The story resembles the following: a little town girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her friend in the big city. When she arrives she discovers she is not as faithful as it should be. Katie then gets to venture into the adventure that is New York. Complementing as a cynic messenger's comedy and charming inconvenience results. She enters a hole in the ground and thus meets a good charismatic Ben (Luke Wilson). It is not love at first sight, at least for her, but destiny and Ben will not give up too easily. Being "just" a little girl in the little AND blond city, a few dire directors from a construction company decides she is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. There are misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences. However, this is a blonde who will not take her to bed! People who judge this movie will soon turn out to be quite wrong. Banknotes are confident and fit, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that he puts something that Godard has created for shame. Multi-talented Jessica Simpson surprises again with a powerful role she could get. Simpson is really Marilyn Monroe nowadays (there is even a scene that honors her!). Balances perfectly between vulnerable and capricious. Katie tells us you can not judge a book through her cover! Luca Wilson is just as charming as ever. Even if it was covered in manure, man would be just as attractive as anyone. Its light light, puppy puppy eyes and backward turn hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two dire directors. It can not be underestimated. The power of performance consists in retaining it. It's remarkable, because most actors would run away with her and play for cheap laughter. Not this guy! In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has made an intelligent and frequently hilarious comedy, which is meant to become a classic alongside the masterpieces of cinemas such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos for all involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and laughter with all his heart would make even the toughest man burst into a big smile. Maybe you're tough, but you're not that tough! He has warmly recommended all those who want to be swept from his feet and see a romantic comedy that for once feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and rock sounds! <br /> <br /> Now, if you still have not. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
