It is common practice for a movie about repression to be somehow moved in style and tone. But there is a difference between using constraint and encouraging narcolepsy among members of the public. In the film The Secret Life of Dentists, with director Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close as possible to the vest, the result being a movie that does not far outweigh a rum on how teeth are a metaphor for married life. Scott performs well in the role of David Hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly installs the dynamics of his relationship - he is completely absorbed in his daily duties of being a parent, he is quietly disillusioned with their frenetic family life - and then rebukes tension when Scott may or may not witness his wife to another man. From this point on, the film focuses on whether or not David will confront his wife, Dana, about her eventual adultery, or whether she will beat her and leave for good. From time to time, David is treated for visits from an imaginary friend in the form of a former patient injured by Denis Leary (heavily borrowed from Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden in the Fight Club). <br /> <br /> Although there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability to justify the examination, the last two-thirds of the film are empty in nature or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates the drama of an ugly fever who travels slowly through the Hurst family, culminating in an unnecessary hospital visit to the climax of the film. The film never returns to the idea of ​​what David is really capable of if he was not so dedicated to his family; nor spend much time looking at Dana's precarious act of her family life and her other ambitions, fulfilling more. By choosing to spend most of the film worried about a fever gone, Rudolph kills the impetus of his film. Until the fifth member of his family showed his sweat and sickness, the film used all good graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana come to step back several times to a lower end than cathartic. With nothing to be built in the last hour, the conclusion seems strange and patch-on. "The Secret Life of Dentists" has a common theme and does nothing to improve this. In total, a disappointing and unimaginable film.
