Yeah, I know you get upset with emotion. Well, the secret life of dentists will not upset your expectations: it's solid, but not essential, true, but dull. It refers to the story of a married couple who happens to be dentists and who share the same practices (already a recipe for problems: if it were not for our separate life of work, we would give up our wives in offense). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and behavior do not remember Everyone as well as Ned Flanders from * The Simpsons *, is the gentle, uber-father husband, and Hope Davis is a bored and boring housewife who canal her frustrations in the amateur act . One evening, when his father and daughters participate in one of Davis's shows, he discovers that his wife leads his frustrations in more than singing: he confesses his wife kissing and flirting with the director of the work. (A nice touch: we never see the face of the director of the work.) Dropping the prospect of initiating divorce, divorce and custody proceedings - profitable only for lawyers - Scott chooses to claim the ignorance of his wife's indiscretion. <br /> <br /> Already, those who teach you between them begin to marry: ho-hum, another story about the pathetic, the little knife. But Rudolph, who took the story from a novel by Jane Smiley, hopes that the welfare of the material will be offset by a series of fantastic and postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary, maintained relatively - and happily - kept under control) will later become a kind of dentist imagination, appearing as a devil advocate on his shoulder for the old one ("Dump b --- h! ", etc.). When he is not lit by his new imaginary friend, Scott is tormented by fantasies that include his wife hired in a triple manner with two of the male dental assistants working in their practice. It does not go too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for Real People (or Grown-Ups, at least). Along these lines, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable people compared to the glamorous pair of Cruise and Kidman. Moreover, the script for * Secret Lives * is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof, we gave the image of dental children, especially the youngest, aged 3 or 4, and whose main roles are "Father, father, father, father, father!" This is family life, well, with all The film would make an interesting double invoice with * Kramer and Kramer * as well. It is easy to observe the feminization of the American man from 1979 to 2003. In this film, the father is a housewife, as in * Kramer * but he is not in any way disturbed by the domestic role, as opposed to Dustin Hoffman, making fried bread.There, Scott receives all the lead chores, such as wiping children's spirits, cooking, cleaning, taking children to any harmless activity after school (and without directing comments, it's just taken into account.) The film has virtues, especially in relation to verosimilitude. However, it is pulled down by size at her insistence on fashionable distractions culminating in a long scene where a horrible five-day stomach flu makes a round in the household. We must endure the sequences of unnecessary fantasy, initiated by imaginary Leary leader. Whose existence, by the way, finally reminds the character of Brad Pitt of the * Battle Club *. And this ultimately leads home to the biggest flaw of the film: lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it was too easy to refer to many other films. Granted, this movie is an improvement of the majority, but all. * The secret life of dentists is worth seeing, but you do not enjoy too much of it. (Not that you were so excited, I think.)
