It seems that none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praised the film for its accuracy, actually read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The worst inaccuracy is found in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s, a bad light. While he was far from an admirable character - he was an uneven politician and a self-appointed "military genius" that allowed France to be dragged into a disastrous war, not the stupid protagonist described here. He had a clever interest in science and, like many other people in the nineteenth century, saw a bright future because of the improvements he would make. Apart from expelling Pasteur, he was PATRON, building a laboratory and giving him all the resources he needed for his research. While the lab was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat, thinking it was a waste of money to build a lab for someone who would soon have died, ordered the work stopped by his own authority. the emperor heard about it, his aggression shattered the bureaucracy, so there was a crossing of the dollar and work was resumed promptly. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would get his lab. the members of his court to admire Pasteur's projects, and it was obvious to all that Pasteur was one of the emperor's favorites. Pasteur's main concern about the Emperor was that Napoleon believed that Pasteur was practically a working miracle who could do almost anything, and that he had constantly assigned tasks beyond his previous experience. Pasteur, a very modest man, always protests this, but Napoleon would say that he has full faith in him, and Pasteur, despite his doubts, have always entered through. They always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the Emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful until the end of his life. daughter with the child and Pasteur sacrificing her principles to get a doctor, never happened. A part about anthrax and rabies for which it was famous is generally correct, but the idea that the anthrax experiment has raised it from obscurity to fame is false. It was famous and respected when this happened. This movie is OK dramatically but very distorted as a biography.
