I saw Chan missing when he first left, about four years after he moved from San Francisco to New York. Perhaps it was a perspective for a few years, but this film seemed to surprise the essence of the city and its people better than anything else I've ever seen (not yet). It focuses on a particular community - the Chinese - but that's good, because so much of the city's soul is refracted by settings, faces, and perhaps above all, the voices of the characters. it's not San Francisco tourists. The settings are humble and day-to-day: taxi booth, Chinese restaurant kitchen, Richmond River river houses, Chinatown's small apartments and small business offices, pyramids, an older Philippine center. This is what the city looks and feels like day to day for the people who live there - right now, in the age of urban rehabilitation Silicon Gulch. In contrast, let's say, Dirty Harry (in his excellent way and an excellent San Francisco movie), everything is filmed at the street level: we get to understand the views of the characters from the perspective of the surroundings they give, not from fantasies shooting. Wang seems to have filmed in B & W because he has no money to do otherwise, but one of the most powerful visual elements of the film is the natural light he makes. The often harsh and pervasive quality of sunlight is one of my closest associations to San Francisco: it seems to expose everything by bringing buildings, hills, other landmarks down and, in a fun way, making the people you pass through the streets seem to be more individual and potentially closer to you than you could in another place. Wang's photo perfectly convinces this and even helps the story along the points. Wang captures the conversation and conversational style of the Chinese and other San Francisco franciscans better than anyone ever has, I think. If there is a true "accent" of San Francisco, it's what you hear from the balding taxi broder (think) who seems to talk on the phone in one scene (listen to the way he calls the person at the other end "ya dingaling!"). The story is full of beatings, and despite some very small mistakes, it makes its beautiful points about the desires that draw on the hearts of people living in the old immigrant communities - political and ethnic resentment, and little ironic fun that helps combat them. All of this is delicately communicated - perhaps why some respondents think the movie is moving. It's not enough to say that the two cab drivers for Quan are becoming a quest for something more personal. Chan Is Missing ends with a Chinatown travel sequence backed by a crazy novel of the 1930s (I think) about San Francisco and all its crazy diversity. An American caricature, yes, but not entirely.
