Live! Yeah, but he did not hit him. True story: Some time ago, a Dutch television made an announcement that it could broadcast a new reality show. Rather a contest. The main participant in this show would be a woman who died of something terrible and gave her kidney to a lucky person with progressive renal failure. True. The country and the international media have been everywhere in this story, such as flying on a flock, saying it is terrible, immoral, what-is-this-world-comes-in, and. In a way, I had to agree. With the passing of the months, tension has reached a level where the government has been largely concerned whether it should let this show go ahead or not instead of driving the country. The show made air until the last moment they were pushing forward. And until the last moment the country got up in arms, the prime minister taking speeches, every newspaper written about him, all in the country holding his breath. And the network pushed. Towards a new frontier on television. And they certainly managed to do that. They pressed the envelope. The show was broadcast, and we all watched a terminally ill woman who selected the right candidate to receive her kidneys so he or she would live while she would die shortly after. <br /> <br /> And then, in the last moments of the show, it was revealed that it was a partial farce. The woman was not sick, but all the candidates were. There was no kidney auction. The whole show, which, with advertising and advertisements and all the talks, built for months to a fantastic climax, was an advertising attempt to focus on the problem of major organ donor shortages. The man who founded this particular network died of kidney disease. Now this is the television. Leaving everyone behind, in astonishment. Do not give me an inappropriate, foolish move about a woman trying to get a Russian roulette show on American television. <br /> <br /> If they thought they would get this through the FCC. Like I think this will come through the US Supreme Court on the basis of freedom of speech. Like I think it's going to be ridiculous where this woman has fired her and she has a conscience problem because a guy shot himself in the air. Everything was done before. Watch Man Run with Arnold instead. At least he had a semi-good ending. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * This is a terrible bad piece of film, along with a ridiculous ending. So she is finally shot, should it make us make a better movie after we left the theater because there was a kind of justice? Do not take my word for this, but I would say this: leave it alone and follow a test pattern instead, you get more quality.
