Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba, two of the less-favored actors of this century, join the team in what is probably the biggest attempt to remake the effect of Butterfly Effect. The awakening is so boring and so uninteresting that you are better off to fall asleep. Terrance Howard still recovering from the devil August Rush makes a decent fight like a sadistic doctor who seems to have been directed to Christianson's killing and after seeing her performance I would be glad to help him. Alba, who still returns after the Fantastic Four Increase the silver surfer. It is naturally disastrous and as undiscovered as it has always been. It was just once brighter than that in the safe hands of director Robert Rodriguez of Sin City. It may be possible for Jessica Alba not to be as poor as an actress most of hers give her, and her acting skills may be weighted by a bad screenplay. If so, then it would explain the awakening. What if there was a scenario that would be ashamed as that of Plan 9 in outer space. Jessica Alba, Hayden Christenson and Terrence Howard play the role of the director / screenwriter for Joby Harold's film, experimenting with the common surgical phenomenon, terribly known as "Aesthetic Awareness," in which those exposed on the operating table are aware of what is happening around them, despite being completely paralyzed and unable to cry for help. When a successful youngster (Christenson) is under the knife and realizes that anesthesia has not done his job, the horror is fast while his worried wife (Alba) is eagerly awaiting and a dreadful drama unfolds in the hall of operations. <br /> <br /> In hopes of making for the Final Destination Operations tables for airplanes, this first effort of director Joby Harold is heading for a bloodthirst. The pre-credit sequence tells us that one in 700 people suffer from a phenomenon known as "anesthetic awareness", in which the patient remains conscious but paralyzed during surgery. Such an unfortunate individual is Clayton Beresford Jr (Hayden Christensen), who awakens very awake during a heart transplant ... and can feel every slice. Intermittently inventive, as he moves to his psyche torture, Awake fails to inject true terror into his Roman premise. Spiraling from simplicity of cooling to absurd conspiracy, is prevented from coming back from Christensen and Jessica Alba. Would you like to have a sedative before you track? <br /> <br /> VERDICT: Wake up in the most unusual conditions. A shot does not shoot any blow that undoubtedly looks better on paper. As a film, though generic and highly derivative. Awakening fails to inject terror into its Roman premise. The end result is really pretty bad. Alba and the Christian are the least of your worries, because the film's flaws are the inability to scare the audience. Awake is a movie you'll most likely sleep with.
