This is the most absurd and funny thriller I've ever seen. Oh ... where to start .... Plot (as little as it can be): Clayton Beresford Jr. (Hayden Christensen), a young billionaire with a bad heart, desperately needs a transplant. Clay was secretly involved in PA, Samantha, by his mother, played by Jessica Alba. In the night when these two marry in secret, there is a heart donor with the same rare blood. Go ahead and imagine the chances of that one! Once on the operating table, Clay finds that anesthesia does not work and can feel everything and hear everything. Fortunately, Clay seems to be able to filter the pain of a sharpened cut cut open his chest by simply focusing on his memories of Samantha, which we are told to do with an annoying voice he never seems to stop. If you have not yet laughed, you will definitely start when you see the surgical scenes. <br /> <br /> How could a young billionaire accept a heart transplant performed by a surgeon, a nurse, a doctor and a drunken anesthetic? There were more people in the room when my wisdom tooth was pulled. Not to mention medical behavior, which is too absurd to be taken seriously ... the operating room is not even sterile ... practically people can only get in and out of the room without washing. During the operation, the spectator gets to hear Clay's thoughts, none of which is too fascinating. Ah ... but what it is ... Doctors try to kill him to get his money. Believing him to be unconscious, the offenders speak freely. Lord! What will happen? <br /> <br /> Well ... at least there is no interference from someone else in the hospital, while an incompetent physician who has four malpractice processes against him performs major heart surgery. Even Clay's mother who does not have the protection seems to be able to check his status. The only one who wants to update is Samantha ... but no ... it might be sweet Sam to be in it ... You'll find out quickly through a Scooby Doo ... the latter would not even matter if Clay was or was not known for anesthesia, because in both cases the same thing would have happened. If you can ignore the feeling that the director / writer is trying to have fun with patients who have fallen victim to anesthesia awareness, maybe there's a great fun to be ... Enjoy ...
