I doubt the importance to Queer Cinema, because it seems more about having a homosexual encounter through violent behavior than making a clear statement about homosexuality and violence. Three stories are tangled together in a rather unclear manner. I woke up trying to tell the disordered story in the first 15 minutes, but I just did not feel good. The weaknesses of the plot have been repeated over and over again, as though they might not have been the first ten times. There was a sense of dialogue padded throughout the movie. More like a 45-minute boy Briefly short, rather than a lengthy film. He had a certain erotic flair, male nudity and sexual recall, but overall the sum does not amount to his parts. First part: The Boxer / Stalker story was the strongest and yet felt as if it had been snatched. Bob is following Tim for four years and only now is he facing him? I felt as if their play with the cat was not developed enough to be worth the conclusion. I needed more information about them and fewer parking scenes / resting places, while Tim said endlessly, "What do you want?" <br /> <br /> The second part: Danny wants his boyfriend, Tony, to beat him as he descends. Tony does not seem to bother, but he does not even seem interested in exploring the implications of homo erotic hobbies - even after they do it in the nude. This story does not have a very important transition from "I am a straight boy who beats my boyfriend around for fun" to "I think I might be gay and hit him because I want to spread his ass and to make it S / M style. " A very important thing to give up. Obviously, these stories could have transmitted their points in half time. The third part with the man and woman weaving around is added to that thought. Moreover, it was useless and did not add anything to the movie. Yes, the actors did a good job in these circumstances and the four male leaders were very sexy. But the makeup (bruises and cuts) was nevertheless equal to a talent show at language school. It was not enough meat for this story to have any impact on homosexuality. The film did not make any statement, scattered the time, and is not sufficiently engaged or worthy of careful investment. His fatal defect is his amateur approach, which ultimately makes it impossible to take seriously.
