I give this props movie that it is very well made and that it acted reasonably. I could not pass the implausibility of the whole thing. First of all, a game built around the notion of "Russian roulette", which must be filled for an hour. the big problem is that if you make a live show, you have the possibility that your first competitor is the one who has the bad luck to take the "real" bullet. Then what are you doing? You have 50 minutes of show to fill and nothing to show. The corollary is that Okay, you get to the end and the top five competitors survive, which means that the number six has the bullets and can not get the pay. It will not shoot at that moment, so it's a kind of anti-climate. <br /> <br /> The second problem, almost as big. Human nature. People will change their minds, panic, break their linen, and do things that would otherwise not make good television. Too random. That's why the "real" television of reality is, in fact, written and written much more. The only thing at random is the "fantasy of the performers" about female sacrifices, which were historically rare. Predicted from believing that the ratings of the shows will increase as it happens at 1 am (unlikely) with the Asian front token announcing each impulse in the rating. A point on race and sex. A big surprise for the films is that they survive the two minorities (one homosexual) and two contestants. So we are left with the two white men and, of course, the least liked among them are those who buy it. The purpose of such a show would have been random, but the guy he likes the smallest is the dying guy. Climax is that after spending two hours of suicide for television suicide, the character of Eve Mendes (Mendes produced and played in this, so she has no one to blame but herself), really grows conscious when someone dies. What does he think will happen? She is promptly shot by an angry spectator about everything (the reasons have never been explained), and the show has been a great success. Really? <br /> <br /> The problem with media satire is that it must have either a real earth or it must be so high as to be ridiculous (like the Network). This is none.
