What unhappy misery is "Shiner". I wanted to like this anti-film aspirant, and in fact, I found a series of strong resonance moments. Unfortunately, those moments are few and far. While I appreciate some of what Calson is trying to do, any blessed aspirations, no budget cinemas have been destroyed by some really atrocious editions that have not benefited from the film at all. budget (and great budget) cinema, Shiner has some remarkable shows of bad, which are almost painful to watch. In particular, the "right" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two most badly written characters that offer almost nothing about the story. The action is so elusive and the actor does not seem to be able to withstand astonishment or crack while they lose their line with a terrible lack of understanding. The editorial change offers almost the feeling that these roles have been totally free and have fallen to avoid films being stereotyped as a homosexual film. It would have been better. With everything that goes wrong, there are some performances that seem to capture what Calson hopes to achieve. Especially the story that focuses on Bob and Tim. These are the two richest drawn characters and offer the most exciting rewards with truly exciting performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. The remarkably low self-esteem is disguised by almost a cartoon as the arrogance it bears as an armor. Obsessed with Tim, Bob, seemingly harmless, but ultimately creepy, crosses the boxer in a classic way with cats and mice. When the tables are turned and the hunter becomes hunted, the result being the only emotional catharsis of the film. In a so artificial film (with a compliment) MUST have that revealing break (or a breakdown, as it turns out here), and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and the king the opportunity to show some chops real. As Scott Stepp and Derris Nile play, Tony and Danny appear to be the center of the movie and despite some bravado moments (including a really disturbing scene that reveals sexual obsession / violence), but they do not seem to get rid of a drawing-like artifice animated and hard to look at - or beyond their apparent symphony, and to find anything but obvious. Ultimately, the same raw material could (and should) be used to tell this story in a better way. Unfortunately, there is not much to recommend this yet, King and Zelinas's shows really offer something special and an overview that could have been and ultimately worth seeing.
