Shiner, directed by Christian Calson, focuses around three "couples" and their relationships with obsession and violence. A pretty good start for me. Interesting. Couples broken down into a heterosexual couple, two heterosexual male friends and a straight guy being "harmless" pursued by a homosexual man. The het pair really does not have an important role in the movie. There are some scenes that show how they prefer to be aggressive when they have sex or play with each other, but they seem to have no real purpose because they are so marginalized. My assumption is that they are an illustration of the day-to-day nature of sex / violence being integrated into couples' lives. The couple is not very aggressive nor is it shot in any way erotic. As characters, they do not add too much to the theme or plot. The two male friends make up most of the plot. They engage in some sort of gay beating by persuading a homosexual man to have sex with them in an alley. It escalates into violence. And the violence changes them. It becomes a means of sexual satisfaction. And their need to release violence increases with the progress of the film. The main problem we have is that violence is not convincing. It never seems that any of the characters is in real danger. It just does not work. Given that the whole theme of the film relates to the relationship of the characters with violence, this is a major issue. Unfortunately, makeup does not help anybody. Sometimes it's fine, sometimes it's very bad. In one scene, I wondered why one of the characters had rouge spots on his face. Confused. <br /> <br /> The most interesting pair of characters is the 'stalker couple'. Here Calson seemed to have more to say and managed to develop a more coherent story. Perhaps it is due to the fact that the characters seem to develop more and have the final solution. Shiner could have been much better if they were left with these two. I appreciate that Calson wanted to get a lot with this movie. It's admirable. Most low-budget footage does not aspire much. I do not think Calson was able to see him. I myself did not find anything particularly controversial or unsettling. Shiner was not convincing. This does not mean, however, that the director can not get anything with his next film. Looks like he has something to say.
