-SPOILES - Blades to the south of the border adventure film that is related to the blackmail of a major executive collaborator Rosenlski, president of Unasco Inc., by David Ziegler, who lives Reilly or Ziegler's life on his beach in Cancun, Mexico. Having this CD he gave to his brother James, he has three years of telephone conversations between Rosenlski and the president of the United States involved in the criminal business. This CD gave David an edge over the international mobs who are behind him. <br /> <br /> James becomes a bit greedy, trying to shake Rosenlski for 2 million diamonds, not only costs his life, but puts David in danger of losing and he. Ropsenlski wants to negotiate with David for the CD, getting his ex-wife Liz to talk about giving up, Rosnelski made a deal to pay off his debts if he comes. David is later killed by Tony, Rosenliski's Mexican director, with the help of a big white shark who just does not go for all these peaceful negotiations on his side. <br /> <br /> Tony took the CD that Liz left for his boss at a local safe house and now wants to kill James as David did, and at the same time keep The CD has something over Rosenlski. <br /> <br /> David, who secretly hidden the diamonds that James had at the time of his murder, is now Tony's and his people's goal to shut him down forever. David also wants to take diamonds and at the same time gives Rosenlski the impression that David's CD is lost but uses it later without Rosenlski knowing who is behind him, blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The Shark Night Movie has a number of shark attacks in it with this one-eyed giant shark that ends up bringing about half a dozen members, including Tony. David, who is a firm believer in gun control, uses large explosive knives and Molotov cocktails as well as his fists to take out the entire Tony crew. Even the killer shark is finished by Tony, but with a hunting knife, not a pistol. When he came to use firearms to save his boyfriend and boyfriend Paco, Juanita's girlfriend and his mate, Matthew, lives from Tony, and his band guns were not with David; he was rather a knife and a spear roll than anything else. The end of the film was as predictable as David could think he was killed by one-eye sharks who later came out of the crowd after Rosenlski was convinced he was dead and leaving the village. David continues his life as a free and loving beach life without anyone killing him and two million dollars richer. on David's credit he had his friend Paco give Rosenski his CD, but given that if something happened to his cousin who Rosenlski does not know who and where he is, he will shoot his mouth and leave the world about its dirty and criminal business.
