So did he really get that? Are we, as consensual adults, to blame for the next generation of cinemas that have no cinematic understanding and celluloid capacity? As for the latest addition to scenes of moving scenes Wayans and Co .; Little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parental Guidance), anyone under the age of twelve has to be accompanied by a responsible adult, a certified film, is the symbol of what has now developed in the worst case of hallucination, because the cigarettes have been "deleted" from the images of the icons the 1950s. Here, the less than twelve audiences who, some without being raised, remained obedient, taking everything away, ignoring the partially developed subject and features that Little Man portrayed, in part and at least. Films in general can do better than this bad test, while these nonsense take them while they are still young and fresh, the greatest fear for the future of cinema is that the child's ignorance could go on to an adult happiness. Cinematography deserves more than that, and so in terms of its growth and, literally, the audience, this cowardly cash cow feeds on the ever-impressive young minds. There is no cinematic experience here, with no mind open to the eyes, no respect for the magic of the movies. "There is nothing but astonishment and contempt, for lack of substance, originality, and bringing the minds less pain and parody of everything that is so bad for the Hollywood car, for the sake of a quick bouquet, we have to endure the cinema audience's future to this archetypal disaster film. They will have such bands as Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner who are twisting in their graves "Money that everyone has undoubtedly enjoyed but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality and to a great extent respect for profession and audience have never been steadfast. We see again with the works of his clan Wayans, another cliché of stupid taste, while White Chicks (2004) was no doubt a swearing burghecy in American society. the two main protagonists, once again played by the Wayans, are so undercover, that any recognition is non-existent, this also makes for a better film, and actor Terry Crews gives White Chicks his substance and personality , not Wayans. Yet again, with their 1970s Blaxploitation film footage, as in 1988 I'm Gonna Git You Sucka, this can be seen as a comic and funny movie with great heavyweight like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the gorgeous actress Ja'net Du Bois. The idea is that the little man has absolutely no person of all sorts, what is ever, is a little deep and narcissistic, without appreciation or value to his descendants, he sinks quickly into your money and, before we know, hid in the words marketing. There is no recognized effort as to where our money was spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could have just risen, but unfortunately they did not, they did not have much value artistic and no doubt that the slice of this film the next moguls movies will be directly to the video, one can only hope. Wayans seems to have created a kind of film all alone, to some extent; they drove the parody of the film to death, they drank on each boulevard and their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that our cinema has given us, perhaps the ghosts of past films are so humiliated in judgment, as their growing audience shows so far, because when bubbles burst, maybe they should be equally understood.
