America. A country of freedom, hope and dreams. This is the nation which, since its independence, has endeavored to bring democracy, prosperity and peace all over the world for the good of all mankind. There are times, however, when one can only afford to want Americans to stay on the Atlantic shore. <br /> <br /> This "movie" (and I use that word with some reservations) evokes these feelings with intense purity. This vision of hell follows the adventures of Calvin, a strange jewelery thief, who was created by attaching his head cut by Marlon Wayan to the body of a two-legged dwarf. After mistaking a large diamond in the Vanessa purse, a career woman who is not going to have children, Calvin realizes that in order to recover her diamond, she must take care of her. So, as any ordinary person would do, Calvin dresses like a 2-year-old and parked on the door of the poor woman, where she is discovered by Darryl, Vanessa's husband. Darryl falls incongruously to Calvin's disguise, despite the fact that the baby has a complete set of teeth, stubble, a tattoo, a knife scar and the sexual drive of a 16-year-old man, old. Even more absurd, Vanessa does not see any wear on Calvin's child and, in fact, tries to nurse the diminutive perversion. This aggressive attack on the soul of mankind attempts and fails to find humor in rape, scatology, sexual assault and pedophilia; however, in a dishonest attempt to turn into a "family-entertainment" piece, Wayan Brothers mixes a feeling of feeling and a bad morality. <br /> <br /> Brothers are trying a Freudian rehabilitation of their thief rapper, revealing that he "had a bad father". Repeatedly, striking Darryl on his feet makes Calvin develop the love-loving father-father relationship that he and Darryl always wanted. As if this was not ridiculous enough, Calvin's attempts to attack Vanessa to some degree convince her that it is selfish that a woman should devote herself to a successful career and that she should spend life playing the role of a young woman who spends her time alternately messing up the kids and cooking for her husband. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Wayan brothers mixed their form of humor and twisted together with the clichyful sentimentality that infected much of Hollywood's recent work. In addition, they are endemic to the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for transforming African-American humor into a faint and unhappy shadow that overlaps with fart jokes and gross sexual bouts. By rights, these two should be legally excluded from taking something more and more akin to the room. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of American cinema means that by the next month no doubt will be filmed two sequels and will make millions of dollars from sticky merchandising transactions.
