[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] Timon and Pumbaa follow the lion king. Timon decides to go back to the beginning, until the story really started. So they're coming back. The way back. Back just before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house, a few miles from Pride Rock. A clan of meerkats buried underground to hide from the hienile. The worst digger in the clan was a pompous, eloquent meerkat called Timon. His mother was proud of him, but Uncle Max shook his head. Mom advised Timon to entrust the guards; Timon dreams of a bigger and better place somewhere. Even then, the Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hyenas came and almost killed the poor Uncle Max. That's what he did. The other Miracles just wanted Timon to leave, while Timon took himself to leave. So he kissed his mother goodbye and started. He did not get too far before he started making his way. Then he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what this meant, so he continued and met a warthog called Pumbaa, who was alone alone because of a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa joined then, but Timon told them rather connoisseurs than friends. Soon they arrive at Pride Rock, where all zebras, antelopes, boars, rhinoceros, giraffes, elephants and many other simple animals have gathered. What happened? Timon did not care. They pressed. Timon then saw Rafiki on the top of Pride Rock, raising up something he could not see. Then all the animals took a bow. Was this to honor the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had gone through the gas and the animals were inclined to cover their nose; Timon and Pumbaa are trying a new assortment of new houses, but each is unpleasant because of uninterrupted singing or hyenas or a big wound of wolves! Pumbaa and Timon wake up suddenly, pointing down. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to give up. But then they look at their newly discovered paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water falls to the eye. Timon named the place after a strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go bowling after an afternoon when they suddenly arrive at Simba. I take it under their wing and become a father figure. He teaches the arts of eating contests and the beetle's wandering. Pretty soon, a teenager Simba takes Timon into a snail contest. Simba won, leaving Timon sick. Then, one day, Sima's girlfriend, Nala, arrived. Timon and Pumbaa just knew they would break friendship. Suddenly, Simba runs away. Nala and Pumbaa after him, but not Timon. He chose to stay alone at "Hakuna Matata" until Rafiki "spoke" with a meaning in him, so he joins his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive at that time. While Simba is struggling with Scar, Mama and Max dig a big hole to catch Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. Scar is soon thrown down into the same hole where he is devoured by hyenas. Then everything is fine. Mom, uncle Max and the other meerkats go with Timon and Pumbaa to Hakuna Matata paradise. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the movie when, suddenly, Mom, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to look at her again. So, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. must say that the king of the 1 1/2 leu was not as good as we were hoping. It was too ridiculous and stupid. The King of the original leu was a masterpiece. He had a serious story with a light comedy. That was just stupid and he made a mockery. I swear sometimes, Timon and Pumbaa are too overlapped. They are overlapped to the point of no longer being fun, just annoying. Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New for distribution are Julie Kavner from television (too much) the long-lasting Simpsons series as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So, anyway, this movie is not the King of the Lion III, and it is not II because there is already a second. It takes place right after Part I and Part II is a long way off. Therefore, it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this to die Lion King heavy fans, because it is too ridiculous and frivolous. However, children will love him, so I recommend them. I hope this will be LAST LION King. Two are enough. "King of the lion 1 1/2". What we expected from Disney sequel makers. <br /> <br /> -
