A director and his crew head to the isolated Beal mansion to make a low-cost horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that took place in the last century. Even with warnings by the caretaker, the director does not pay any attention to the house that is supposed to be cursed. One of the crew members finds a book titled "The Tibetan Book of the Dead" and uses some passages for his script. But doing so, when red they raise a ghole from his grave. Boring, confusing and sticky all rolled in one, is equal to this penniless midnight horror production. What feels like an eternity never seems to go or demonstrate something effective from somewhat decent ideas. Even though Paul Harrison's direction, unshaken, tensionless, he built a pair of strange, humorous and atmospheric sets. But laziness did it earlier. The whole movie in a film structure takes most of the film and at this moment something very little is happening. It's not fun. Think of Bob Clark's "Children's not to play with the dead things" (1972), and now we have older actors. However, I found "Seven Bodies" as inferior. The early-stage scenario has some abundant abilities before it becomes dear, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The low-cost foundation with limited sets did not even help with the issues, but the dark and dark appearance of the villa was creepy. The performances in a recognized bitch are mainly rigid. John Carradine, in short, listens mainly. John Irlande plays a determined director, Faith Domergue's actress, who has been filled, demanding attention, and Charles Macaulay shows him. The slow grinding premise is passed between "Ten Small Indians" and the usual zombie configuration. However, not everything that engages, even with the occult and supernatural edge. Damn, she even throws a cemetery action without surrender. When the rotten ghost makes its appearance? in the end, but a little late. She gets a little better, if it's really upsetting. Just like the inspired opening, the end is delicious. To hurt in between, it draws constantly. Continuity in many scenarios is non-existent, and death scenes are much more interesting and bloody (but really poorly executed) in the movie they make, then what really happens when a zombie appears. The generic music score strengthens with its empty but honest gothic clues, and working with the room is organized with a lack of imagination. Drag and pull. Drag and pull. The thing done. It's a cover.
