This is the type of movie in which, in fact, it hurts to recognize that it really is sucks. Normally, I sanctify things like this! The early 70's in movies with scrumptious poll titles and a low-budget schlocky atmosphere, usually ROCK. "House of Seven Corpses" seems to have more strengths because the cast is a gathering of veterans of genre (John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue), and filming locations (the house, the cemetery) are obviously suited to a story terrible terror. The film opens with its absolutely wonderful and memorable sequences, though, unfortunately, they are the only ones who qualify as such. Credits are a splendid fitting, complete with strange color effects and interwoven frames, illustrating how the homeowner has received his notorious reputation. The last seven owners have been mysteriously killed here and the credit assemblies are happy to expose their final moments. Someone falls on the balcony screaming, a lady drowns in the bathtub, and another female body clings to the ceiling and four other macabre paintings. Needless to say that the house is cursed and the odd behavior of President Price (Carradine) just fortifies this reputation. In other words, the house forms the ideal turf for director Eric Hartman (John Irlanda), who shot the Satanic horror movie. The film's structure in the film is what causes the "House of the Seven Bodies" to be so boring and hassle-free. A lot of film-material is wasted on the crew members put the coils in the camera and pulling around the cables or? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay portraying the horrific intolerable actors' stereotypes. Eventually, the plot becomes less interesting (just a little, you remember) when one of the characters reads some lines in an occult book and accidentally wakes a rotting corpse in the yard. Asthma (judging by the noise it produces) the zombie is slowly heading home and killing the entire movie crew, which reminds of how the seven have turned into corpses. After a running time of about 60 minutes, the film suddenly turns in a strange and confusing way. I'm still not sure if the last twist is related to the concept of reincarnation or just a coincidence, and all the remaining characters seem to suddenly suffer mental transformations shortly before they die for some reason. I sincerely regret, confirming that "The House of the Seven Corps" is a terrible movie. Places and landscape are frozen, but not nearly used to have a full effect, and there is a serious shortage of frightening blood. The many low-budget gems have been staggering, so lack of financial means is no excuse, and film crimes in the film are not taken into account. Even the veterans of trusted veterans offer strange performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. It is not recommended unless you think that the montage granted for the opening of opening credits for four and a half minutes is worth the effort to purchase a copy.
