After reading the previous comments, I'm glad I was not the only person who was confused, especially in the last 20 minutes. John Carradine is shown twice down in a tomb and pulls the cap closed after him. I was looking forward to an explanation for this strange behavior ... I assumed, of course, that it had something to do with the evil in the house, but since being killed by the first rising corpse (henceforth Zombie # 1) these scenes did not really make any sense. Please, if anyone there knows why Carradine continued to climb into graves - leave the others on it! <br /> <br /> All the action is limited to the last 20 minutes, so I will try a synoptic. John Carradine goes out to the cemetery to investigate and is shaken by Zombie # 1. So far, fine. But then we get to stage where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, for a monthly cemetery shooting, discover Carradine's body. Strickler repeatedly tries to push Ireland into the open tomb where Zombie # 1 appeared, but Ireland manages to hit him in the open grave, and PRESTO! Strickler goes out as Zombie # 2! Yes, I think we can deduce that Strickler has died over time (a witch?) But why did he change from the usual appearance in the version of the flesh by flying into Zombie's tomb no. (Considering how hard these zombies move slowly, I would have thought it would have preferred to stay in its "normal" shape until his business was over). This scene also brings a question in mind - just who the hell IS Zombie # 1 ??? We can only assume that Zombie # 1 is one of the victims of the original crimes presented during the film's opening filming, but who knows which one, or why he has some dissatisfaction with the film crew. However, after Ireland sees this transformation and run, we see exactly the same images of Zombie # 2 that go through the trees as we have seen for Zombie # 1 (This leads to an instant confusion about how many zombies really exist) . Then, in the best horror modes of the 1950s, Ireland manages to travel while running away. Conveniently, he's beating his head on the small stone of Faith Domergue's dead cat (was it not as cute as John Carradine to make a tombstone for a cat he barely knew?) Meanwhile, Zombie # 1 did bad in the house. He easily sends three members of the movie crew, then starts the stairs. Domergue's faith hears him and thinks that his lover, John Irlanda, from behind, goes out. After seeing she is only Zombie # 1, she screams and retreats to a bedroom where she recovers Irish revolver. While Starlet Carole Wells is showering at the moment and can not hear the cries, his co-star, Charles Macauley (who scratches him and strikes her at a mirror in his bedroom). Due to his sweet time (and only after several headaches in his hip balloon), he finally decides to investigate. (One thing that hits the spectator during the last quarter of this movie is how SLOW TO REACT the Stars are shouting and fireworks). Domergue returns to the hallway, armed and ready, but Macauley is wrong for Zombie # 1 and shoots him six times! He makes a beautiful acrobatics flip over the railing, then a terrified Domergue sustains up even in the waiting arms of Zombie # 1. Carole Wells is now out of her shower and drying when she hears Domergue's gunfire and screaming; she does not feel too urgent in running to investigate. So, during this time, Zombie # 1 has time to gather Domergue from his neck with a rope. Wells sees him on Domergue's body and light the dead man. The next time we see it is in a creek outside the house (???) - but more about it later. Meanwhile, Ireland regained its senses and stumbled into the house where it reveals the bloody massacre of Zombie # 1. Although Ireland has just over 3 people killed, it is more concerned that its film has been exposed and destroyed! Luckily for him (and audience), Zombie # 1 throws some cinematic equipment on his head on the 2nd floor. This is the last one we see about Zombie # 1. At this moment, the audience is being treated for a fit of all deaths, showing that the new ones "mirror" the old ones. How profound. Zombie # 2, meanwhile, has approached the house (remember, these zombies move as slowly as the molasses in January), where you happen to see that Carole Wells floats in a stream and fish it out. How did he get there? Zombie # 1 took her down, threw her, then went back upstairs, just in time to crush John Ireland? It seems that one of the original victims has been drowned in the tub, so Wells has to drown too (but why outside a stream, instead of being in the tub, is never explained). Zombie # 2 never makes it in the house (everyone has died so far, anyway, thanks to Zombie # 1), but instead takes Carol Wells back to the cemetery. As the final credits illuminate on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with his dead love still in his arms, descending into the open grave. The visitor is left wondering: Yes, but was not this Zombie # 1 grave? Why is the Zombie # 2 home? And if Zombie # 1 comes along and wants to climb back - is Zombie # 2 to let it or will it be a zombie fight? Will the zombies share both the tomb and the newly deceased, Carole Wells? And what about the dead John Carradine - where will he stay? After all, from previous scenes we know it's clearly at home in the tomb ... If this synopsis of the final left you confused, do not worry because you're not alone.
