Jill Dunne (played by Mitzi Kapture), is a beautiful, beautiful woman who was amazed by a clever teenage daughter, Liv (Martha MacIsaac) and a tiny husband, twice, Sean (Rick Roberts) self-centered and unpleasant. It was announced as a troubled family pursued by a crazy killer during a tireless storm. The storm does not even happen until the last 5 minutes of the movie, and then there is nothing to send anyone to run at the storm cellar. Stalking also does not intensify until the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Most of the movie we spend listening to Jill and her unbearable daughter, Liv, hold back until I just wanted to push her daughter back next week. Jill's problem with Liv is that she took Zack, a boy of questionable character, and they do it constantly - in fact, Jill comes home to find the two on Liv's bed. time you spend listening to Jill Sean's husband either at Jill, or a critic. Sean was not at all attractive - since his face is so covered with freckles, you can play by connecting points. The story begins with the fact that Jill was informed about a bill on a credit card for a hotel she's never been, and that she thought she never had Sean. at the hotel where he meets the owner and manager Richard Grant (Nick Mancuso), a very nice, older, divorced, sympathetic man. Actually, when her husband puts her there, he calls Jill and advises him. Jill returns to the hotel, sees Sean with another woman. She is upset, she leaves without seeing her and does nothing. In fact, she does not even tell Sean when she gets home. This does not make any sense to me. Jill gave Richard the business card, so she calls her and she seems to be in real estate. He shows him a condo. Then they have a drink, and things get together. Richard and Jill give it, hot and heavy. In fact, he seems to be a bit more aggressive than necessary, when Jill suddenly decides to break up. Jill and Sean have a confrontation about his deception. Sean wondered how Jill had let him fall from his father's death. It seems that her lack of morality is a guilt. Eventually, Jill confesses her own lack of morality and adultery close to Sean - and, of course, that's all her fault as far as Sean is concerned. The little family decides to go into - which means more crying and terrible among them, especially from the spoiled daughter. I was so rooted that the stalker would bring everyone, but Jill.
