I have three comments that I have discovered about this movie, which I found badly in a lower shelf at Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see the approaches the filmmakers take in trying to film works that are essentially unfathomable. Some have, as Kubrick did with "Lolita," received the original author to write a script that is something like the original work. Of course it can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing has long been dead. Some have used the premise of the original work as a launch point to go in a completely new direction, unrelated (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can do it down - the "Abacus 5" movie is an example in my mind. Or you can simply take the original format and try to make it in cinemas. That would be Woody Allen's "Everything You Wanted to Know About Sex" approach, and no doubt this movie. After examination, it is probably the only thing that can be done with a scientific work such as "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that any cumulative point that the original work has is hidden or destroyed. And so it is. <br /> <br /> The second point is the cinematic style. Some would call a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's more brutal than that. It is too difficult to handle and self-aware that it is effective for a long time. Ultimately, it's just annoying. The third point is probably a less intellectual observation. How did people responsible for this movie make a movie about wild sex misconduct and perversion that is so dull? We have found that the movie is impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who is automatically turned to representations of sexual deviance will find it just as well. I do not want to be completely useless and say that the film is useless, but I have to say that any aspect that the filmmakers have had is rather circumvented by the nature of the source material, the visible copying of the film styles and the stubborn refusal to engage the audience at an emotional level (perhaps out of fear of being accused of titillation). The movie is a dubious exercise from the beginning and it does not really work for me, I'm sorry it says.
