Wow, this is very unusual in one respect: usually the first film in a long line of successes is the best in the group. People are surprised when a sequel is actually better. With Tarzan, I thought this movie was the worst of the bunch, or at least the first six that included the Tarzan DVD package. I will follow with joy the sequel several times, but I stand by this turkey, thanks to several characters. Well, let's start with the good news: - A lot of action with a lot of wild animals on the screen, even if they are just stock images. See attacks with lions, crocodiles, hippopotamuses, panthers, you call them and see more of the different tribes of all kinds, including pygmies (called "dwarves" in the movie). Since this film was made almost 75 years ago, I can not beat any realism because they have not been in the movies for a long time. They do everything they can, so you can sit down with the actors who speak in front of the false backgrounds. However, Weissmuller did a lot of action scenes and was in excellent shape. He and O'Sullivan make a well-built couple if they ever were one in those golden years of cinema. The film has a historical value (with so many sequels) in the sense that it shows how Tarzan acquired Jane and his beginnings of learning English. BAD - Since Jane Parker is taken by Tarzan almost every scene with her is Maureen O'Sullivan in hysteria, she sparks and shouts the stage after the scene. It's enough to give you a headache and ruin the movie. Fortunately, she was still quiet, but not in this movie. The film does not make any favors for the image of "The Great White Hunter," such as C. Aubrey Smith, playing Jane and Neil Hamilton's father, "Harry Holt," the safari guide, shooting every animal out of sight, if the animal threatens or not. These people are happy, especially Smith. In another note, it's too bad that there is nothing here explaining how Tarzan got into the jungle. There is no history of him here or pictures of his growth. He is there when Jane and the group reach a certain point in Africa.
