Dreamgirls, despite the fact that Tony won an incredibly weak year on Broadway, was never what would be called a jewel in the crown of stage musicians. However, this does not mean that in the right kinematic hands it could not be strengthened and polished to something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, screen transfers are, in principle, a poor version of the scene's faith, with all inherent inconveniences inherent. First, the score has never been one of the strengths of this production, and the film does not change this factor. There are plenty of songs (maybe too many?), But few of them are particularly memorable. The closest melody that's appealing is the title song and One Night Only - much more appreciated and I'm telling you I'm not going, it's less a wonderful song than it's a dramatic play for Effie's character Jennifer Hudson. The film is thin and well-engineered, but the story and the characters are surprisingly thin and resonant. There is an interest in the opening moments, watching Svengali's manager Jamie Foxx manipulate his actions on the top, but this takes a back seat in the last part of the movie when the story is conveniently trying to throw it as a villain having it right from a business stand for a good majority of the movie. Beyonce Knowles is beautiful and sings her songs very well, but she is blocked by a character that is essentially a surface glitter. Anika Noni Rose, as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio, has nothing to do for the entire movie. Eddie Murphy paid off as a singer, obviously based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly crushed and ultimately has little impact. Foxx would seem an ideal cast, but it seems strangely reluctant and bored. The biggest selling point of the movie is certainly the former American competitor Idol / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson as the central role of Effie White, the temperamental singer who becomes a boot in the group and makes a triumphant comeback. For me, Effie has always been a big issue in both the show and the film. Obviously, the movie wants you to be sorry for her, and rather take a part, but I was never sure that this character deserves a kind of devotion. From the beginning, Effie behaves, for the most part, as an inappropriate, selfish, and selfish diva, who is more interested in what anyone else can do for her rather than having a great interest in the group from which is part of it. When she is defeated by her group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude, the accusations are more than well grounded, but the show / film seems to believe that Effie should be cut unlimited just because she has a great voice. Even though the film is trying to attenuate some of Effie's stronger edges to make it more enjoyable, the allegations remain. Her story becomes more manipulative, suggesting she should have our sympathy because she is a crazy mother who is struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that (like the talent card) maternity immediately makes any excusable behavior. Indeed, the only effort the film makes to show Effie's mother is to tell us about it and then to include a scene where her daughter is beating in the office of unemployment, insists that her daughter has no "father" and then refuse to look for employment winners to support them, because singing is all he knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, the gaps could have been remedied with technique and charisma. Sadly, Hudson is not that actress. Sing well, but moments from dialogue do not come naturally to her and do not make emotional moments. Effie's signature moment (above and I'm Telling You ...) is well-played by Hudson, but he's flattered in the acting department. Effie should express her anger and despair over her situation, but Hudson emerges as a cabaret performer with a hot number. Overall, no emotional stress is expected. The second part of the film is essentially a predictable melancholy of the events that lead Foxx to Hudson's previous position and allows him to come back and master everyone. Foxx's criminal crimes in the film are undoubtedly parallel to many hard-core disc producers, but the apparent involvement of the film that he came from helping the inauguration of the disco era is ridiculous, we are talking pretentious and condescending, a film full of puddles. The end result is a true interpretation of the hit scene, drained by emotion, energy or anything else that can be described as dynamic.
