Funny I find myself compelled to review this movie, but here I am. I revise, because recently I had the chance to witness the rebirth of R.C. Sheriff's "End Journey's End" on the New York stage at Belasco Theater with Hugh Darcy, Boyd Gaines, Jefferson Mays and others, as well as David Grindley's director. theater shattered. I did not exaggerate, I was a fugitive. After almost two and a half hours of resuming a claustrophobic image of the soldier's life in Somme (speculated) soldiers, during the First World War, brought to life alive by all those involved, I came out of the theater with tremble. <br /> <br /> You think, I'm not slightly shocked, I'm not too sensitive. I'm a stage actor and a director, so I know the buttons are pressed to get some effects, both emotionally and psychologically. But what we just witnessed came so much to life that we had chills in the backbone when we left. None of these emotions came to life as he watched Aces High, the film based on this piece and even adapted for the screen, in co-operation with RC Sheriff himself shortly before he died. Adaptation of the screen takes place in the wilderness of France. So he left is the claustrophobic ambience of starting with. The only addition to the film is aerial combat scenes that show their dated special effects compared to today's standards, but still very valid in on-screen tactics. Some screen adaptations of "All Quiet on the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque were made on the screen, which took place in the trenches and not in the sky, but that was the "German" view on things if someone wanted to be pretentious for such things. "End Journey's" is just the other side of the medal and would have turned it into a great movie if left alone and intact. DVD transfer is poor even though in Widescreen and adapted for 16: 9 TV screens, the quality of the movie itself is that of a Cinema movie. Nothing more, nothing less. These are various defects, such as minor scratches and dots, although the copy for the rest is clean. If you want another WWI movie in your collection, especially for those who love and enjoy seeing aerial fights among the old chronics, then this is a picture for you. But I would rather suggest "Von Richthofen and Brown" as an alternative, though this is a film full of inaccuracies. For your rest, who love actors and dramas, I would leave this out. Buy the song. Go look at the song if you have the chance to get a decent invigoration near you, but keep up with this adaptation. It's an anti-war movie, awarded, but the worst I've ever seen in my life ever. The presence of actors such as Trevor Howard, Ray Milland, Richard Johnson and John Gielgud is just a bluff because they are seen very weakly and very, McDowell, very talented, Christopher Plummer, Simon Ward and Peter Firth, offers very poor performance, not because of the lack of skills, but rather because of the lack of true and steady direction. There are too many loopholes in it, and as I said before, it is drawing to the dubious end. Dubious because in the original song, none of the people we know and sympathize with, stay alive. Everyone is killed in a fatal and useless mission. In the movie, everyone dies, except for Malcolm McDowell, who manages to stay alive one more day, being the commander of an unlucky crowd's wings, just to get three more pilots to fly and die for another lost cause. /> The end of the song leaves an empty scene in total darkness. Once you hear the cannon guns, the machine guns and the impact of the grenade in the theater. Then, suddenly, total peace and silence. The curtain comes. Lights. And here they are all. Aligned, standing straight and rigid. Hidden Corpses ... much more interesting and much more shocking than the final "Aces High", which is also dragged by the hair. It's up to you to judge. <br /> <br /> For me, if I had the money and contacts to do this, I would take my game and develop it as it meant. Adding here and there an action scene in the field, just to visualize the "external" horror and slaughter that unfolds in the "vast field of France" around the men involved, but then focusing strictly on what is happening , in that a small "boat" on the edge of health and the world ... <br /> <br /> Want such a movie? <br /> <br /> Then ask them. That's not it.
