Before I start, I would like to say briefly that this film itself is very well done and acted well by all those involved, including Whittaker, who really deserves his appointment. It's really fun too. . . taken in the context of right as a work of FICTION, is a very good film. For this, I give her the two stars. However, rather than waste your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want instead to emphasize the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell to people a fictional work as if it were the truth. I point out that this movie nowhere in credit allows us to know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it portrays this character in a real historical context, allowing the uninformed viewer to assume that he was, in fact, true, and what he sees is the truth. I have no problem with the mixture of deeds and fiction - but doing this in such a dishonest matter is, in a word, condemnable. There can be no doubt that Africa, along with the world's third largest countries are full of misery and human suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture the suffering of people in these countries in the film. But also, Hollywood has eyes to make money. The only real way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere, except for the West, is either to know it for yourself, or at least to capture it in an honest document. But these descriptions of fictional characters in real historical settings can do so much. At the end of the day, they become less about presenting the facts to the spectator to decide for himself and more about driving you from picture to image and striking your head screaming, "SEE, YOU HAVE YOU VERY MUCH! " The example signal of this can be found by anyone who wants to watch the DVD documentary after being in the movie. Perhaps the most shocking picture of the film is watching Kay Amin's body, the second wife of Idi, whom he killed when he discovered his infidelity. In the film, we see that its limbs have been separated and re-attached to the back (leg arms and vice versa). This is the director making sure you realize that Amen is, as Gunganii say, Bom-bad! But looking at the documentary, we find that this is nothing but a myth, which the Health Minister, when he himself tells us that it is not true. . . what the . . . they only do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a weak opinion about our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust ourselves to arrive at a correct conclusion. Look, she was killed and dismembered enough to conclude that Amin was not the good guy she portrayed for the media - we do not need the inspired image of Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE to reinforce that! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What is also not explained to the viewer is that the main character Garrigan is himself fictional. There was no young Scottish doctor taken under the wing of Amin. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only to help us understand the Western world. Producers seem to say that we will not be interested in a film about Africa if there is no white face. (Ironically, the title owner is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer an exposure of Amin and his regime, but a exploiting thriller about a white western man coming to Africa for all the wrong reasons , making more horrible mistakes and then "redeeming" himself, even at the price of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I have to say that it is almost condemnable to suggest that Mrs Amin's real death was the result of a meeting with a Scottish fiction doctor - it almost seems to be a morbid joke for the sake of entertainment! I really want Hollywood to stop betraying our money. I first realized his own tendency to do this with the amazing manipulator, "A BEAUTIFUL MIND", Ron Howard, and the sweet-sweet adaptation of Akva Goldsman's life of John Nash, who eliminated the darker part of man to present only the tortured hero that America can Do not get it. The sad truth is that Hollywood sells these forgeries for years, and viewers, who are predictable and understandable too lazy or inconvenient to look for themselves, buy these false portraits, hook, line, and diving. <br /> <br /> Look, I certainly do not suggest that Amin is turned into a bastard that he did not. My point is that, with the truth so shocking to convince us of the brutality of the man, why do we have to go to Hollywood at such fictional lengths? Why do we have to insult Hollywood by taking our hands through these movies? Why do not they trust us to think about ourselves? Can not we put the honest screens on the screen and let the audience decide on their own? I urge all those who continue to pursue truly "true" Hollywood movies to help you ALWAYS investigate for you and NEVER suppose that what is on the screen is really close to the truth!
