Forest Whitaker's performance is all the more impressive because it's almost worthwhile to stand by this road. "Historical fiction" does not justify changing history. Absurdity begins with the imaginary lead character played by James McAvoy. To create a fictitious observer in order to give the reader a point of reference in the book it is regrettable, regrettable that white people can not only read a book without a white protagonist to connect, but at least he was placed in a non- somewhat passive role. Making a fake historical actor and crediting this fiction by exposing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy, and stupid. The fact that the actions of this creature are not made credible or even sane are just criminal and opened the movie door like the one he intends to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as an Enron warning hero who DOES NOT EXIST. The logic of the world does not apply to this film in which a Scottish kid thinks it is good to sleep with the wife of a murder dictator. It does not apply if the dictator's wife wants to sleep with a white, stupid, irresponsible, white boy. Besides, anyone who is lying down to sleep with this arrogant, irresponsible, arrogant white boy has even left Gillian Anderson licking his beautiful cakes. Let me say I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him, but I thought Mr. Tumnus of Narnia was creepy and perverse. I think Kerry Washington would never look at him twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a dangerous man like Amin would risk losing his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I do not see the appeal. His character seems to have far more arrogance than it would make sense and trying to make him look like a bastard in cow shooting was just ... this word again ... absurd. Think about looking at all these characters who doubt the knots to host this incredible main character and that there never was such a guy. Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker delivers extraordinary magnetic performance and emphasized, with his incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches, how much he acted. It is a shame that the movie around him has no reason to exist.
