"Women are all scrubs ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; not at all! This is behind the previous year's "Army of the Father" ensemble, completely depriving the small, special magical magicality of the original sitcom of television, and failing to play with the big screen ... you could say that this movie is good a declining UK, and more precisely, even a British * film industry * that has declined. And it's not a recommendation, is it? To be a copy of the madness of sorrow ... All that remains after the subtlety of the original TV has been surgically removed by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: endless, dilapidated musical, yawning, Ron Grainer theme ... sentimentalism sustained (the end, with the thick end that ends ... how bold the second Steptoe movie seems to be) an increased sowing - with the director and writers who seem to be completely detached - something like "wrong monstrosity "(really on this site) in 1973," Mutations ". There is an extraordinary weird tone about the scene where Harold is beaten in a rugby club, which I hate and I recaptured (so far, as a friend told me, from the state of mind TV series ...), but this seems at least an original and emblematic version of the tensions that just grew up to boiling in Britain in 1972 ... There is, however, an implicit prostitute as a "golden heart" transforms into a free woman - traveler 'pon poor auld' Arold - and beyond the cartoon writing the "class" element; not to mention, surprisingly fast-judged performances from habitually reducible drivers. Brambell and Corbett coincide with the script and, indeed, fail to heal it from an essential ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock do from all this ...? I'm just going to lay off that a few moments of work - especially those in which G & S is playing a little more closely and B & C touches the bidders' nerves - is not an undiscovered business as a whole. <br /> <br /> But, and how bothers me this: it is tedious, boring, so separated from reality and what the TV series made and also fully in agreement with lazy, , a misogynist 'fuck', that will do ... the actuality of many of what was allowed to go for the mainstream movie in the UK of the time.
