All right, let me re-recognize that I have not seen other movies of ivory merchants (distributor). I have not seen more of the director's famous works, so my ability to discuss before the rain outside the film itself is attenuated. With this admission, let me start. Before the rain is another kind of film that does not know what kind of genre it wants to be. At first, it is supposed to be a love story. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with a character of support, is separate from the character of support and is (sometimes) united with his partner. The hero of this movie has already won the heart of his lover, but he can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani, and they live in southern India during the days of the Raj (British imperial rule). Henry was away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian maid despite the legal marriage and child from abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak in for the intimate afternoon until some children notice them. The word spreads to Sajani's husband, who casts doubt on his involvement in Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his devotion to him and kills himself. Note that these events appear in the third part of the movie. The film turns into a tone and becomes a crime of murder in its final parts. Sajani's body is discovered even while Moores's family comes to visit her. The alleged perpetrator is the assistant of Moores, T.K. T. K. knows the business of his master, but keeps silent until his life gets threatened. Once declared innocent, she tries to regain her honor by hitting Moores. T. K. it's too squeamish and leave it in a dirt road like rain fall. I want to alert you, this is not a romantic movie. The DVD cover and theatrical posters show that an Indian woman and a Caucasian man embrace her in an ideal tropical setting. This image is captured directly from the movie opening, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems to be an effort to capitalize on the Western fixation of the forbidden love. It's not at all effective. Not only is the movie not a love story, but its characters have no personality. There are cliché packs of walking. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, T.K's intelligence. T. K. is broken between his own legacy and his educational environment. Sajani is a woman incapable of having a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and, of course, Moores' family is curious about Sajani's death, but a little bit racist about the Indians. If the tone was not so severe, I would be willing to ignore these problems, but it is not. The film is presented with a teaching emphasis that emphasizes the poor character's evolution. No, this movie is not terrible. Other than the ridiculous scenario, it's not poor. The actors are all experienced and have good performances here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, is part of the wonderful Indian drama "Apa". Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently watched The Terrorist, part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to direct this film because of a short one he saw in Israel called Red Roses. Apparently, the story was "endless," and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in the 1930s in India. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan would have been too motivated this time. Actors, cinema and scenography are accepted, but if you do not share Sivan's aura, you probably will not enjoy it. My recommendation is to assume that you are not in agreement with it and to follow something else. Final Consensus: * and ½ of *****
