Although the actors do a compelling job playing the losers who parade on the screen, the fact that these characters are impossible to identify, I watched my watch only 20 minutes in the movie (and more than once after that). The development of the plot is disjointed and slow, the verbal diarrhea of ​​the main friend of the main character is virtually inadequate, the basic quality of most of the character's actions and the cavalier mode he treats is annoying. <br /> <br /> It is typical for Ventura Pons to stage mental handicapped characters. However, this faux sociological analysis is a big step from CARICIAS or Caresses, where the characters hurt and despise each other for well-grounded reasons that took place during that film. In AMOR IDIOTA, we are forced to follow the path of a truly subnormal intelligence as he crosses a depressed and detached woman. This is supposed to be due to its own depression, but the scenario does not support it. Will I give the rest of the story only if there are masochists there? Is he healed by his obsession or is the woman shocked by his own depression by his steady attention? Even though I looked at everything I was not allowed for even a moment about any of them. If you can stand in all these prejudices, ignorance, betrayal, stupid dialogue, thin philosophy, etc? working with the room was good enough and seems to be something inspired by the DOGMA group. Also, the makeup seemed to aim to present these players in rough and rough light, as it is the worst I've seen on Cayetana Guillen Cuervo in any of her films (while in person it's actually attractive). I suppose if the idea is that we should be forced to see the bottom layers of society, so to be grateful that we are not part of it, then Pons has reached its goal. The barrage of almost identical sexual scenes was a good film waste (if the actors had been filmed, but with blue green clothing, the background behind them could have been changed into the special effects studio for a break). True, I have heard that much of the masculine audience shakes in their seats during this vision, but an objective view proves that it was not the real purpose of these scenes. Save yourself and look for something else.
