I can understand after seeing it again for the first time in many years as it is considered one of the most serious of Laurel & Hardy. For me, it's not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters," but there are some enormous flaws in it. The film is designed to show Laurel and Hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is funny as the lead of a Bridge Bridge in London, surrounded by 20th century starlets, while in the next room, Laurel teaches the beginner ballet while wearing a ballerina costume. A carpenter carpenter shakes the glue on the floor, leading to a predictable gag if Hardy ends more freely. Then came the rockets, which now sell insurance covering the rocket. One of them is a very young and beautiful Robert Mitchum. But do not beat boys to buy insurance anymore, they're arrested. This is the end of gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to Laurel and Hardy's support of wealthy businessman Trudy Marshall and beloved inventor Robert Bailey. They first try to help them conceal their relationship from their disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and the one who wonders altogether, Allan Lane, about which we can say is a good pig. This leads to Briggs' hidden bar being revealed to Dumont about tea, and a gag in which a carpet is literally taken out of the rich patriarch who crashes his bed into a pond beneath. When Bailey uses boys to show his ray of rays, the pandemonium appears. The dead button - Case and Dumont announce that their home is on fire. Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to earn money to pay for their rental studio rental and hopes to take Laurel to break a foot to do so. There is no reference to the fact that insurance vendors were gangsters and that policy would probably be invalid. (Even if he had become a legitimate insurance agent after being arrested, their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel gets down from a driver-abandoned bus over a supposedly mad dog (just a covered ice cream, a tooth-like tooth-like tooth-cake), causing Oliver to take a stroll on the beach - - somehow the bus got on, perfectly fitting its wheels on the tracks. Roll-coaster gags can be exciting, as shown by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood," and this is fun, but anti-limetic. As the story packs, all of these gags seem to have no point, giving the impression that it was simply a series of monitors that put together to make it a long-lasting feature, hopefully it's part of from a double invoice. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, lost a lot of shine after leaving Hal Roach's employees, but surprising here they are not as old and tired as in movies made in the same year. If gags were not as fun as other films, this would certainly have a "2", unlike a "3".
