For fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and beyond were a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios have expired and were now "free agents" - able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired boys had absolutely no harm to their comic talents. Plus, Stan and Ollie were much older and saw these geriatric men taking pratfalls seemed sad, not very funny. Stan was very shaken and Ollie's weight was ballooning to the point where she could barely go - so they made me feel uncomfortable laughing at their very, very sedentary ancestor. In addition to their age, this particular film suffers from the fact that Fox Studios gave them a strange role as a support and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that reduced their time on screen and turned them into tiny "hangers" instead of simply being themselves. A cute and cute Stan and Ollie are very strangers to the old Laurel and Hardy in the 1920s and 1930s - and they seemed weird and strange and they did not fit them at all. Now, even with their age, it was a decent film if it was given decent writing and if the neat studio appeared - and it's pretty obvious that I'm using "Unit B" here - with at least second-class support. In particular, there is very little laughter, and the last 10 minutes of the movie are simply terrible - relying solely on a fresh screen designed for the stupid tracking scene - which could be just one of the worst of its kind in history film. <br /> <br /> For lovers of mind-numbered zombies by Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they'll love. But for team lovers who are willing to evaluate this film honestly with their stunning movies sooner, it just comes really wanting. In fact, from all their pre-1940 feature films, I can not think of one that I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, from the post-1940s, this could only be one of the best. Unfortunately, it was much worse - with bloody movies, such as BIG NOISE and NO QUESTIONS. I just want the boys to retire after the seaside saps. Finally, I wonder if all of the general reviews for this movie on IMDb could reflect the love of the team's reviewers more than just an indication that this is a good movie? For an audience that is NOT already in love with the team, I do not know how to make this movie, but it will wear the audience - it will certainly NOT convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comedy geniuses. But even comedian geniuses need materials worthy of their talent.
