This film uses all art cliches (slow rhythm, long static photos, minimal amount of dialogue) to try to hide the fact that nothing really deserves to be seen here: there is no plot to talk about, the characters are heavy to lead) or the cliché (the character of Tersteeghe) and never talks about what their unfortunate life is about. The film focuses around a woman who is at the adultery of her husband. Instead of confronting him, she takes a half-hearted avenge by committing herself. After a fight and a reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without saying it - she asks her husband not to try to cheat her anymore. They seem to come together as a family. Two other stories - the planned move of the old woman's father with his young wife to Guernsey and her rivalry with the woman's sister - do not offer any exciting evolution. The suicide of a female colleague who appears to create events in the film is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year for that - is not enough to make an exciting movie. Moreover, what minor dramatic development scenarios exist in the scenario are not used or are avoided consciously, as when both her woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture in their father's house that will be sold out of the cause of the planned move. Both sisters want this particular piece and given their rivalry in the past - things much more important than furniture: men - this could lead theoretically to a confrontation. Or the problem could be solved by a sister who would let the other go. However, this would not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it would be a development. The film clearly sets out this situation (both sisters look intensely at each other during the bookmark and a sister said she does not want to draw straw), but it saves us from any resolution: the scene ends simply. it is rather cumbersome and materialistic itself - the problem is solved, it is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue in the movie is amazingly flat and warm. For example, when visiting Guernsey, the two sisters are addressing their rivalry, they are in a three-line dialogue that has a "yes, it is, not," ring. The scene of struggle and reconciliation with the two sisters is totally devoid of dialogue - giving an extremely artificial impression, too stylized and unrealistic, and greatly reducing its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - addresses her husband's adultery in a single dialogue line, must be seen to be believed - and is, at the same time, absolutely unbelievable. The husband does not appear to have any visible reaction or if he has one, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her own adultery against her husband. The scene showing the woman, husband and son sleeping on a plane, seen by the sister, may be considered a happy ending, but the way the characters approached the problems of their lives in what happened before did this unlikely. > <br /> Because of the slow rhythm, the uninteresting story, the lead direction, and the absurd lack of dialogue, we found this film an example of all things that may be wrong with an art film and a total loss of time .
