I do not know what I lost here, but I can not believe all these positive comments made by so many people about this movie. I thought it was bad and a little overhead. I liked the performances of Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker, but the others were just ... boring. Now I like B movies, indeed, but this was a bit further down the alphabet for me. I saw someone who compared the humor and horror to this with "The Dark Army" and "The Shaun of the Dead," as well as "On The Hair with The Re-Animator." I think you are joking. I did not find this funny movie, it tried, made an effort (maybe too much of an effort), but it did not succeed in my opinion. The moment I was hit with the third or fourth one-line, I rolled my eyes and checked my watch. There has certainly been a tribute to several other films that are always cold, a joke inside us for horror fans. But here it may have been just a lack of original thinking. Of course, there were some beautiful special effects, good gore, but I can not wear a whole movie. Mutant Grant looked like a cross between Jabba Hut and the incipient stages of the mutation - Chet from "Weird Science" (after being transformed into a monster) and one of the "Explorators" foreign creators / children. It simply did not work. I thought it would have seemed like a 5th-grade craftsman could have been designed. Then it was Brenda, the woman Grant impregnated and tied it to the barn. When help finally came, it looked like a huge cigarette waiting to be thrown away. The design once again was completely unimaginable. A rounded balloon with a face in the middle. Now about zombies - The more movies I see with zombies these days, the more I would like George A. Romero to have a patent on them and was the only author / director authorized to make movies about them. He's the only person who did it right now, except for Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but this was a comedy). Oh, and Danny Boyle, but they were a different Zombie style. Perhaps Mr. Romero ruined the zombie film for me because of his ingenious ability to make his actors die, groan and grumble as if their joints were dry and lacking even a drop of synovial fluid and their muscles struggles with the effects caused by the mortis stiffness that had begun to set up just before being re-animated. The "Wheelsy" people just did not have the right reason ... they were Oribian zombies. So finally give "Slither" a 3, for a few laughs and some beautiful gore scenes.
