Slither is a horror comedy that does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has only one scene that is extremely good, any number of zingers that work, but very few really scared and not humor enough to keep the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and the heroine, and stops in several places. A major failure of this film is that he introduces and then lets his hero (Fillion) follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) when he is first introduced and then becomes a monster. The whole part of the movie pulls - Michael Rooker's character is not as exciting for us as a person, and following as he goes through a series of moves while acting in the monster's interest it might be interesting if he were Grant - The portrait of a man Turning into a monster rather than a film of alien invasion. Ultimately, the problems of this movie are in the scenario - it is not so important for the audience how the monster acts or propagates. The purpose of a horror comedy is to make the heroes come back in a corner with their rifles and then throw bugs on them, with them cracking wise whenever something horrible or disgusting happens. Instead, we will get an exploration of the alien tactics and tactics that make this part of the movie drawn. The prominent error (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more important in this respect, but I still felt that the film left its narrative if it did not intend to follow Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his pose finally face the stranger the film begins to cook, but once again the problem is in the scenario. By this point, the audience knows - and the characters should know - that Grant does not suffer only from a certain disease and acts accordingly (kid) - instead, they continue to paralyze in the face of growing evidence that it is not something that "you at a hospital "will help. Although their reactions could have been human and real, they are characters in an action movie and should simply have done what the promised film - the action being taken. The lack of action scenes in a movie with few ideas is that it is a big failure. *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the outbreak of the foreign larval bag (a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the movie) the script again betrays the movie. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by a stranger and develops a stranger's understanding. Writer-director (Gunn) chooses this character as a whole new character, rather than one of the minor characters already developed. Why? Why did he have to introduce a whole new character, more than an hour, into the movie that becomes the centerpiece of the plot? When this character is attacked, we do not know anything about him and we can care less about her, even if she is a wonderful teenager in the bathroom. If Gunn decided not to use this character and just used one of the minor set characters, he could have completely avoided the introduction of his family and saved time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been complemented in alien plans without all the extra characters and could have come around to blow foreigners earlier and with more force. My last criticism is based on the aspect of the movie. Gunn is primarily a writer, or maybe budget constraints, but this film seemed ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place in the forest or in the field, and the screen is simply unseen. The Wheelsy sets (the fictional city where the action takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo says the film budget was $ 15 million, newspapers say $ 29 million, and since they did not use any talent, I would say the money did not appear on the screen. The monster is just a repellent and rarely looks dead. The last criticism is based primarily on the reality of the character's actions. Until Fillion and Co began to hunt Grant / Alien, a woman disappeared, and Grant is known to have mutilated animals. At this point I expected the FBI or at least the State Police to show up and take control of Hick Sheriff. A woman has disappeared and was probably killed, and a locally acting psychotic. It's time to call the authorities. But basically, we hope this will happen because I wanted just a few characters that would appear ACT. Although this movie is apparently a horror comedy, the movie has the most similar to Dreamcatcher in terms of monstrous invasion and monster type and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much more trouble with the story (especially the entire Morgan Freeman subplot) and especially the end, in many ways it was stronger, primarily because the main characters were stronger, but more important because they looked beautiful . Although this may be anathema - preferring the film that is weaker in the general plot and the structural backbone due to the production values ​​- which shows you just how uninterestingly I found Slither's appearance.
