Normally, I only write reviews for movies that I really liked or even liked. And, as you can probably tell from the number of stars there, I did not like it. So far, I suppose you've read about the plot, or maybe you've seen the movie, so I'll go over the summary. Break it up, pros and cons: <br /> <br /> Cons: Concept: The premise was set to be interesting. Using Chaos theory as a theme was interesting. However, it has not been done so well. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to me that the theory of chaos was somewhat misleading. The event that took place in the film seemed to be a coincidence to the contrary. I think the Butterfly effect was represented by the entire "God (s) causing the tsunami to bring back the statue." The presentation appears to be truly unfortunate. Some people call this smart, but it seems to be another action movie in the soul. <br /> <br /> The story: Is it just me, or does it seem that Kamal has just thrown this together to give him an excuse to play ten roles? The plot is highly controversial; Govind continues to lose his vial often in obscure accidents (his friend just happens to mix the bottle with a package he was sending to India, a crazy old man is going to throw the bottle in an idol, half the distribution is happening they meet unexpectedly in the same hospital, and the idol case happened to mix with one that belonged to a famous singer.) CGI: Oh God, CGI. It was even worse than the special effects of Jaws 3 and those with aspiration. Immediately, I could say which parts were animated. Even my 10-year-old cousin knows that underwater cars do not look like that. Stunts: Yes, now the action scenes in Tamil films are not realistic, but the waterfalls in this were horrible and actually distract me from the story. up: I have to admit they did a better job than expected. I thought Kamal would play people with similar skin tones, so the two white guys and the fake Japanese Aikido guy surprised me. However, it was still quite bad, I could easily tell which one of them wore masks. Songs: Music was fun and out of place in many cases. <br /> <br /> Asin: Her character was probably the most annoying of the movie. He was loud, dull and obsessively obsessed with that idol. In fact, I realized he wanted to die. Plush holes and refrigerator Logic: Let me understand: a laboratory monkey was intelligent enough to go through a password-locked door but not smart enough to tell the difference between a chocolate bar and a bottle with a deadly virus in him. And then, a former CIA agent, after the wick, shows that he's headed for India. Instead of following her, she first marries a field dancer. A well-known singer from Punjabi, who carried out cancer controls, entered a third-city hospital when he could easily afford the best medical treatment available. Moreover, he is shot in the throat with a bullet. You think he's gonna be killed, but the magical bullet clears his tumor. You read this, a BULLET shot down the tumor. <br /> <br /> Pro ... The character Naidu: Probably the only pleasant part of the film was his comedy.
