Containing virtual reality, computer potential, communicating with the past, continuing to express your identity in a constraining and fascinating Ada Byron Lovelace portrayed by fascinating Tilda Swinton, this movie should have been great. But it is terrible if you think of potential! The actor - besides Tilda Swinton and Karen Black - from tolerant to atrocious. The construction of the plot is inconvenient to say the least - the modern programmer is a boring character, but half of the film is spent to establish its character, and when Ada finally appears, it's about telling the events in her life, not to present an interesting story (Swinton almost draws this though, though). You never know it fully as a real person, just an icon from a student's history work. Digital effects, such as a digital dog and a bird, are unpleasant and distracting, considering it was 1997 and not 1985. And finally, the scenario is bad. Wrong, often pretentious speech - especially the battles between the programmer and her boyfriend that made me change my mind - cold and distant characters and a zero attempt to create a sense of wonder. The programmer successfully contacts a person in the past! Amazing! But she does not seem to surprise anyone, and her boyfriend says, "Be careful!" (Although we do not give any idea then or later why it might be dangerous and never seems dangerous.) Also, despite the computers and Ada Lovelace and her love of mathematics, it is clear that nobody involved the script had mathematical or computer knowledge - any reference to these topics is encountered as a complete mumbo jumbo that defies any suspension of unbelief. A scene, by the end of the year, the film is pretty good, a monologue by Tilda Swinton, who expresses sadness about the fragility of life, but about her joy in that life. Strong, passionate and wise, seems to be abandoned in another film. So I'm disappointed with this movie, because it's a missed opportunity for a fascinating worship movie. If you find the interesting topic, you may want to rent it, but be warned. See Orlando for a much better examination of gender roles in history with excellent performance by Tilda Swinton. <br /> <br /> Spoiler / Question: * * <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, Ada asks her memories not to be kept (in what I thought was the best scene in the movie ). But then the modern day programmer seems to do it anyway, transferring memories to her little girl (hence the title of the film). Am I right that the programmer violated the wishes of Ada without struggling with her? Or is it another confusing point of intrigue that I misinterpret?
