I'm kind of a person who went down to the local library and read books about Babbage's differentiation engine while my colleagues were playing football. So if there is such a topic as a target audience for this movie, then I think it probably would be included in it. Maybe I need to see him again. A former commentator said he would not watch this movie while he was tired. Maybe that was my fault. I tried everything I like to enjoy this film and there are issues I like, but generally I found it amateur and pretty fruitful. <br /> <br /> Doing somewhat of a self-recognized computer thing, I just can not help thinking about the exact time the movie was made and how the chart used reflects that time (1997). Playing games of the era c. "Mind Grind", to quote an example, this film can not escape that 16-bit red res multimedia blast. Now, fortunately, this has fallen a bit in the last few years in the gaming world, at least in favor of the real game. I have to look at this film through a German FTA television channel (as I do not think it has ever been broadcast on UK FTA TV, not quite recently, anyway), I was a little amused to see the end of the Gottdog faith God dog) had 4 people working on his design. Perhaps I miss myself to be amused, given that it has been ten years since the film, but the end result makes filmmaking in the 1980s look good by comparison. for the main story, I agree that format is not the best idea. Like others, I agree that Ada deserves a film without the SF angle, and that a more biographical approach would be more appropriate to cover the story of this remarkable lady. There are fundamental mistakes that undermine my joy over this film. First of all, the basic idea that has somewhat lost some of the real-world information from the past can be accurately reconstructed through some sort of extrapolation through intelligent software-based agents, seems somewhat ridiculous. the film that a computing device can really predict the mechanics of all things over time (for example, the winds) is now known to be inappropriate. Okay, so the Victorians could have kept this point of view, but Gödel's 20th century works prove that no mathematical system can be complete, Turing's work on computational limits, not to mention chaos theory and quantum mechanics have totally undermined those ideas that seem central to the way the software researcher should work. Finally, mouse click in the air to mean "programming" is also simply wrong, as mentioned earlier. it might have been okay, but at least technically, scientific advice would have given a film a necessary credit in terms of credibility stakes. I will not forget the movie, like "Pi", it is clearly a unique work, but with many fatal mistakes for me to really enjoy, 3/10 from me.
