This movie bothers me. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I do not have 400 blows. Everything I read about this movie was a total coveted, but I could not remain interested. I'm sure it was just as revolutionary in film production, as all critics say, but when it boils up to it, it's really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, maybe I'm not "sensible" or "artful" enough, but I hate this movie anyway. The story itself is not bad; it is a French young man who is treated unfairly by his parents and teachers, and ultimately he gets into a juvenile institution. In itself, it should be interesting and it was at the beginning. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but again it's hard to say because half of the conversations were not subtitled and no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for the dialogue I could understand, it made sense. The actors were credible enough, but it is hard to say what would a real person do in these situations. So feel for the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble, you think that's sucks. The land is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he faces more troubles than the last time, but the reasons do not vary much. And throughout the movie you realize that nothing really can make the main character about him. So it's more than just waiting to see how it's over. The end, by the way, was completely overhead. It's too artistic for me and I have not. Leading to the end was easy enough to follow. The structure was certainly there, and it made sense also, but everything was really pulled. For the amount of dialogue and significant moments, the film could have been a shorter hour. It just is not over. Some of these were long-lasting useless photographs, of which none was particularly memorable; for example, the ending was a clip of the main character that took place on a country road that lasted for thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure it had some deeper meaning in it somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd have preferred to have gotten to get more food at that time. Or at least it did something more useful than sitting and looking at that running boy to get my laundry or take a nap. <br /> <br /> Ultimate Verdict <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the movie was that it would probably be very moving and amazing and that it would teach me a great life lesson if I could get what the director trying to say through it? unique decisions. As I felt, I felt cheated for two hours of my life.
