A star. That's all this documentary is worth. I did not feel disappointed in watching a movie, not to mention a documentary, for some time. I'm a great fan of the "Walking With ..." series, including Nigel Marvin's spin-offs, for all of their entertaining, entertaining but informative fun information. And although the subject of a prehistoric man never interested me as much as other prehistoric creatures, the subject is still interesting and unique to explore. After seeing all the other documents in the series, I thought I should also see this, especially after seeing relatively good reviews elsewhere. Well, for those who did a good review of this doc ... what did you think ?! lol. Although the information they were able to get was interesting, the presentation failed in any way possible. He had a terrific flow, was incredibly stubborn in what he was trying to say (with scrambled information and sometimes out of place), horrific effects (including some moments of CGI and especially makeup effects), and much used MTV style room effects. Speaking of the effects of makeup, a commentator mentioned here how ridiculous the scene was when cavemen came over this huge monkey and look much like a horror film of 70 years. Well, there are a lot of moments, as were the people who portrayed monkey men looked ridiculously and acted ridiculously. None of these are helped by the horrible positions and compositions of the cameras. The worst part of all is that none of them is presented in an interesting or dynamic way, or it looks real from a distance. It does not even seem to have been taken seriously. He also had no emotional punch for the series predecessors. Remember the episode of "Dinosaur Walking" about the fate of Ornithochoria (sp?)? This episode makes me stand on tears every time I watch her. It's a kind of commitment to the subject that does not have more than anything here. When you're more involved in the subject and it's a personal story, even one that's just speculation, you care more about the facts that surround it. The only rescue harps of this production are fairly good narration (at least in the BBC version we have seen) and music. Otherwise, you do not even bother to rent this if you do not want to laugh well (what I did frequently, but usually followed by rolling eyes). This is not on the shelf with other "Walking With ..." documents, and does it make sense to know that this document was not produced or directly involved with the same people who made others in the series? Hmmm ...
