This movie called "the four hundred strokes" is a misinterpretation. Do les 400 "means" to live a wild life. As a French, I am amazed when I see the popularity of this good film, but in no way wonderful. (1958), "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958) by Alain Resnais (1958), "Le Beau Serge" (1958) by Claude Chabrol, are the antecedents of the film "New Vague." From a historical point of view, "les 400 couples" comes from. 2. "Vague Nouvelles" was sometimes weighted and difficult compared to their predecessors: overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret and many others were doomed to forget. You have never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder) laugh at, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder.So, thanks to Truffaut and co, some people will never find stones of fifty or forty French years ("sous le ciel de Paris", "douce" of Autant-Lara, "une and jolie petite plage" and "manèges"). went to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. The "Les 400 race" is rather technically disappointing: it is very academic, the story is equally linear, the teachers are caricatures, and the Claire Maurier mother offers such memorable lines that you must be French around 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is): Well, your father only has his patent (junior high school diploma) and, as far as I am concerned, I have only a high school diploma! You must know that around 1960, almost 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should have been proud of his mother after all! She wants him to have a degree, who can blame her? 4. In comparison to the "Hiroshima mon amour" innovations, which presents a new form and a new "fragmented" content, "les 400" is in significance. Truffaut will learn a new form only with Jules and Jim, helped by incomparable Jeanne Moreau. 5. Interpretation is rather rigid, Jean-Pierre Léaud, which can be said to be called in English, is still decent, but will degenerate in most of the most affected generations. 6. The subject = The childhood stolen had better days before (Julien Duvivier's "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunuel's "los olvidados") and I will have (Kes "Kes" of Kenneth Loach "Kes" I beat Truffaut, his film is not bad, but frankly, French film fans prefer "Jules and Jim" "l'enfant sauvage" (an honest, true and commercial film without compromise on a blame) "l 'argent de poche' (just as academic as "400 hit by the state", but much more fun) or Hitchcock's passionate "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
