Semana Santa is bad luck. It's so wrong in many ways where I have no place to start. So let's see ... Mira Sorvino, whose judge husband was shot while protecting her, leaves Madrid to Seville for her police. During the holy week (Semana Santa, see ... ... everyone starts to fall asleep .. said he was sick at many points, right from the start), a killer runs his victims like bulls in a hurry, a bullfighting arena. She joins the male chauvinist pig Olivier Martinez and the beautiful Feodor Atkine. Soon he discovers that he will be the next target of the killer (wearing a red dress). Why, oh, but why? Why ... that's the question that was in my head the whole movie. Q: Why did I go to see that A: Because he loves Mira Sorvino (and even an excuse for that stupidity at first glance) Q: Why were there just eight people in the theater this week on the first day end of launch? A: ah-ah-ah. The spider-man rehabilitated the same day. But also that the movie was explosive with accurate reviews. Q: Why was this movie made? A: Money assumes. But the boy made Mira need money. Then why ???????????? First of all, there is always something wrong with European co-productions. here you have a French-English-German-Italian-Spanish-Danish production. yi ha. Then he wants to play the same game as American thrillers / slasher / whodunit / mysteries / whatever. Even VALENTINE, though useless, scripted and shot, was much better in suspense and fun. Then, to give credit to history, the screenwriter wanted to add a political story to the story. Wrong: done in flash-backs in a Traffic photo, is certainly the most exciting thing in the movie. We could have stayed with him, I should not have stayed in the whole movie. Better go straight to Guillermo del Tros "DEVIL'S BACKBONE" (El espinazo del diablo) for smart fun. Then homophobia. Bullseye! The first victims are S & M drug addicted gems who were stabbed to death. Martinez's annoying Olivier goes to a dating agency owned by a heavy-haired transvestite overweight with a blonde platinum wig. The character of Mira Sorvino appears a great dam all the time. Do we need stuff like this? Nah. Just unnecessary offensive remarks, just like ol'times. Then the suspense. Yipee. No apparent reason. The first crimes are simple illusions, as they represent a representation of famous paintings. But no. And the disclosure of the killer (a horrible fascist, of course) could have been made from the beginning, as it appears at the end of the film, because I think it was time for the director to say "the fifth film, to reveal right now who the killer is and why kill ". Then the director thinks he's a director. Wrong: no sense of suspense, no sense of leading the actors, no knowledge of rhythm change. A giant, mega-boring. The scenes of the holy week are useless (perhaps a co-production rule that says: Well, shoot in Seville, but show some credits to this beautiful and historic city with Easter holidays.) Then the actors, all the mistakes. Mira Sorvino suicides to death: practically nothing else but to be stabbed in his right hand. Everything he did best (The Replacement Crime, Mighty Aphrodite ...) was as if he had never existed. Martinez ... hello, somebody here When the producers will learn that they are not an actor but a mannequin without the ability to speak or feel Feodor Atkine, weak and transparent We only give great respect to Alida Valli, one of the greatest actresses of the last century (and I hope for more roles at the moment) .It is the main attraction here, because she is the only one who gives her life to its bad lines.I will not mention the other actors because they are just the person is unilateral, uninteresting and shallow. Incoherent direction, unconscious actors, implausible plot. The incarnate idiot. <br /> <br /> Superwonderscope says: 1 <br /> <br />
