It is an axiom by Frank Zappa that "musical journalism is a man who can not write interviewing people who can not talk to people who can not read." If you need proof that musicians can not talk, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at depth are prevented from ending up in monosyllabic comments that are in terrible voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This movie is pretentious, but while much of Youssou N'Dour's pontification and his gang of cheerful men (and a token woman's grill), music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the film (which I consider to be the main idea out of the commentary) is interesting. To gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and guide them through the various music styles that grew up in and from slavery back to their roots in West African music and a concert in the old slave fort in Gorée off the coast of Senegal . We are treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations, including fantastic slides in both New Orleans and Senegal. There are a lot of N'Dour's own compositions. Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It's never clear what N'Dour wants himself. To some extent, the film seems to be a self-promotion exercise by N'Dour. He wants to play his music, sing to some extent, and behave in the company of a group of musicians he admire. He is clearly a bit embarrassed by this and at the beginning of the film he gets the blessing of the curator from the Gorée Museum. The conflict between different agendas shows through several other places. For example, someone clearly felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel chorus, but N'Dour and most of his colleagues are Muslims (a point repeatedly throughout the movie) . The whole early sequence involving black Christians is uncomfortable and then disappear from the story until the group of close harmony (the only black Christians who can wear a tone?) Returns to Dakar at the end of the film. (To be fair, they return triumphantly and perform the best piece of the film.) If the story of black music has to urge the Gospel, why not in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences in the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then it is Europe. Here, the black diaspora does not seem to have produced any caliber musician because N'Dour chose to sketch the Austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from Luxembourg. Am I in the team just because N'Dour has played with him? What we found the most irritating, however, was the long sequence that tried to recreate a kind of beatnik / black power / Nation of Islam cultural that happens in Amir Baraka's New York house (aka Leroi Jones). By hearing people talk about the importance of "knowing your history," and then in the next breath perpetuating ignorance. Why so many African Americans believe that taking an Arabic name is a statement of their African roots? And why do I think that Arab Islam is more admirable than European Christianity? Who thinks that he first established the trade with African slaves? The film does not have much to say about the situation in West Africa today beyond the platitude that "the current conditions" are a consequence of the brightest and the best that have been shipped for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor, but happy, talented, friendly and welcoming people, respecting their elders (and not more than passing over the Americans visiting the fish market). Are ethnic stereotypes or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard that N'Dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they cross Dakar. the slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between the folk drumming style of New Orleans and the popular drum style in Senegal is quoted. The last thing the slaves heard before they were sent was to go to their country and take goodbye. Except, of course, that the slaves sent from Dakar generally do not come from Dakar. They were captured or sold inland by the Senegalese coasts and sold to traders, regardless of the European strength, which now owned the Gorée slaves. Dakar people are not descendants of Africans who have escaped slave trade, are they equally likely? more likely ?? being descendants of the people who sold their black brothers in slavery and exile. The two agendas collide again in the last part of the film. There are two separate terminations. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co repeated and prepared along the way and which they give in the courtyard of the Gorée slave fortress. The other end comes when Harmony Harmoneers sings the spiritual spirits "Return to Glory," in the sea door of the slave force. This is in deep motion, even if it is hard to believe that performance is as spontaneous as it appears. This is a movie that is defective. Unclear of the story he's been trying to say and shot in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional through change. Watch it (listen to it) for music and feeling, but do not expect illumination or intellectual rigor.
