I liked the "Frankenstein Curse" so much that I rushed to "Frankenstein must be destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even though he was without Chistopher Lee this time. For my great disappointment, this film not only does not have without Lee, but it is done without Frankenstein's monster altogether! It was a case of "If we can not take Lee, we will not even have a monster"? Why would he do that? The monster is half the fun of the whole thing! This film is dedicated exclusively to Baron Frankenstein's study and his quest to complete the experiments he started in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum. We have found the extremely poor scenario, with the need to suspend public unbelief for a little too much. I'm willing to suspend a fair amount, but this movie has become ridiculous, which made me take the film instead of sinking into it. Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant playing the pure evil in this movie. Being one of the most beloved cute actors and people, he could play extremely well threatening and evil bad. The support distribution is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancé were blackmailed to help Frankenstein. Introduce a frightening police chief alongside his possessor to generate a comic relief, then completely drop out of the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of the police will be the baron's main nemesis, then we are led to believe he will be the young doctor and then become the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplantation experiment. There was no tension, I was not invested in the "creature", and the end was left so ambiguous that it left one dissatisfied, because it is so clear that it establishes another sequel. There is also virtually no element of "horror". Yes, there is a decapitation at the beginning (outside the room) and we are treated to Cushing's sounds that cut the charts of two men's skulls outside (again outside the room) and there is the worst and utterly useless rape scene % of which is again off-camera). I understand there is a love of "letting the audience imagine everything because their imagination is far worse than what we can show," but if you do not give us a Monster, you see some "horrible" elements that you choose to include them. Showing us a skeleton in the enlightened lab with a green light is not scary. In addition to a poor script, I thought the director was mostly flat. There were some pretty pictures, but otherwise no emotion, atmosphere or suspense was generated. The same director did the Curse in 1958 and I thought he was brilliantly guided ... he guess he was just as uninspired by this movie as I did. The movie gets 4 out of 10 for me strictly for Peter Cushing's strong, tinted performance ... beyond that, I find a little in this movie that deserves to be recommended. Instead, my suggestion is to see "Frankenstein's Curse" and see a horror movie really great.
