"Her Cardboard Lover" is Norma Shearer's latest film. He gave up the movies and, I think, joined the board of directors at MGM. It was a good move from her side. "His cardboard lover" was talky and boring in the parts. It was obvious that there were only a few actors with parts of speech, so they had a lot of dialogue to talk to keep Turkey afloat. The story was a good idea about a rich woman (Norma Shearer) hiring a man (Robert Taylor) to make Jewell's engagement ring (George Sanders) jealous. I'm surprised that the director, George Cukor, has not cut many of the talky scenes between Mrs. Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mister. Sugar served Mrs. Shearer well in "The Women", but not in this movie. <br /> <br /> The best performance in the film was given by Robert Taylor. During the career of Mr. Taylor, he received the best comedy roles in this film and "When Ladies Meet" in 1941. In 1942, he performed the best comedy performance in Her Cardboard Lover and, in "Johnny Eager". He had a busy year. I think of all the actors at MGM, Mr. Taylor worked with all the major and minor actresses in the batch. MGM also gave Taylor all sorts of films - most of them were successful. That's why MGM kept it for 25 years. <br /> <br /> George Sanders was very good as a social heel. He played a similar role eight years later in "All About Eve," for which he won an Oscar for supporting. As for Mrs. Shearer, this was one of the worst performances, it was not funny and too dramatic for this comedy. It is strange that he made a great comedy in 1939, The Women, and gave the best interpretation. It was obvious she was too old to look for the youngest leading men in her "Cardboard Lover". She also did not help some of her clothes to be terrible. It's bad and Mr. Taylor did not make another dramatic movie, like their last movie together, the super-cool "Escape". The same commentary on this film can be said about another film, "Personal Property" that Mr. Taylor did in 1937 with Jean Harlow. It was too talkative, boring, and the actress seemed old. Ms. Harlow was looking bad during the movie and no one in Hollywood noticed telling her to see a doctor, so in 1937 she died at the age of 26. She became a good actress and had better roles.
