Even until 1942, movie standards make the settings that the CARDBOARD WORKER has been dated to the extreme. The mechanisms of half a pair (husband / wife, ex-spouse / ex-wife) to regain the other in danger of marrying someone else, divorce or eventual separation by jealousy, humility, or else the schemes were done much better in classics such as his GIRL Friday and PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both films give women a strong and indisputable presence on the screen and play independent, protofeminist characters. In both films, both women were estranged / divorced from the first spouses (wizards) and decided to marry colorless men who were their exact opposite, and both would be barking to reject their husbands soon and to revive the passion for each other. The land of "HER CARDBOARD LOVER" changes the genre: here is Norma Shearer as Cary Grant, this time, to prevent his former boyfriend George Sanders from hiring Robert Taylor as a gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a better role for an actress aged 20; Sanders is as involved as a piece of furniture for the most - any man who is in love with his fiancé, seeing a strange man coming out of the bathroom as it happens here, would beat his light and huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as if he's been trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not into speech inflections, but essentially on the whole. But the most serious part is Shearer. Because an actress who used parts that gave him a sexual sex and dramatic presence, Consuelo Craydon's role seems to bring her into thoughts of over-acting, over-emoting and over-gestures that, although still part of the style her acting and more suitable ten years earlier, makes her look like an extremely maneuverable interpreter that raises the joke from a situation like water from a fairly dry sponge. It combines only the fires that say the theory that gives Irving Thalberg the role of his career and his voter (most of them) roles; why she has played roles such as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again most accounts also state that she has just burned to acting so far, that she has lost interest in everything and that it is no secret that someone who has experienced such things has essentially lost his attention and can not wait until the pension or the end of a contract is almost to leave as soon as possible. It might be the case here. She seems to be lost, seems tired, apparently feeling bad, going through an automatic pilot instead of living the side. After this film, she would do nothing, but she will be responsible for the discovery of Janet Leigh, who will be in her own role as a screen star in the late 1940s and 1960s.
