Welcome to movie 17 on classic cooling packaging 50. Where do we see, That's right. Another movie that does not really make any sense. Seriously, this movie made me so confused, in the end, I thought we were reviewing "La Dawn they sleep." The plan seems pretty simple ... well that up to 3 seconds in the movie, where a girl killed a cat and then ... explodes? I have no idea what happened. and that was before the TITLE screen. This is really sad when I can not even say what happened in the first 3 minutes. Anyway, there is a great-looking photographer who finds this girl after she has another girlfriend on the way to take pictures of something somewhere. so we get there, but not before anyone steals his jeep to drive him 200 meters to a city. suspicious? nah. so they decide to stay in this deserted village with an old lady. and then blah blah things happen and blah blah talk. The guy with the mustache gets out in the fog for some reason, even if the old man tells her not to do it. It gets lost and then finds its way back. Oh, I forgot to mention that this is still after an incredibly lacking 20 minutes of sitting in a guy's house that looks like the casablanca buggy type guy. Then he leaves. There is no point in this scene. It's really just stuffing. if you cut it, no one would have noticed or cared for. But, unfortunately, this was actually the best part of the movie. wait. let me rephrase this. Unfortunately, unfortunately, this was the best part of the movie. because the rest is so confusing that I have to look at IMDb to find out what happened. But, of course, no one else knows that they are SOL. <br /> <br /> Really, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most wonderful moments I've ever seen on the film. They dressed her in a dress, were kidnapped, then released, returned home, then at the end of the witches she was in the house and was finished? Seriously. I was not so confused in a movie. I mean, as bad as movies like Robot War, at least they do SENSE. this film does not even make ATTEMPT coherent. the ending was as confusing as the end "At dawn was sleeping" and the plot was much boring. This movie gets only 1 because "I have no idea what happened in this movie." "Mountain Witches" gets a confused film observer from 10.
