I could not get this movie many times, and no one else, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this film has nothing to do with the rest of the story. In her, a photo-journalist with a big mustache cancels her leave to get rid of his girlfriend. He is commissioned to photograph a mountain area. It's rumored to be haunted, but I did not know if he heard that from his boss or later in the movie. Along the way, she meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him during her work trip. Throughout the movie, there is this terrible music score, which consists of most of the noisy songs that make you want to scream "SHUT UP ALTADY !!!" What really makes a person is that the movie always looks like it'll be good, though it never does. There are beautiful mountain landscapes and a really creepy atmosphere. The inn and the old, silent, abandoned buildings scattered on the mountain are quite threatening. Fog nights look real, not like someone put on an artificial fog machine. And the idea, though not original, had potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to deserve. Here's how it goes, more or less. I stop at this inn, led by a strange hangman (you expect him to be called Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene where the writer believes a tomography is in the window, but the scene is so dark, I had no idea what's going on. If I had a poor illumination or poor film transfer. In any case, we never know what happened. There is a scene where she wanders during the night. Whether it is sleepwalker or mesmerized by title witches, it is never explained. Another scene that is never explained is when the car is stolen, then found again without anything stolen. They end in this abandoned mountain village, whose only inhabitant is this seemingly old woman. There are other things, including a wild man in the chain, which is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in some way (will he kill her or wash the brain to join her?), The Witches themselves , a bunch of brunette women in white clothes that do not appear in the last 15 minutes of the movie, and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the closing scene does not make sense. When everything is said and done, most people will say, "Huh?"
