Saying this movie is extremely hard to follow and just as frustrating to sit through it is to put it very easily. Also, stating that the current available version is dark, cumbersome, scratched, abusively edited, painfully, seemingly censored, and in almost non-wrapped form is also correct. This movie needs a good remastering from the completely negative, unclear, original negative and seeing it reasonably atmospheric (and won the director a prize at the Catalonia Film Festival), it might actually be worth the trouble. Then again, maybe not ... It is impossible to say in the current state what kind of film is in reality. Begin quite interesting if you can give up the full-blown opening sequence, which involves a fun kissing of cats, a snake-loving little girl named Gerda. The little girl, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should have lost her little picket), blows some gas in the garage, and launches his brother. Apparently as crazy as Gerda, she goes to visit her boyfriend (ex?), Parazit (ex?), Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on vacation at work, but so desperate to escape Carla that he asks his employers to prepare him for a mission ... any mission. She gets bored: "You'll be bad!" when he heads to the door. Well, Mario is commissioned to photograph "Mountain Witches" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before arriving at the destination, he looks at a beachfront named Delia (Patty Shepard) and pulls some pictures from her by pulling her bikini tip. Just a little in love, she claims to be a single writer, the two of them flirt, and then I think it would be a great idea if they went to the mountain. When they stopped at her place to pack their bags, Mario suddenly listened to sinister and sinister music. Delia says I just hear things. So the two of them start their journey on the mountain, stopping in a local inn to spend the night. There they meet a strange, partially deaf clown with a crazy eye (Victor Israel), and Delia claims someone spies here through her window. The next day, under a certain trance, he wanders in the mountain and is finally located by Mario, who descends from the jeep and runs after her. While they find out what's going on, somebody steals their wheels and they're forced to go through a piece, eventually finding an unharmed jeep at the foot of a small, old village, like abandoned ... almost like someone trying to lure them in intentionally there. As we shall see, that's exactly what happened. In the village meet a friendly woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims to be the only person who lives there and lets them stay in her home. Mario takes some pictures of the city "abandoned", and when he develops them, they are full of people. Strongly dragged, he and Delia begin to leave and lock in a "deceptive" fog and have to shoot and go overnight. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats turning into sexy women, Satanic rituals performed by ladies in bra and a deadly fall on a rock. And yes, by accident, Carla, the alien wife, turns out to be one of the witches. Everything takes place in semi-darkness and be honest, I did not know what the hell was happening most of the time. The inconclusive "open" end is just an extra blow to anyone who has to suffer through the rest of this miserable misery. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are only a few things that belong to me as very good. The first is actress Shepard, who has that great Barbara Steele a mysterious, dark beauty. There is also an excellent music score (credits Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and singing songs that have helped a lot in making this film as atmospheric as it is. The workplace is pretty decent, but, as I said, printing is ugly as it may be and does not make a lizzy sense, so take caution on it.
