In Europe, he is called Who Dares Wins; in America, is known as the Final Option, but under any title, this sensational action SAS requires the public to put their unbelief on their side for about two hours. It seems incredibly difficult for me to understand how Lewis Collins (hero here) was chosen as Roger Moore's successor in Bond ... this guy is so devoid of expression that he will try to get a job in a wax museum (like wax!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is about to redeem the business with a food show as a Danish terrorist, and there is a ten minute action sequence that is quite competent orchestrated by Director Ian Sharp. Let's add that it is a very, very, very long wait for these closing emotions to come and I can not honestly say that a wait of nearly two hours for quite decent action deserves the effort. SAS, Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins), is undercover in a group of peace protesters who would like to see the end of nuclear weapons storage. He meets her foreman, Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong and wise woman who might be able to take extraordinary steps to achieve her goals. Frankie's violent group is assisting the US Embassy in London asking for a nuclear missile to be fired at a naval base in Scotland (she thinks that when the world witnesses a nuclear explosion as true, everyone will be so frightened that they will join the disarmament campaign). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen into her little embassy raid and plans to counter her plan from inside with a little help from SAS friends. inspired - quite obviously - by SAS's terrible attack on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this news event apparently believed it would be good to make a similar movie. Unfortunately, the movie is quite banal, with too much dialogue and a lot of embarrassing scenarios (the archbishop's debate that comes down to a rebellion, anyone?) Frankie's idea of ​​bringing peace by instigating a nuclear explosion is ridiculous anyway, so she becomes a ridiculous figure only when the audience is about to look at her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins is trying to be a celebration of the military legend that is SAS, but at the same time sinks into embarrassing action clichés and evil plot thought. The result is a well-intentioned, but totally ineffective, boy's own absurdity.
