"It is as though it is hard to describe how interesting it is to make a relationship as a drama, as in all pornographic scenes thrown as if it were a good measure, and to move as if you were being controlled - like be the money and the like. "- Ellen, the lost quotation. "Kissing, Like, Like, Taste and Stuff" is like the best art effort ever. Looking at Ellen's hairy arms and how to masturbate Chris was like the height of my movie-watching experience for years. But before I like to break new US-20-something-airhead recordings with my "pleasures," let me just like the short list as the visible light of this visual celebration: <br /> 1. Chris doing the act with the genitals. And not just that: the way the room (so elegantly led by Ellen and Patrick) rewards the spectator with a complete picture of Chris's white fat stomach, after completing the non-Catholic deed, was really thrilling. I can say with all sincerity that I have never seen such grace. Chris, you should do more of these scenes in the following movies, because that's exactly what you needed as a sequel to what shone, brilliant, Lars von Trier and his "idiots 95," began. A short w *** and then a hairy, fat and white stomach: what can any movie goer ask for? Needless to say that I can sit all day and watch Chris ejaculated (despite being right) ... Such a poetry on the move. Such an elegance, such a style. No less than total, the divine inspiration went into filming that sequence - plus a solid sum of Zen philosophy. Even Barbra Streisand could not get more spirituality than that. <br /> <br /> 2. Ellen's hairy, thick arms. The cameras that have been so comprehensively photographed by the two photo directors (I can not emphasize this enough), Ellen and Patrick, have often provoked confusion as to the correct identification of the sex in question. There were several scenes when I saw a part of a body (one leg, one arm or one foot), but it was often a guessing game: does the body belong to a man or a woman? Naturally, Chris and his colleagues, Ellen, Patrick and the identity name, were deliberately shown because their bodies were ideal for creating this gender-based confusion. It was sometimes hard to guess if someone saw a female or male foot. Patrick is so thin and effeminate in his movements, both hair and lunch, while Ellen and the other girl are so weird, with their legs and arms thick. Brilliant. <br /> <br /> 3. Brilliant - especially how it relates to the theme of reversing gender roles: so original and mindful. Ellen behaves like a man, wants sex all the time, while her former Patrick wants to talk - like a girl. Spiffing. <br /> <br /> 4. Look for Ellen for a left partner. "You have to love The Simpsons, which is quite left." I am glad that the producers of this film have decided to break the long tradition of giving Leftists intelligence. Ellen is so revitalizing and realistic. The number of "pleasures" she and her liberal friends manage to say in less than 80 minutes is really phenomenal (3,849, to be exact). They have been able to realistically transfer their inexperience into real life on the big screen with a minimum of effort and applaud them for it. <br /> <br /> 5. Nearby buildings of toes. A lot of things here for foot-fetishists, who think it is a very liberal, very commendable way of reaching sexual minorities. After all, shoes and fetishes are offered so little in modern cinema, so it's nice to see someone there CARES. KOTM, or rather KLOTLMAS, offers more than meets the eye. It's not just a small, modest little movie about the shallow people who deal with naked relationships as they engage in meaningless conversations. No, there is much more than that. It is the light that guides all foolish creatures; the guiding light that dominates the useless life of the various pseudo-artistic wannabes that have just given up on the film school and intends to attack our senses with a sweet tangle that we hope will play well at pretentious festivals such as Sundance and Cannes, to earn the necessary exposure, therefore, real money for a change that they will engage later, such as Sean Penn and George Clooney, in promoting the salvation of this planet and solving all the political problems facing this world. What better way to do this than to make porn at first? <br /> <br /> If Chris and Ellen made the camera here, as clearly stated in the final credits, then who held the room while the two were in front of her? They probably hired some passers-by and dropped their camera into their hands ... Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8 and check out "TV & Cinema: 150 More Serious Cases of Nepotism."
