So this movie was hailed, glorified and taken to incredible heights. But, in the end, what is it really? Many of the ways it was made to work for an audience on the screen does not work. Pretty academic work keeps the signature obtuse, and scenes that are in ASL are hard to follow, as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent. The vocal interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, under the excuse that Hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice," makes it more and more into a strange object as the movie continues. Matlin shines in several scenes where her signature is not partly hidden. But yet, most of the film, when this is a love story, is shown only from one point of view, that of man. As Ebert said: "If a story relates to the battle of two people on the common ground they are going to communicate, it's not fair to make the entire movie with the terms of one." The idea that an oralist teacher who uses methods that have been enforced in many deaf schools for decades would have been presented as "revolutionary" is quite insulting in himself. His character becomes weak as a credible teacher as the movie continues. Drawing comedy from a deaf accent is fairly fairly low. And his attitude towards male students in his class is quite symptomatic of how he seems to act with women: as a justified man. A party scene involving a number of deaf people, including some academic encounters, leaves them seemingly isolated, in a way quite inconsistent with its prerogatives: I saw the performers spontaneously, spontaneously passing between them, even when they were not aware of the deaf who are in the area and yet somehow feels like a fish in water in an environment where his education should have made him accustomed. As a lover, he seems to be a typical typical guy, including the tendency to act possessively afterwards. And yet, the movie is indeed seen through him, as all his lover says, is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> Scenes involving other deaf children are generally flares. Breaking symbolism fails, dance scene, basin scene, even the initial stage of sleep, which should bear some of it - all these scenes that try to indicate the isolation of the main character are degraded metaphors at best: many hearing about people they know on dances on the bass sounds that deaf people feel (instead of scaring like coping with chihuahua) and making a diving evening for an audience is rarely an excuse to make a statement Deeply about the isolation of deafness, seriously, when I go swimming, I swam) ... She also fails to lead to the end of the play, but to make a story about a deaf woman who obeys a strong man. Even if the original piece ended with a more balanced ground, where both must accept each other as they are, and where it must finally recognize that the real voice is the movement of the hands, not the vibrations in the throat. > <br /> <br /> For all the discoveries she might have been, Marlee Matlin remains the deaf Hollywood woman on this day.
