There is something in most of us, especially boys, who admire a people to a real "real" working class man. And Sean Penn serves it for us with a cherry on top. Hey, many people use Penn as a political boy, but I do not record movies or actors / directors based on politics or personality. That's what makes right-wing commentators such as expectorate debbie debbie Debbie Schlussel. Recognizing that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think that this picture was a simplistic piece of blow without purpose that he has done since then. Well, you have the idea that there is a good policeman, a small town, Joe, played against the type of David Morse, who in the opening scene drives a guy out on a country farm farm 60 big cars years. The bad guy stops, goes out, shoots him, so he has to kill Joe dead. There was no explanation of what this man did to do such a desperate and violent thing, and the parents of the dead do strange rage at the police station, while Joe feels really sad and guilty of having to kill someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer forced his land in a police station, is kind of a good guy. Then, his brother Frank shows up, he is a sadistic, amoral, freshly out of the Army and Nam, where the war has taken his blood. Some people here and in other reviews called him just an irresponsible hell, raising his younger brother, and Sean was trying to do something about what our hard-working John Wayne culture and the war is happening with other good people, but what What I saw was an amoral and sadistic cake that enjoys wounding and removing people. Then there are mother and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the turn necessary as a fashionable country couple, then die; herself by illness and suicide, to advance the story for us. Both times Frank, the bad guy is far off being a miserable SOB. But good Joe brings him back to Podunksville from prison, so Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his pregnant wife, huge, crying. But Joe has a beautiful wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican, and Sean uses this exercise as an affirmative beautifying exercise of Joe and his true soul under uniform and crew. For me, it was an absolutely useless subplot of affirmative action, which Sean uses to burn his sweet believers by sucking the Mexicans, because the Mexicans are so tough and evil. But Frank is bad and we have events such as theft of his friend's car, looting the gas station over the head of the clerk over the head, then tormenting the car and all that cool stuff that rasters do. Then there are mandatory 8-mm flashbacks by young Joey who usually move the lawn and cowboy dressed on Franky by jumping back and fighting yadda yadda, so we all know what deep connection there is between them. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> So the film revolves around with a bunch of lame-ups to warm the heart of any red stater. Coming alongside the movie, it was an excellent music song of seventy songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, which were totally inappropriate, except for the 60s, to win the hearts of the old hippies. The most serious crime is that since the movie was inspired by a Springsteen song "The Highway Patrolman," the song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's wife, the dead brain, goes to work, and Joe gets to the bar to load and shed some populists the victim's spy about how tough things are while Joey comes to- he pulls his wife back. The barman is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank does not blow up any special reason and beat Cesar on his death after Joe Child's death. So Joe chased his bad brother and hoped he would do the right thing and the blow that threatens society. Instead, we have a scene where his brother stops in front of him in a junker of about 50 years on a singular road at night, and little Franky in his cowboy suit and descent guns come out of the car to face Joe, the baby from the 8mm home cinema sequence flashback. Oy, such a fun! Then at the beginning of the festivity, are Zen nonsense about the Indian runner, who is a messenger, is the message of Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did a lot better than that, so do not be afraid to lose that.
