I'm afraid this is pretty awful, despite good performances and cinematic action. This is the first and last attempt of director-director Soo Lyu. "Rub and Tug" (2002) is one of the unfortunate side-effects of the Canadian cinema promotion program at home. While the program encourages valuable efforts such as New Waterford Girl, it opens the door for unrelated beginners, such as Lyu, who did not have to aggressively promote this project, but was lit up in green without an adequate scrutiny of his script its credentials. <br /> <br /> Do not disturb your low budget because the shameless design, poor lighting, poor sounds and docu-style shot selection are consistent with the subject; workers in Canadian massage parlors. But dialogue and plot do not give the actors anything to work, the publisher long to gather, or a viewer any mental challenge, other than the suspension of unbelief. When your story is simplistic, the last thing you need is a muddled storytelling technique; even if nothing happens, the film is hard to follow and the point of view impossible to fix. <br /> <br /> Don McKellar's performance in Conrad's role is more than a few notches under his similar characterization in 'Exotica'. Linda Booth Lea is her typical aerodynamic head; as always she is full of love, but here is nothing else. Cindy from Cira Clavell is a nice surprise, a kind of Asian Shelley Duval. The only role of any consequence, Betty on Tara Spencer-Nairn Street, cancels her excellent performance in New Waterford Girl. Her superficial performance in "Rub and Tug" should reduce any tendency to look for other movies in which she appeared; if you do not need a further confirmation of Alan Moyle's "Waterford" director's ability to work with young actors. Conclude quickly that Lyu's reptilian brain can not understand concepts such as the complexity of the plot, so the need to introduce a lazy device and blades "deus ex machina" to the end is not a surprise. However, it may be worse, the apparent story has an internal logic so small that the unlikely conclusion is not as painful as normal. <br /> <br /> Again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
