If my memory is correct when it was released, it appeared as a comedy - a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If that should be, it does not work. It's just not funny. Establishing that quite significant (since it's called a comedy!) Failure, because I do not have a personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - dealing with going behind the scenes in a Toronto massage salon , except to say - if this is true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this film has nothing to offer, except for basic knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the new director of the massage salon, whose basic job seems to make sure that girls do not give "full service" - a real euphemism for sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon so that she can run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant in Canada who works to support her family back home, and Leah is ... well, Leah is somewhat weird, an undefined character with a breast-fetish - true - that seems to be in business because - well, because he's in it! I have no idea of ​​her character. These three characters can behave quite well, composite, which accurately represents the motivations of the women involved in this business. The film boasts and does not offer much until the "twist" reveals to Conrad that he is the bad guy. We had to get to this point faster. The only thing really interesting here was that part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the revenge that the girls built against him. The revenge plan was good enough and you are grateful when it comes to it, because until that moment you wonder why you have lost time with that. If the story were more focused on vengeance, it would have been a pretty funny movie. The performance of the four leaders was fine, though I did not think anyone was as remarkable. All four characters were a bit superficial. Cindy was a nice character, and Conrad for a while, though he turns out to be the bad guy of the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly small nudity (and what is there is limited to a scene.) In fact, there is even a certain air of innocence around many things. Regarding the overall quality of the film, it's a low budget effort, which shows that although you expect some worry, suppose, a movie set in the context of a body friction salon, so it's irrevocable. However, it is certainly said that this was released eight years ago and is still the only credit given to director Soo Lyu and, given the lack of depth in the Canadian film industry, it has not even been considered worthy to be nominated for any Genie Award - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a little generous with that.
