This kind of story is unacceptable The only reason this movie is anywhere above the 5 stars in line 10 is because it has George Lucas behind him and has the words "Star" and "Wars" in his title. This is an insult to those who aspire to films and many others who have made movies clearly superior to higher stories, writing and acting, but have not obtained credit. This is a travesty. <br /> <br /> First, first. The story. Anakin's evolution? There is none. Besides a little makeup around the eyes and a little cry, there is none. He becomes young, stupid, Anakin Skywalker and Darth Vader in one shot. The only consistent thing about Darth Vader in the original series was his intelligence, how good he was to almost everything he did, planning, fighting, naming him. The only consistent thing about Anakin that is perceived in the prequel trilogy is his consistent stupidity. He even loses his body because of a stupid cock. What part of Emperor Palpatine tells his legends about Sith does not indicate the Emperor as a Sith? Unacceptable! Battle scenes have used too many digital duplicates. They all fly like plush dolls in a doll house. Count Dooku, Emperor Palpatine, Anakin, Obi-Wan, almost every fighter had a digital leap of rubber around. In a specific battle scene, Obi-Wan and Anakin in the climate battle, both of you stop in the midst of the parrots and rebellious, twist your swords several times inches away. I realize the battles are choreographed, but that made me shake my head in unbelief and disgust. The writing was terrible. All the dialogue was of extremely low quality. Good actors, such as Ewan McGregor and Natalie Portman, did everything they could with their lines, but that was not enough. I can not say enough bad things about this movie. Too many special effects, make holes larger than the center of the universe and absolutely no perspective on any of the characters. This is the biggest mistake of this film: nothing new is offered. We know that the raw painting of all the things Lucas did was colorless. I knew Anakin had lost his limbs. We knew Luke and Leia were brother and sister, we know Luke is Anakin's son, I knew Obi-Wan and Yoda were going to exile, we knew everything. Nothing new is offered in this movie. If all fans wanted that, then it's okay, Lucas could not have gone wrong. But when Anakin finally becomes Darth Vader and asks after Padme and he hears that he's dead, he gets his strange arms and shouts "Nooooooooooooooooooooo". This scene screamed movie B all the way, and I half waited for Darth Vader to go to "THE ANSWER WILL BE ROBINSON, DANGER" at any time. That's what it is. A B movie, disguised by a huge budget and an ultra-loyal fan base, which will solve with something now that the first two films have traced their standards to the Earth's ditches.
