I finally saw it. I did not go when it first came out because I was afraid. You're afraid of how bad it is or how disappointing it is. Although not as bad as Menace, and better than Clones, it was not at all memorable or satisfactory. I was 11 years old when I saw Star Wars. I still remember that I was in the theater. From crawling to final credits, it was a movie experience that I will never forget. A timeless story of the bored freshman, who knows he was destined for more, saving the princess and the Galaxy from the threat of malice while being mentored by the wise sorcerer, the dishonest pirate and the comic relief - all in an operating space. And you do not have to punish Lucas because he uses an old formula. It's an old formula, precisely because it works. And to figure out, he gave her some twists and turns that made her very special. Then came the Empire, and the story became more than a fairy tale. The darkness came into the picture and I learned one of the biggest twists of the movie of all time. The big villain, Vader was Luke's father. Wow, nobody saw it coming. Of course, I'm convinced that Lucas did not even appear in the script. Go back and watch Star Wars again. Knowing what you know now, especially in the light of the first three episodes, you see if there really is a network. <br /> <br /> Which brings me to the problem I have. Revenge is a fun movie - extraordinary effects, lots of action, some good fighting scenes. But a movie still lives or dies on its plot - the story it says. Oh, certainly a good action can save a poor plot, but a weak plot, coupled with a bad attitude - is a burden that no director can overcome, certainly not such a bad one that I am obliged to I realize George Lucas (Man managed to direct some of the worst performances of his career from some very good actors - Liam Neeson, Natalie Portman, Samuel Jackson). SPOILERS AHEAD ******* * Plot. Oh my. Understand, he's already disabled by what happened in the first two movies, so it's an incredible burden. One too much for him to conquer. First of all we have the absurdities in the background. Anakin is found as a child on Tatooine, the product of a virgin, miraculous birth - "the one chosen." Well, this detail is not explained at a distance. Indeed, the closest explanation is Yoda's observation that they may have been wrong. Well, then. Our mistake. Now, the same wunderkind turns out to be the C3PO creator. Hey, what a coincidence it is. And he will return to Tatooine and will never know he was from there? Wow! What do you say about this. Testing the old suspicion, eh George? Anyway, we have a small child full of drinking, petulant, full of young adult, who must somehow become one of the greatest villains in cinematographic history - Darth Vador's great tragedy - the good guy who falls from grace, redemption in the From behind. How, pray, does this happen? Why, he has a dream that his wife will die at birth. Now, of course, he lives in a civilization that acts around the star, treating gravity as if we treat gasoline, but it happens that "the dark one is" can be checked with a doctor, maybe maybe, this futuristic society could do something about this problem? Why not, the only thing you can think of doing is to kill some kids because the bad guy, at the root of all the evil they've been watching for two movies, tells him he has the secret of immortality. <br /> <br /> Well, of course, he does. <br /> <br /> How can Lucas expect us to look at such madness and eat it? How can one expect us to care? Hell, why would anyone want to be saved or redeemed in the first place. I wanted Kenobi not to kill him not because he was bad, but because he was stupid. Oh, by the way, Amidala dies in the end. At birth. Why? Well, they do not know. The doctor, who is a droid and himself indicating the incredibly high technology that this society has advanced, only gives the conclusion "lost the will to live." Well, of course it does. Maybe we finally figured out why she was sleeping with her. But now we are. We have Kenobi present for all this. He knows about the birth of Luca and Leia. He knows who their father is and knows what's going on with them. It also knows the role of both R2 and C3PO. And yet, in a few years, as Luke approaches the man and shows himself with 3PO and R2 (curiously, the mind of 3PO is deleted, but not R2 - why?) Saying "I think these droids belong to you," Kenobi, who knows that the protocol droid was built by the one he believed to be "the chosen one," and the emperor's disciple himself, and who just happened to be built on this planet, says, "weird, I do not remember having droids." <br /> <br /> A good pain. <br /> <br /> Lucas simply did this while he went. Once she introduced VAder as Luke's father, unfortunately, the story began to get out of control because you DO NOT KNOW WHAT IT STORED. Episode 1-3 is simply incomprehensible. Nothing Palpatine made any sense at all. And none of these links have entered the story he originally said in the "Star Wars". It is a later idea and it shows it. I can not give this movie a high rating. Reminds me of Triple X. A funny film to watch, but totally unforgettable. Secondary wars will be in my mind forever. Fortunately, this and the two who preceded it will soon disappear.
