At one point, Violet (Lucy Liu) tells Neil (Cillian Murphy) why she is constantly looking for an adventure. She said "because I'm bored." It means he can not give his life, doing some compulsory activities. Well, I think its reason and the way this movie works is very ironic. Because "Watching Detectives" is a boredom. <br /> <br /> Have any of these characters actually do anything interesting for one time? Neil is a geek who runs his own mini-rental video store. He and his other friends usually live around the store and watch movies together as they talk about them afterwards. But Neil's life comes back when Violet enters his store. She's an eccentric woman hiding a little secret from him. However, after some dates, they decide to see each other. The problem is that Violet is a person who continues to joke joke to Neil and can not really do anything normal, while Neil is completely opposed to hers. The question is. Will they be in love at the end? Bet. <br /> <br /> "Detective Observation" is a romantic comedy in its center. And they did worse, pretending to be something else. From the first two settings, we know that Neil is a pretty shameless guy who has not got involved with anything. And then, Violet enters the scene, looking at all the strange and annoying ones. So at this point, we all know that we will put all the senseless situations to find out how they will end up. Is it worth to wait? I would say no. <br /> <br /> As I said, they have tried to give more to the audience. "Watching Detectives" is trying to talk about engagement. Notice how far people are reaching what they want. I finally knew that the crazy things Violet did is test how far Neil is ready to go to win his heart (or whatever). Well, I think it's stupid. This movie will end pretty soon if Neil just says "Forget it, that girl is one of the fuckin '!" After working with many recent directors of Danny Boyle's "Sunshine" and "28 Days Later", Ken Loach's "Wind of Shake Barley" and Neil Jordan's "Breakfast on Pluto") is a strange choice for Cillian Murphy to make a movie with one of Broken Lizard's comedy troops, Paul Soter. However, it is not bad (as usual), but such a talent actor like him should not waste time in the movie like this. On the other hand, Lucy Liu is awfully terrible like Violet. Her act is a mess. I mean everything is all over and so high. Tony Montana would have been proud. The last mistake made by this movie is a completely irrelevant title. You simply can not really connect a point between the plot and its title; and then you will come to think that it does not make sense at all. In short, "Watching the Detectives" is good for the movie that can be forgotten that you may have a chance to pin it on the cable TV so quickly that you could not imagine it. BloodyMonday Rating: 1.5 / 4
