WARNING: This review contains SPOILERE. Do not read if you do not want certain points to be revealed before watching the movie. With such an expression, you wonder if the actors and the actress knew exactly what they were. They saw the script and said, "Hey, the close encounters of the Third Kind were a blow that can not fail." Unfortunately, it is. Did they even consider checking the director's credentials? Do you want to make a movie with the director of a movie called "Satan Cheerleaders?" Greydon Clark, who will continue to lead the infamous "Final Justice," did so. It makes you wonder how the people in Mystery Science Theater 3000 could collide with "Final Justice" and give up completely "The Return." The film is in a small town in New Mexico. A boy and a girl are on the streets unattended one evening when a powerful floating ship ships .er.a and travels over them. In probably the worst sequence of special effects of the film, the ship throws a kind of red ink on them. It seemed Clark was holding a glass of water from the room lens camera and sinking her scrawled pen, so you were immediately treated with cheese. However, the ship leaves, and adults do not believe the children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider to be a great actor (watching his scenes in "Ghost" as proof, as they are remarkable), playing a prospector or, as I have called, Miner 1949er . He comes out of the cave where he is and his dog is engraved by the ship. Twenty-five years passed, and the girl grew up to be Cybill Shepherd, working with her father, Raymond Burr, in studying unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd shows some strange phenomena in satellite imagery over that little New Mexico city, and travels there to investigate. Once she got there, local farmers harassed her and blamed her for the last blows of cattle mutilation that took place, and Deputy Jan-Michael Vincent came to save her. From this point on, the movie really pulls in as the two collapse quickly one after another, especially after Vincent removes the locals and informs Shepherd that he was the little boy who saw the ship with the twenty-five years ago. As this dull misery happens, Vincent Schiavelli, with his killer dog beside him, walks through the killing of cattle and any other person with an unusual object. Do you know that plastic sticks are sold with tricks or passersby to Halloween, the kind you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those bright batons to burn incisions to humans. It is the second most serious effect in the film. Each time Schiavelli is on the screen with a bright baton, the atmosphere of the scene becomes suddenly dark, just as movie makers believed that the baton needs this improvement. Eventually, the movie seems to be cheaper than that. And why all this leads? It's hard to say when the final, confused scene appears. See, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images that Shepherd has found as a kind of "business card," but none make any sense. Why do not they have the age of Shepherd and Vincent and Schiavelli? Schiavelli explains why she kills cattle and people and why she wants Shepherd to die, but even that does not really make sense when you really think. Why does not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old to do it. And aliens will not need it if Shepherd is dead anyway, so why are you trying to kill her? Speaking of strangers, it is never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their purpose? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How would they be so confident that Shepherd will return? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made the "return" more enjoyable. You still had bad lines, with a bad attitude, especially Shepherd, with blackheads and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars have escaped from this film. Cybill Shepherd soon joined Moonlighting with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent continued to be featured in dozens of B movies, mostly in the top. Raymond Burr made a bunch of Perry Mason television movies right up to his death. Vincent Schiavelli became a great personality actor in a huge number of films. Martin Landau, who played a law enforcement officer, quickly made the terrible "Alone in the Dark" and terrible "The Being," before releasing in the movies he recently met. You can bet that none of these stars wished their career to return to "Return". Zantara's score: 2 out of 10.
