That could have been a pretty funny movie, but instead he is with other boys, like Leeches and Rest In Pieces, at the bottom of the cinema food chain. If he played this movie, it could have been a very interesting film, such as Re-Animator or Dead Alive, but Juan Piquor Simon interprets it in a more straightforward language. The premise of this movie is a small community that is besieged by the moved muscles. There is a dump of toxic waste abandoned near a sewer line that moves snails into aggressive monsters that eat meat - though monsters that move slowly and can be shuffled under the boot. Health inspector Michael Garfiled and two accomplices are the only ones who seem to be willing to fight the servants while the sheriff and mayor think they are crazy. The climax is a laughter riot - unintentional to that - which makes you scratch how stupid (actors and screenwriter) is the cannon destruction scenario. STORY: $$ (There is no new ground, Simon seems to interpret the language-in-cheek elements of the gore, but the dialogue is right If Simon worked with a smart script - one with lots of characters and eccentric characters, be a cult movie.) VIOLENCE: $ $ $ $ (You will not be left here, we have a lot of cavity chest scenes exploding, as well as a big head burst in the middle of a restaurant it's a very delicate Italian that many horror film fans are enjoying, is in full swing here, and you have corpses of people who have been cleaned by cocks and a lot of scratch scenes. Garfield seems to know that this scenario is a stinker and he offers his lines with a facial expression that suggests he knows how absurd this film is. Kim Terry, as a wife, has an appropriate job, though she does little beyond your whistle. "Teenagers" were horrible actors - no exceptions. Man, this movie could have used Bruce Dern or Jeffrey Combs!) NUDITY: $$ (Two teenagers get drunk before they are sent - in a stupid scene - with a horde of spears, have descended into the girl's bedroom, both male and female nudity).
