<br /> <br /> The "Slugs" movie is unique because the parasite owners are actually good boys in this horrible nature story. You see, these poor people have been moved by polluting evil people and are not going to do anything wrong, they are just spears - with sharp-beaked beaks, eating meat and eliminating poison, but no less. The real bad guys are the people who are actively trying to destroy our beloved servants or react exaggerated when we meet them. For example, take the scene in which the guy puts on the glove full of muscles. They only stood in a comfortable work glove, when nowhere this gigantic hand came to them and reacted instinctively, defending and biting the guy. Now, instead of seeking medical care for his bite, this guy revolves around the evening, screaming like an idiot, shaking some extremely volatile chemicals, firing a fire, knocking a book over him and cutting his hand - then the fire and volatile chemicals mix and his home explodes. How can you blame this? "This film is painting a portrait of people that is less favorable. The characters in this film include the foolish sheriff who hates everyone, the drunk hick who has understood the dog and the cart that has no wife at least forty-five years older than him. There is also a set of drunken teens who are attacking while copping and we need to see long-haired genitals with long hair. Meanwhile, there is a guy who looks like a demon, Leslie Neilson, who shouts, "You have no authority to declare happy birthday!" For some reason. Finally, this disorientation parade is rounded by the MST3K class , "Pod People", whose face explodes after eating a salad with laces (another avoidable fate that blamed the beneficial, harmless vinegar). /> People are portrayed as greedy, foolish, racist, alcoholic and , in a unnecessary scene, as future violators. In the climatic scene of the movie, wicked people try to burn cannons that wander helplessly in channels. Well, since they are idiots, people manage to flourish the whole city. They just do more damage than they ever did! <br /> <br /> If you hate people and know they do, you will appreciate the "Slugs". If you are a fan of bad cinemas, you will also appreciate this crapfest from the director "Pieces" and "People People". There is a lot of bad action, foolish dialogue, illogical folding of plot, special blade effects, unnecessary scenes and poor doubling to keep your attention.
