Kubrick meets with the king. It sounded so promising in the spring of 1980, I remember. Then the movie came out, and the Kubrick cultists fought with the King's bodybuilder ever since. The King's Cultures say that Stanley Kubrick has done a great horror story and destroyed it. The Kubrick cultists do not blame the King's story. They talk about Steadicams, watching pictures, camera angles. This is a movie, insists: it should be considered as such. As it happens, both camps are correct. Unfortunately. If you see it just as an adaptation of the King's novel, "The Shining" is really a failure, a wasteful opportunity, a series of disturbing narrative gambit. <br /> <br /> I used blame on Kubrick's screenwriter. Writer Diane Johnson (author Le Marriage, L'Affaire, Le Divorce, etc.) has a reputation as a novelist of social manners. Perhaps he was chosen for subtle understanding of marital relationships or family dynamics. But the small blue-collared town of Sidewinder, Colorado does not exist on any map of its francophile universe. However, Kubrick, anglofil, found her congenital. He, of course, is the real author. And on his own merits, his screenplay for "The Shining" - with mishmash of abnormal psychology, rationalism, supernaturalism, and implicit reincarnation - just does not come up with logical analysis. I am willing to consider Kubrick's "Shining" in his terms. I am even willing to take it as anything other than a conventional horror genre. But it does not succeed as a naturalistic study of isolation, alienation and madness. Parsed in this way, the movie breaks out quite a bit. Are the overlooks of Overlook? Or is there just in mind - first of all as nightmares suffered by little Danny Torrance, then like his father's hallucinations? Someone notices that every time Jack Torrance is seen talking with a "ghost", he actually looks into a mirror. One notices how the hotel's frozen laziness-hedge labyrinth seems to symbolize Jack's ruined psyche. But really, Overlook's "ghosts" are just manifestations of Jack Torrance's growing insalubility, then who lets Jack get caught up in the hotel's closet that he can make his hurricane havoc on the top? <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> And can someone explain with a straight face that the Nicholson black-and-white photo (1921) as a smoked party - that left the left field and a wall hotel prom during the closing seconds of the movie? Do we have to conclude seriously that Jack Torrance's "Bad Craziness" results from a "past life" experience? (And if you swallow it, since the re-embracing people are supposed to be exact physical replicas of their past?) Perhaps Kubrick did not care about his story. Maybe he just wanted to evoke a horror. Regardless of the situation, the film tries to keep its narrative bets - both ways, rational and supernatural. As a result, the story is a mess. This movie has not improved with age and certainly does not improve with repetitive viewing. He does not deny that a few moments of fear, claustrophobia and general anger are scattered throughout this long, long film. But those blood lifts, repeatedly seen in Danny's visions, are absurd and ridiculous. Jack Torrance's infallible lines ("Wendy, I'm home!" And "John's Heeeeeere!") Just perpetuates the dramatic tension of the film and dissipates its narrative energy. (I know: I stayed in the theater and I heard the audience laughing in a comic relief: "How many times am I glad we should not take these things seriously!") Eventually, Kubrick is at sea - or otherwise cynical - during those scenes in which Wendy wanders around the empty hotel, while her husband tries to purr his son. A foyer full of mummified guests, all staying dead in their party hats? Yikes, I'm afraid now. Considering Jack Nicholson's brilliance over the years, one can only assume that he only gave the kind of spectacle of eye-rolling, eyebrow-wiggling, scenery-chomping that desired director. Shelley Duvall's performance, as a kind of female version of Don Knotts in "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken," is the best pass in silence. This movie simply does not succeed - not as an adaptation, not in its own terms. Probably worth 3 out of 10, but I give it 1 because it was so rough in this forum.
