When Rodney Dangerfield is in a roll, he's hilarious. In the five wives, they are not in the pay. The moment when a single line was made is stopped, but it is the best thing for the movie. The five women playing wives do not add a whole actress to each other. The plot is very weak. The premise is quite weak; there are some jokes about the existence of several wives, but the situation has nothing to do with anything else in the movie. Most of the film could play in the same way, even though Rodney's character had only one wife, so the premise seems more like a fancy of the old man than an essential part of comedy. Another old man's fancy: we should accept that Rodney's character is an athletic skier. Jerry Stiller seems to call his role just to make a friend a favor, and the rest of the actors' name must be simply desperate for work. The strange knots of political correctness later in the film do nothing for the film. For those who enjoy their films politically correct, non-PC humor is still the first, and apparently the apologies for him still do not get the point. For those who hate to see a movie cave in political fairness, PC add-ons are just annoying disgust. This must be the mildest R-rated movie I've ever seen. There are a few jokes, and scenes in the bedroom would have made the TV shocking 40 years ago, but that means. Perhaps it was the topless men (joke). The DVD features interviews where casting members seem to find depth and importance in this film and their roles. I have always wondered if they were serious or joking. They seem to be serious, but I thought, "He has to joke!" There is also a special disclaimer that suggests that, since the movie never calls Mormons or the Latter-day Saint Church, this does not mean at all about them. It does not matter that the movie has a polygamous religion in Utah and refers to Brigham Young. In short, My 5 Wives was a disappointment. We hope Rodney turns around, but the best thing I can say about the film is that Rodney looked pretty good for a guy pushing 80 years at the time.
