I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of Giallo's films and scandals are among my favorites all the time, but that's for the TV movie is far below the hair and not by what I expected from the great Italian director. The film is not interesting either, such as some of Fulli's most frightened Giullo, or as if he were the majority of his classics; leaving him out of both major areas, and finally making sure the movie is not very good. The movie works from a plot that has been used several times in advance, but it is still an idea that always has the chance to launch an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of later life, which is the ultimate unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who is not well-liked, and after he has died of an apparent haemorrhage in his stomach, there are not many people who are sad to see him. This means that his ghost is caught somewhere between life and life after death, so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this effort is his daughter. that I saw this movie is proudly proclaimed that the film is "in the style of HP Lovecraft," and that's one of the clearest attempts to sell a movie I've ever seen. There is nothing to remind even the great horror writer of this story, and the reason for that slogan seems to be due to the similarity of the titles with the movie "Beyond" - "Beyond" - which is much better. The film enjoys a distinct Italian style and the score is pretty good. Unfortunately, Fulci considered it appropriate to praise each scene of it - and so the theme quickly becomes annoying. The film is very boring, and most scenes simply involve the "desperate attempt" of the ghost to find things, or the daughter to question her family members. This film was made for Italian television, so it is not surprising that everything is pretty tainted. There is a bit of gore and a sequence of nightmare with zombies; but that's not Fulci we all know and love. Overall, this film is extremely mediocre and does not represent a good representation of Fulci's talent. It's not worth bothering you unless you're a Fuller.
