Grand Murder Central (1942) Dir: S. Sylvan Simon Production: MGM This mediocre "B" mystery was one of only five films released in 1942 with Simon as director. Sure he could have matched another movie or two Red Skelton movies in his program! However, Grand Central crime is a shameless rupture of thin films, minus the spirit, the charm and the chemistry of the rulers. We are treated in a thin paper plot, which can barely support the games for 73 minutes, badly acting and tired gags. Van Heflin and Virginia Gray are playing Nick and Nora Charer, Rocky and Butch Custer. He is a PI and is his wife and partner. They engage in a "humorous". See? It's completely different already. Heflin is the only one who looks at bigger and better things, though he's very close to being a bastard in it. Virginia Gray was in another thin man, but again let me point out, THIS FILM IS NOT ANOTHER LIGHT NOT, sir. And just in the case we start to think that this movie is absolutely nothing like another movie (say, THIN MAN) we actually like Sam Levene appears as a lead detective, which is sort of dim and must have Van Heflin in subtle way to direct it to all major leaders. Hmmm. Rapidly, "killing" is that of Mida King's scandal, who likes to exchange rich people until he finds a richer one. She is interpreted by Patricia Dane, who is like a C version of Hedy Lamarr, until he opens his mouth and turns into a F. There is a whole series of stuck suspects, all with their own motivation because they want Mida to die . He is the type of society, harsh Dames talk, bully, ex-loved, and shadow theater imprinter (Tom Conway, here weighed with the name of the unlikely character of "Frankie Ciro"). Roman Bohnen plays a nervous, nervous type, what he thinks he could have done before. Millard Mitchell plays an idiot policeman who, in a gag, who will not give up, can not stop thinking about the bottom piece he waits after this case is wrapped up (that is, Millard Mitchell, the swordsman) . Finally, in a method of breaking the storytelling completely, something I have never seen before, all the suspects are gathered in one place where their stories (like flashbacks) tell the detective that Rocky takes mental notes, eventually the guilty person is bound to blur dramatically a confession. <br /> <br /> On top of the real picture being a failure, I thought with naivety thinking there might be a series of photos of the real-1942 Grand Central location, but unfortunately not. There is only one very short kick in the beginning. Thank you for nothing, Great Criminal Central. So to summarize, a bit formic, but Heflin was fine. <br /> <br /> * ½ of 4
