Now, myself, I'm a boyfriend of the B genre, but this piece of garbage is insulting me to the end. First, the film plays Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying child who is looking for his lost dog with 3 legs. Now, please, what a bad luck a three-legged dog for a mute crocodile of God, please ask you? And is another point to discuss, why does Dinocroc look on the back of the movie box being enormous and actually in the water? I think if the memory served the water thing spent in 2.6 minutes and was only shy 6 meters tall, it was a heartbreaker. But the redeeming of the qualities of this film was that it was so bad that I almost died laughing, because you believed that the evil of action made me want my death. But it remains once again the fact that this is created by another military test site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all the evil things E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters to see that I topped the number one as the male leader and half the decent chick (who does not know how to act) as the woman led to that say WOW! The only thing worse than the act was the end of the course that heroes spend about what seems to be talking for 2 hours and planning a long elaborate method of killing the dinocchio only to fail and kill in an ordinary way that would be It could take about 15 seconds to come up with. Everything in this film was beyond homosexuality, with his random background music and the fact that he was probably the most gayest of all CGI monsters ever made with the fact that, of course, it was imperceptible to bullets and bombs were made for the military DUH!). The best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother came into the barrack, and he was eating it out of the way, making his head shudder, with a noise that I might add. I think it would be better to shoot your eyes then look at Dinocroc. And as for the director, I think we should take a bunch of people to hang him with a whistle and we'll all overturn him to lose an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then I can go alive.
