"Plan B" is a strict tariff through figures, except for one thing. I found it surprising to be rather insulting. Jon Cryer is the "star" of this movie and plays the usual, stunning, selfish, snotty character who was actually loved by "Pretty In Pink" It has not been funny since then. The grating does not even begin to describe its performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a blonde, blonde actor who struggles, who is just worried about his hair and being put up. Talks about a stock ... ugh. At least the other three characters are somewhat engaged. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a neat, optimistic, carefree couple who struggles to conceive. Since I am not the Dragon Dragon Queen, however, their roles are apparently boring and not given enough time on the screen. Sara Mornell stands out playing Gina, a beautiful, beautiful woman who does not seem to find the right partner in love. I have seen this character a million times before, but at least its performance exceeds some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of its situation. What scared me about this movie was the juvenile promotion of stereotypes. They introduced a Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and having fun with the way he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, ignorant and amazingly shallow. They have just warmed up, however, for the usual gossip about homosexuals. Gina decides to be gay for a while, because she is not lucky with the boys. Sincere. It was not so bad, except that they really went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends were throwing. Lesbian date had very short hair (as surely I do all lesbians). She was also quite upset (as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina was nervous to put on lipstick (!). Eventually, her date takes place around the party that hits almost every woman there and mouth when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how homosexual people can not remain faithful for so many hours less months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement Thank you.) This movie was based on a tiring and predictable premise to get started, but Cryer's performance that can not be touched, combined with idiotic stereotypes sinks this movie into deep depths small cinema. 2/10
