Imagine that in adapting a novel by James Bond to a movie, directors have eliminated all action and suspense to make him friends. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock he could not have asked him so his specialties could be classified as PGs. In the same way, the director of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" drew the enthusiasm and gore in favor of the melody for the smaller audience. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In an effort to make it easier for children to follow the story of "Something Bad In This Way", the filmmakers have eliminated the good and bad theme of both the world's and the good always predominating evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, the rescue of Charles Halloway by Jim and the defeat of the carnival. Turning Will into a more adventurous boy was turned off in the movie. The scene where the Powder Wizard visits Will's house in a balloon was cut from the film. Instead, a green fog follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witches and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has begun to overcome his fear of doing things on his own. He rises above the roof of a neighbor and breaks the ball with a bow, overcoming the witch. "I'm sorry, Dad, he thinks, and he gets up smiling, this time I'm out, alone," Will decides when he's ready to deal with her. (147) Removing this scene from the film prevents us from realizing that Will becomes more adventurous. The film shows us many examples of Will, who are afraid to follow Jim, but never grew curious as his friend. In the book, Will has a good, quiet part and a "bold" bold, like Jim. In the movie, every boy has only one way of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's theme, both good and bad, which is present in every person. In the book, Will saves Jim for their friendship, but in the film, Charles Halloway saves Jim to pay Jim's father. He'll take Jim out of the carousel of Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow without him. It's good in Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, who saves Jim from the evil carnival's curse. On the carousel, Jim motioned with his other hand to pull the wind, some of it, the small, white, separate part, who remembered their friendship. "269. This shows he was good at Jim's inside, but when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he makes him pay the debt he owes Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a little boy, by changing his motivation to rescue him Jim, the producers have destroyed Bradbury's initial idea that it is good to win against the evil. At the end of the movie, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him so much he can not resist and evaporates. In Bradbury's world, wicked people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and His message is that good will always prevails over evil, but only if this kindness is expressed outwardly. "Good for evil is sorry," says Charles Halloway while holding Mr. Dark's dying. "So I'll do you good only, Jed, I'll just hold you and I'll look at you" (275). In the movie, Mr. Dark is the only one left on the carousel when the lightning strikes him and he dies. By eliminating laughter and smile, the producers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if the lightning strikes the wicked. This takes away the major theme of Bradbury's book, which is that doing "good" to others, is breaking away from harm. Well, it can always triumph over evil, but trying to make movies more friendly to children will always force filmmakers to give up some of the themes in the books on which they are based. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" Will does not change, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not face the carnival. As a result, directors gave up too many of Bradbury's main points. The process of adapting a book to a movie often ruins the world that the author has set. In the case of this story, Bradbury's frightening world, the opposing forces of good and evil, has been reduced to a simpler, simpler version.
