Before you start, you must know that I am a big fan of many of Sonny Chiba's movies. His master biographical series, Mas Oyama, was amazing as one of the best martial arts films ever made, just like most of his Street Fighter movies. The action was virtually non-stop and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest film martial art practitioner in the 1970's. Because they are so good, I saw the one at least 15 of his films and recently bought something more (which I am in the process of looking at). Unfortunately, despite my love of these films, I DO NOT have a mind zombie that wows to man to such an extent that we have EVERY EVERY movie rated. There are some comments here on IMDb and I think someone who gives this movie a 10 should be ignored because it is such a technically bad film and it's not even close to being the best work of Chiba. A score of 10 is not a real rating - it's a fan of the zombie trying to make a statement about Chiba, not about this movie! As I said technically, this movie is terrible. Some of these were the result of seeing the US doubled version, with the irrelevant prologue and doubling. But most of the problem would be with the Japanese original. Working with the camera is simply atrocious-like chimpanzees (intelligent chimpanzees, yet chimps). Often, much of the rapid action of martial arts is missed because the camera is so sluggish, or the heads of the actors are loosened because of the inconvenience of production. And again and again, the camera enters and emits as if a new toy is used by an idiot, plus editing is beyond misery - with random and confusing cuts. I do not know whether the musical score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. Some sort of acid rock from 1970 was badly mixed with Ennio Morricone's "Spaghetti Western" music - it was annoying, distracting, and simply stupid. As for martial art, I think choreographers had choreography to improve things a little. Instead of the great fighting scenes you would have expected in a Chiba movie, the battles are too short and often missed by the camera! So what's left is the story ... and this can only be the worst part of the movie! It should be an anti-drug movie with Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film starts, he promises to destroy the drug trade in Japan. But the Mafia (complete with a single member who looks Italian, but who are ALL Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when a lady comes to Chiba with promises to give him information on how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk her life without conditions - even if she is never direct to tell her what she knows ! In fact, later it seems that she is just trying to use Chiba to protect her, while she sells herself a huge cocaine-packet - and continues to protect her! This makes no sense, and throughout the movie it seems that they shot the movie without a script - like when they went into bars and brothels and they had Chiba walked like he was drunk. > <br /> So if it was so bad, why is it worth a 3? Well, first, there are several horrible marital art videos (like many of those in Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with boys dressed in kung fu gorilla suits and their manipulators with the tongues of 3 legs that were used by the fight (now it is bad). Second, while the action is very poor compared to other films Sonny Chiba, compared to his contemporaries, it is not that bad. However, you can easily do much better than this awesome little movie. By the way, if you wonder if this is the worst movie Sonny Chiba, it certainly is not! In one of his first films, INVASION OF NEPTUNELS, Chiba plays a T-shirt-wearing superhero who fights against Neptune-based planet invaders. It is so bad that it compares to PLAN 9 in the EXTERNAL SPACE and saved HITLER's brain from horror. A final note for parents - Like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this is very violent and has its share of boobies. DO NOT allow children to follow this no matter how much they beg! Make them wait until they're older before letting them watch the bad-martial arts movies with R-rated!
