The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie gives you a lot of him. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba poses; Honest chips; Chiba glares to the room; Chiba fisted and hit sushi live from a bunch of bad guys; Chiba sat down on the sofas and chairs and looked at the bad luck; Chiba is driving his car ... I like Chiba as an actor and artistic artist ... but even for a Chiba fan, this movie can have too much Sonny Chiba. It's obviously something of vanity for him. And no, I would not put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" it plays a ruthless and amoral anti-hero and shares the room with an interesting distribution of friends and foes. Here, he is in front and center almost all the time, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee has entered into one. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat have not been able to take this along the entire feature film, and Sonny has just lost his favor. At least he could have changed his suit once at a time. The film is still mocked by an entirely free and badly made section of the initiative (apparently set on the face of the film for the American Version) and a joy "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba!) That starts things on one foot wrong. There is a delusive and inappropriate detail - Sonny (or his regular English stand) could not be bothered to make the variants for the American version, so they took some poor drugs with a whole different voice and dialect, quite challenging coming from the face we all know and love from "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all these flaws and overexposure, it may still be a minor classic, but the work room and battle scenes are hopelessly cheesy. I'm willing to think Karate works if someone as amazing as Chiba's character should do, but the director and the cameraman covered their bets by cutting and editing battle scenes with a weed whacker so you can not really see what is in most of the time. It's not all bad: there are some decent photos and compositions, and there is at least a memorable and remarkable moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a truly inventive way. <br /> <br /> And in terms of the real plan ... look at it. For a "bodyguard," Chiba's character is an idiot. The scenario depends on the fact that he makes mistakes and overtakes that repeatedly place them (and the "client") in dangerous situations so that he can get out of it and, after 30 minutes, defeat even the most credible judgment of believing this guy is supposed to be any good. (Also, if his character really was to destroy the drug trade in Japan, he would have taken his client with his neck 10 minutes in the script and would shake him until the teeth spoke like a chestnut before he did spilled his little secrets ... and a lot of unnecessary death and conflict would have been avoided.) Overall, however, this film is far from the bottom of the cylinder. It's Sonny Chiba, and it's still fun to look. I paid a dollar to get this from the bargain DVD store to a local mega mart and I feel it worthwhile to look at it once.
