This is easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen and that's what it says. Song Chiva viva, viva Chiba is heard in the title, you will soon be played to you stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is driving drugs in Japan and a vocal man to stop them, of course it is our man Sonny Chiba. Karate Master offers his service to any person who can provide information about drug dealers. A woman comes forward and becomes bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? Can I tell at this moment who cares? Soon we are treated or tortured by a series of poorly choreographic struggles and an agonizing story that becomes more and more ridiculous at every moment. Sonny finally wipes bad boys with his karate skills, the end of the story. Yes, the woman was corrupt. Congratulations on watching just the funniest movie ever. As has already been said, this is one of the most serious martial arts movies I have ever seen. What makes it semi-tracked is to see how serious a movie can be. Some have already mentioned the American infamous film introduced into the movie. This is probably the most fun part of the movie and it's beyond fun. I would agree that it is worth looking just to see how blades the karate scene was in the 70's. Watch Aaron Banks leave a hook hanging on nuts, then flips a fat student (bad editing) in the throat. But everything is badly done in this movie. Wonderful incredible battles, fake means fake blood, bad action, doubling, wardrobe and let's not forget the story. A man to take a whole drug problem in a country? I bet. Fighting after battle is ridiculous. This was the 70th when people still believed that karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba brings it to levels with some of the crap in this movie. Let's see that he throws a weapon in half, hits a guy so hard, what his dentures seem to fall and, of course, melts the glass scene, give me a break. Not to mention that it is very hard to say what happens in the fighting, because it is filmed so badly. A part that was fun was when she broke the man's arms through the door, giving him a composite fracture. O.K. As the action continues, we are treated to blood gambs, false blood. It is too much to say that it is badly made and underestimated. The actor is totally non-existent in this film. I do not expect much from a movie of this caliber anyway, as long as the action is good, but it was not and how it was expected that doubling is extremely poor. Was my imagination or double Asian dancers going with a black accent? As expected from a 70 year old wardrobe you'll be sewing laughing at some of the trends and the ugly women made available for the free nudity that comes with these blows. Why would the mafia be so obvious and all if the black coats and black hats all the time? Do not try to hide it now. Characters were stupid. The owner of the pimp club, one of whom is dressed in a Japanese suit, and the other who has a taste for the bolt's head looks like a fat hippie. One last thing that disturbed me along the film was horrible music with whale hunting for women. It was very annoying. Generally, this is a terrible movie, both by martial arts standards and by making good movies. That does not mean it's not fun. With a movie made so bad, it's hard not to laugh at most of this movie if you can stomach it. It was an old favorite favorite with my best friend. If it were very bad, I would give her a star, but the laugh gives him birth. 4 out of 10.
