Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon show consisting of 2 episodes of 15 minutes on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional book animated by Washington DC and centers around George W. Bush's satirical, childish representations, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld, and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and act as minor characters. Little Bush's pilot, far from the expectations of this commentator, proved to be a fairly superficial and esoteric production, his promise presented: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although we must admit that the premise of the show has some merit, even if it would be hard to imagine a performance almost entirely based on denigration of a single political person who would survive to continue producing episodes after his term expires, which can only be described as being the worst and, in the worst case, absolutely horrific, he scored as little as the potential of the show. Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire," tends to disregard the real use of the particular instrument of comedy to block its targets in an extremely vulgar (but not particularly original, fun or funny) . The poor performance of the show often consists of little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere from nausea and placing them in a single 30-minute television block. Thus, most of the jokes presented by the writers were shameless clichés, some of them being in public circulation for more than 6 years. Comparing vice president Darth Vader, for example, may have been funny in the first 300 times that some have heard in Daily / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno / in any late talk show - anyway, but it's not funny here. As if this was not enough, the plots of the show seem to only exist as a means of advancing the same old, tiring jokes that writers have made the center of the program. In defending the show, when writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity), it is often somewhat humorous. If the show had to extend its depth to a certain extent and place its characters in new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" perpetuated by the Bush administration, that is why it should not be based on the same old jokes and again, the show could be considered somewhat tolerable and possibly even innovative. Finally, it is difficult to determine which defects cause the Lil Bush series the most damage; the lack of clarity of originality and the poor quality of writing, or its worrying ambitions. It is reasonable to expect Lil Bush to maintain a small base of left-wing fans, ie if they can bear extremely poor writing; as long as the program continues to remind the Bush administration. Even so, most viewers will soon recognize the program of what it really is, a weak and useless vulgar satire attempt, and find themselves in search of more intellectual stimulation; The price is correct, probably.
