Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it is funny. How much it matters as I try to convince myself, I can not believe that nobody in this world could find this fun for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! Okay, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. These "carnosa" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they're moving incredibly fast, but when you see them run, they run to speed ... to a rubber-actor who's trying to run as much as possible. And explosions are fun (there is no other word to describe it). At first, a bullet hits a jeep after the guys say, "What was that?" ... And the other explosions are also ridiculous. But the worst thing is the so-called scenario and story. Do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone renting this movie is waiting for a good movie), but at least the story must try to make sense. I mean, how hard it is to make a story about dinosaurs killing people at least coherent. Incredibly hard if you look at it. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make credible commands like your characters, tell the writers of this stupid, terrible piece of nonsense. I mean, what human being would make cheap jokes after one of his friends died? And they do a lot. And if you think a movie about the dinosaur killing soldiers can only be at least driven in the pack, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. Carnosaurii (who invented this tortured name anyway?) Attack (in the boring action sections where you do not see too much). The soldiers are thinking how to beat them (in incredibly funny scenes, where they try hard to be serious, but they can not convince even a second). So they attack the carnosaur, but their idea does not work (another ridiculous action sequence). Back to Planning (with a few jokes of blades thrown in) into another ridiculous scene. And that goes on and on, and on. And let's not forget about the action that is as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, this movie sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
