OK, we had greater hopes for this Carnosaur movie simply because it seemed that the sequels improved when they came out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought it better that it is newer, so it needs to be better? Well ... I quickly found out I was wrong. I was very confused with pouring. They brought back Rick Dean for another character, and Michael MacDonald as a police officer. Now for Rick dean lol, in Carnosaur 2 I thought he fit the role pretty well and was not very disturbed by him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow they put him as an elite soldier. Now we're hated here. Actually, the movie started pretty well with a decent fight with the gun and the dinosaur that escaped from there small trucks with a freezer, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a romantic comedy combination with very fun shows from part of retarded dinosaurs and floppy. <br /> <br /> <br /> I will begin with raptors first, there have been there shooter tails there that in the second were in the air, which look more frequently for a dinosaur that can run up to 50-60 mph. Now, when they fled, they turned back and forth, and the heads did not move at all. there the hands were floppy everywhere and since they were extremely poorly shot by the director they seemed stupid and instead. T-rex was extremely pathetic, they would be better using one of the two previous movies. At least one looked a bit frightening. The one in this movie showed he smiled all the time. The legs as they walked were hilarious, as if they were john wayne in the old west, all rigid legs, and others. LOL Another thing I noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck together with her body, so she looked and sounded (god the sound effects were terrible) delayed! Now, if I was the director, and I realized I had to deal with that, maybe it would have been a little harder to hide the deeds of deeds. As for the rest of the movie, it was the weakest and most powerful military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used did not make sense for the scenario. They even had a fight scene inside the warehouse where carnosaurs were roaming, now I was squatting this scene, because I thought that while this stupidity was going on, Dinos would get in there and cause damage . Instead, the director lost about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to watch this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies. You have delayed the military dinosaurs, retarded, delayed the script and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend the day you look at it. Now I'm not saying I'm not going to follow this, actually I recommend everyone to see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem like I'm ranked, but I really improve this film to what it is. It really is a lot of fun to watch because, while watching this thing you think of yourself, "did the director really do this seriously?"
