OK - First console: The mandatory '70 (good, correction - caiman) alligator is worse for underwater miniature ladders (full reptile length compared to boat size) using a toy alligator around the toy boat in wide-lit water - even for night-time photography! Unlike most primitive-killer-exploitative-western movies, the superstitious natives who battled and began to slaughter tourists seem unjustifiable this time. No one really abused the natives - exploited, yes, but away from abusive treatment. After all, he was one of the locals (canoodling with a spoiled supermodel during a moonlit taboo) that brought the curse of the Demon River on them, right? Tourists are slightly annoying (notably with the exception of the old-symbolic soul / blasphemous-gentle little girl-who-shine-of-the-heroes you often see in Euroflicks of 70), but far from deserving death violent - the doors of your neighbors, think. A couple is actually killed being heroic - notable in the fact that none of them performs the role of officer. There are only two direct villains in the whole movie, so resignations feel more arbitrary than cathartic ones. The succession in which the giant caiman abdomens down and scarves thirty tourists in less than five minutes will likely hit you unintentionally hilarious. The moment the locals decide not to erase the Western survivors and basically saying "hey, you're not so bad after all, I'm sorry for that agitation last night" - because the monster lizard exploded - you shook your head as if shows the music of the horns. You know, the local military dictatorship will destroy the village to handle the tourism trade after the credits have gone ... Pros: Barbara Bach. Barbara Bach. Barbara Bach. Barbara Bach. You know why you're interested in this movie first, right? I thought. If you are a complete Bach, get the DVD re-edited by NoShame movies earlier this year (remastered digital without any real explanations, apart from the director showing the current state of international film distribution). <br /> <br /> The hero is not bad at all, being far from an idiot (always a bonus in B movies), and the cynical kid offers most of the comic relief. <br /> <br /> It's worth a look, but get it cheap!
