I really do not manage to see the real surplus value of this movie. It's not bad to be hilarious. There is no nudity without yellowing or free (though there was a lot of opportunities). There is no gore. There is no suspense in the first hour of the movie, because there is a way to many scenes of tourists who have a party, and the locals have a funky tribal music. This last part was funny on many occasions: you see these indigenous people hitting congas and "jembés" and that's what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this line of musical bass on the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At one point, locals get angry and start killing tourists. Why suddenly? It should have been because evil white men built this tourist complex, which, according to their myth, awakened the god-alligator's wrath (in fact I lacked the explanation for that). But the natives helped a few months to build the tourist complex, why why sudden anger? And how the hell did they push the helicopter into the water? Everything is stupid and useless. This film also has the thinnest African-American model I've ever seen. At one point, the heroic leadership couple visits this cave where an old and crazy man lives. The only point for that scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's great, made of plastic and eating people. So for me. Alligator is a rather stupid creation. She is very rigid and still and does not bow her legs when she swims. The eyes do not move even when they are shot almost. I think they did not know animatronics in Italy in 1979. There are also plenty of interchangeable photos of local wildlife. I guess it's about movies. Like I said, the first hour was pretty tense and the only reason I did not stop the movie was that my cat fell asleep in my lap, I do not want to wake up sweet things. But the last half hour of the movie has improved. Finally, we will see an action when the alligator swims through a horde of people who collide, pinching their teeth and eating them. The fun and funny scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van on a bridge and collapse. We look at a box version of the wagon that falls into the river here. Funny. But beautiful shot. In fact, there are several other nice camera moves. Surprising for this type of shooting. I wanted to highlight some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to ruin it completely if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from him. If you want to see a decent alligator movie, then you see Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit that one is not Italian and is not a JAWS rip-off, but it is certainly more fun. And if you're interested in other films made by director Sergio Martino, then I strongly recommend the exciting fun of 2019: after the fall of New York. This is an extraction of all possible post-apocalyptic-future-of-doom-film. "Italians" and "rip-off", two words that go together very well.
