The thing that seems to me in this movie (unfortunately) is the introduction, where John Berlin (Andy Garcia) leads the city. You see Mercedes crossing a winding road through a forest that looks like the one loaded with Redwood trees. It's pretty nice. <br /> <br /> As for Andy Garcia playing a character with the Berlin family name, well ... Andy is too wide Italian / Latin to be acceptable. Can a Caucasian father marry his Spanish mother for this story? Who knows. But I can tell you that when you put him in a farmer's town and hicks, he stands out like a big finger, especially with his accent that turns on when he gets angry. Yeah, I know, she's fine, all right? He's still a good actor. The title refers to a serial killer who names Jennifer's victims. All victims are blind and dismember them. The killer took a break, but suddenly reappears when a blind witness appears (do not ask), Helena Robertson (Uma Thurman). Thurman does a good job of playing a blind person to my surprise. When I saw Lance Henriksen playing Sgt. Freddy Ross I was worried. Henriksen starred in some strange movies, especially late. I can not even look at him in the blood movie, Pumpkinhead. <br /> <br /> Berlin movies in a small town of L.A. as a detective. Start investigating Jennifer's crimes after finding parts of the body in the local landfill. His glow in discovering one of the victims was the blind seemed to have been removed. So was the irony of Freddy's murder, with the records and similarities of his name. I was very confused about how eight were "Jennifer". And the killer's motive, simply disturbed, did not have a punch. In retrospect, this movie is probably more true for life in showing an individual who is not capable of murder simply because it has become a bit worse in time or maybe looney toons have been born. John Malkovich does an amazing job in Garcia's query! Though no policeman would have legally allowed to push someone so hard and to conceal without being right. As for the end, it's a bit of surprise, but it's extremely questionable, just like Sgt. Killing Ross. The killer chooses to go after the victim who ran, opting instead to frolice believe. And there are so many opportunities she has in killing her to be ridiculous. I will not even destroy the end, because despite the shock, it is a good surprise. After that, you probably will say, as we did, "the boy was lucky!" 4/10
