*** Possible Spoilers Plot *** <br /> <br /> I love Dennis Hopper. I wonder why he accepted the role of a police detective in The Ground Spreading. This bloody film and I'll tell you why. It's a small town to get a contract for a sports arena. One thing: there's a killer in the open, and that's bad for business. The mayor makes an understanding of Irish death to find the killer and to make sure he never gets to court. Det. Ed Delongpre has other plans. He wants this guy to be caught, but he's level and believes in the system. He wants to see the system work. That might have been pretty good. It could have been riveted. It was terrible. First, he labels this guy a Serial Killer. Err no. There are specific criteria and none fit here. The bad guy killed five kids on the first day and I think it was 2 the next day. This whole movie stretches over a period of 48 hours .... Seriously Serial Killer action. I do not care what stray motives they finally gave, Killers Serial do their deed over a long period of time. Do not kill just 7 children in two days. This is a Spree. Well that irritating aside, the act was atrocious. The only name here was Hopper, and he is the only one who even came to withdraw his part. Unfortunately, he is a kind of cast-guy for me and I think he's doing the psycho parts much, much better. This was not a good vehicle for Hopper. She did not allow her to do what she does best, which means working really horribly. It's not that he did wrong, it's because I saw him do much better. Irish Mob guy, Johnny Gault (Tom McCamus - The Long Day's Night Trip) who deals with their investigation is just over the top rigidity. Contradiction? Not realy. He tries to play the cool and hard role and makes it so far that the character is only wood. Bored at max. It did not scare me. He did not inspire any emotion except boredom. I can not tell you how many times I checked to see how much it was until the end of this movie. The other thing about that is that he had the sensation of a movie made for television. You know what i mean. Poor production, low budget, reuse of cost-saving scenes. Just eh. Yanno? But, I feel like comparing them to them, it's an insult to those. Derek Vanlint was both the director and the cinematographer of this project. More than he could chew. I can not believe that Hopper must have taken this role as a personal favor to a friend. That's the only reason I can come. This was Vanlint's first position as director, third as stage designer. I hope this would be a learning experience for him. I will not destroy the end, if you decide to torture yourself with it, but I mean everyone has escaped the ball here. .. even Hopper. In a scene that should have emotionally crazy for the detective, it was just ... well .. blah. I have not seen any kind of anger accompanying the total speed - change this guy. Very disappointing. This 100-minute long and Rated R for violence and language. No child under the age of 13 will have any interest in pursuing this, so do not worry there. Not suitable for anyone anyway. heh. Get over it. You'll thank me later.
