The film had a good concept, but the execution just did not take that. What is this concept? Well, tell me, it's "Dirty Harry" meets "M". A criminal killer began to terrorize a city. Lead detectives (Dennis Hopper and Frederic Forest) have never dealt with a serial killer. The mayor and the head of the police desperately hire the local mob to hurry things ... go to places and do things the police could not have done to put an end to this mess as soon as possible. To be honest, this movie really has some good things to offer. Besides the concept, I liked the look of the murderer's hiding place. Norman Bates has his basement. This guy has a weird channel. In some of the photos, light reflects the water and creates reflections on the walls; often giving these scenes a scary, dreamlike quality. The actor was also good. Dennis Hopper is one of those actors who get rich with age. Once you get over it, however, more or less going down. The movie is paced too fast. The real investigation process from both teams feels very hurried, unlike the intricate and fascinating sense. This could have been solved in two ways: either to make the movie longer or to cut some of the subplots. Any of these would have allowed the crew to devote more time to the real mystery. For an example of how bad this is, one of the key hints that helps them to be zero to just the right suspect is this: at some point in life, the suspect went to a pet shop ... That's right it's ... I'm serious here. It's as if they moved from point A (the first hint) to point Z (the suspect) and jumped over all the "between" steps. Then there are the characters. The only ones I liked were two pockets that you meet about midway through the movie. Since they are some minor characters, I would call a bad sign. Finally, there is the mob's angle. This is the one that gets me the most because that's why I cuddled $ 3 to buy the DVD in the first place. I mean, what a hook! In the last 10-15 years there has been an absolute escape of serial killer shooting. The angle of the mob was a trick that could have helped him rise above the others ... but he did not. I thought the methods of gangsters would be brutal, but fun and thrilling at the same time; such as a watchful movie or something ... he might have even thrown heist films. We're talking about criminals, after all. Instead, we are given some of the most repulsive protagonists engaged in celluloid. The detectives question the witnesses. What does mafia do? They interrogate and kill them. Not even these witnesses are not that bad. In fact, we found that offenders are less pleased than the killer they hunt. Unless the good points I mentioned are enough to make your interest, I'd say you miss it. Perhaps one day they will reuse the same idea of ​​the story and will do it justice. I hope so. I do not like to see a concept so good that they lose them.
