Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best undervalued American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a serial killer. Most Hopper movies have always played the psychotic threat that threatens to blow up things or go into a snoring killing, but in this film, Hopper tried to keep that intensity and emotion while wearing a shield . Once I got into the plot of the film, I was comprised, but it's just the little things that eventually killed the movie. The concept of the movie is great - not only is the police moving to catch the killer, but we have a chance to see how gangsters work in capturing the murderer. The floor of the football stadium is ridiculous, but we need to involve the gangsters in the murder of the killer. That's all you have to say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to behave like a brilliant, experienced policeman, he could not realize that his acting was underweight and there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the case. The director was also terrible - he did not feel a true film, but rather a television production. This is most obvious when gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt the killer. When the leading gangster shot the other gangster in slow motion, the act was weak, predictable and terribly unexpected. Then I knew that the first time, the action would be atrocious. Camera angulation was amateur, and scenes that recall or haunting pictures of the younger sister of the killer did not have a true distinctive effect. If it had to be scary, it was not like that. Everyone was careful, and even for Hopper, I did not feel for his character, and I did not care too much about his relationship with his daughter. The last thing that bothered me most is the swat team. Once I saw the swat team in action, I finally thought something good. But I was wrong. First, the whole team was made up of 4 boys. This is impossible. Secondly, apparently the swat team does not have any training, because many times in their movie they wear their HKA4 machine guns with one hand. If the killer hides near the staircase with a rifle, these four idiots would have been thrown into pieces because they do not even target or pay special attention. He should have both hands on the weapon that targets the front, but it seems they do not take their work seriously and bend around. The third member of SWAT does not shout orders such as "Keep your eyes open, take care of you, we're good to go ..." In reality, they use hand signals or have radios. But they literally scream at each other - how should the murderer catch when he can hear you coming? And to the end, these guys have no plans - they seem to just run up and down going in a wild turkey race. In the end, they do nothing. This was the last straw. I'm not an expert on special forces, but basically what I have just outlined is pretty good sense. When the audience knows that the movie is terrible, action becomes largely the film's life economist - when you can not even make the effort to do the good, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to look at a crime thriller, do not bother with this. There's a lot of crime in the movie - but it's lacking in emotion.
