Antitrust falls directly into that category of films that aspire to make a wonderful point while it is uplifting and yet falls completely flat. I do not hate the movie, but there are missing key elements, such as suspense. There have been other attempts to make an interesting movie about computers such as Hackers and The Net. Everyone is too low. The unlikely end of The Net and Antirust seems almost identical. These endings of the movie suffer from a great error in perception: People in the PC business who have this self-indulgent self-ego that assumes that the population generally lives their lives are waiting to hear the latest PC and software news. I've worked for many companies and industries and all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own self-importance, just like this movie. The way they plotted the plot was pathetic. Milo's display, which is allergic to the death of sesame seeds, almost ingested one of a restaurant's restaurant basket, crossed the line of stupidity. Only his friend prevented him from dying. This makes us wonder how Milo could have survived for as long as he did, facing the dangers of Big Mac buns and Sesame seed breadsticks as they bind like them ... Sesame seeds Breadsticks and Big Mac cuttings. <br /> <br /> Antitrust does not give too much suspense. Patterned and foreseeable plot changes are easily revealed long before they were revealed (was someone really amazed when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying any real value of shock. And again, we still have a movie / story where, in the end, bad boys are watching the good guys "get the disc". We have to have a moratorium on this simple Simon Park line for about 20 years. Still, I pressed. Perhaps the end would be the gain, but not. The totally ridiculous ending in which we have the head of company security, another alleged evil guy, come back and be the good guy who lets Milo bring the CEO of N.U.R.V. Gary Winston was ridiculous. And, of course, coverage of Gary Winston's arrests is more feared than when Hinckley or Oswald were put in custody. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cut of the same character that Robbins played in Arlington Road. But this fits perfectly here in the Antitrust, which should be called "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". In the coming years, this movie will probably be exiled to only be displayed on your local UHF 3rd channel.
