When I sat down watching this movie, I was expecting little, because the plot deals with rather complex issues. The use of football as a launcher of complications has also been an interesting approach. However, unfortunately, despite its courage to address controversial issues such as cultural conflicts between Muslim and Western cultures, adding generational conflicts and prejudice to homosexual / lesbian, it leaves you down to the resolution, with a simple relief, film. This leads me to the impression that decision makers have taken too much of a task for themselves to take care of, trying to be deeper than they have been able to do. However, this does not mean that the movie is directly bad, because it makes the conflicts quite credible and also funny. The film manages to engage and have fun in this matter, but, as mentioned above, writers seem to have turned a little too deep. This has led to quite unrealistic character behavior towards the end in order to cope with growing conflicts. By dropping the ball at a time when decision makers could really have shown the brilliance by taking the film to another level of appreciation. Even if the movie does not at all time really try to be a deep play of drama, the setting has so much potential in plotting becomes a disappointment when the "ball drops". In this way, the film moves away from being a good comedy and reflected in a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left in Hollywood as the end. So even if the story is engaged and it can stomach the large amount of assembly, it can only help us turn our eyes to resolution. Personally I was almost to cry "finish already!" to the screen. There were some decent actions in the film, and the two young central female characters had some good moments. So are their parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting that leaves the film pretty little in terms of realism. It did not even seem very pleasant, but rather involved in itself despite its good deeds, which makes the imminent conflict between the girls look a bit tense. I gave the movie a 4, and they looked for a beautiful perspective to approach the subject. The script and cast have many credible characters, giving the audience the chance to recognize themselves or others. If it were disappointing, I would easily give the movie a 7 or 8. If you enjoyed this film, I would recommend the movie "East is East" that I think is just as good if it's not better interpretation of cultural conflicts, as well as amusement and commitment.
