My girlfriend has the habit of going to Blockbuster and choosing movies that no one ever heard. Of course, sometimes it has led to funny discoveries. Most of the time, the best things to say are definitely running for an hour and a half. He brought home a "Tip from a Caterpillar". She was delighted because the tape said it was funny. Lucky for us, propaganda on the boxes is never a lie. This movie was an exercise in patience. This is one of those movies where, if you are not a pretentious and superficial person who likes to watch movies about you, you will hate any character in the movie. Until the introduction of the beautiful character. Which annoying lead character will fall in love and act so that in the real world it will take someone away. <br /> <br /> THANKS FROM HERE <br /> <br /> So a bunch of emotionally demanding artists, vagabonds, confident in love and career success. Then they meet a beautiful, intelligent, mature emotional and loving character (almost perfect guy). Then we look at the woman, the annoying pretentious artist (in her 30s) gets angry when she falls in love. So she tries to run away from the handsome, intelligent and mature emotional man and stay with her married man with whom she has sex but is naked. She is rude to the man and does everything in her power to chase him. In the real world, it would have been quite successful. I definitely wanted to run away from her and I did not even have a relationship with her! Although nice that man "fought for his love", I never wanted to have it. (Neither my friend) She did not deserve it. And why do I ask, did the director think that the "almost perfect guy" should be punished by having to gain a relationship with her? When the artist asks the "almost perfect guy" to leave, we were screaming to leave. There is a problem with a movie when the film's heroine is so annoying, childish and stupid that you want it to fail. Beyond that, let me say that Andy Dick made me laugh a few times even though his character was also pretentious to the point of annoyance. As far as the other characters are concerned, morally and annoyingly morbid characters have been well-behaved. It's a comedy and I can say I've laughed a few times in the movie. Unfortunately, laughter did not take place until the last 10 minutes. But when I had these laughs, I prayed for the movie to end too much. I needed to get these ship characters out of my life. If you want to look at people you do not like to fight with love for people they do not deserve, then this is the movie for you.
