I saw this movie with Indian friends on Christmas Day. The quick summary of this film MUST be avoided. JP Dutta wrote, directed, produced and edited this film and did not do any of these jobs well. The film tells of Pakistan's 1999 attempt to capture part of the disputed region of Kashmir in India. It is supposed to be based on the fact that you have a suggestion in this movie about the Indian army's difficulty in recapturing the Pakistani troops - who occupied the high ground. But instead of saying what must have been a convincing and heroic story, all this movie is that the Indian army looks ridiculous and bad, which they know is not true. I watched this film with almost the whole Indian audience, who were very patriotic and clearly wanted to enjoy this movie, but they also laughed at scenes that were not meant to be funny. The script was absolutely absurd. She had the impression that Mr. Dutta did not know anything about how an army operated and used bad war films as a reference. The result is a scenario that is not brain and repetitive. The act of most directors was not stellar, but given the scenario they were given, I find it hard to criticize them too much. As for the distribution of support, all I can say is that I hope they are amateur. Editing was also pretty bad. It was hard enough to follow what has been happening for a long time and the music will suddenly end up with the changes of the stage. Good Things: The cinema was pretty good, although it was hurt a bit by the fact that the film does not seem to be corrected for color (color balance often varies significantly in scenes). Also, some of the songs that were in the movie were pretty good - for the first half of at least ten lyrics. Unfortunately, they went much longer than they should have. And the most serious murder of all? This disorder is four hours long. It's enough for a good publisher to collect almost a 1.5 to 2-hour film of what he shot. Unfortunately, a good publisher did not work on this movie.
