I saw the trailer for this movie a few months before launch, and MAN, it seemed scary, especially as this movie is based on a real life phenomenon. I was incredibly interested and I thought this movie could eventually be a decent horror / thriller movie after years if it was stupid. Well, you know how movie trailers make a movie better than it is: it can show all the horrible parts or go beyond certain elements. The ads for the movie made both of them, which led to my disappointment. Under no circumstances is "the most disturbing film of the years". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing release this week. This movie takes the whole "fact-based" thing too far. This movie was not completely stupid. I have to admit that he kept my interest, and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man seeking supernatural answers. Apart from that, however, this film is a big cliché. After the death of John's wife, he teaches EVP, which conveys the voices of the dead to everyday electronic devices. He receives messages from his wife at once! Dear good! It's not just his wife reaching for him, but other dead. Gee, imagine it. A movie about helping people dead. Come on, give me a break! Clits do not stop there. There is also the obligatory clock trick-stop-to-same-exact-time-every-night and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only was the film cliché, but it was not tangled. The movie was literally two jump scenes, and the two scenes are almost identical. The end is horrible because it leaves the WIDE OPEN door for a sequel. There is also a final message with a message saying that only 1 of the X voices heard through EVP threatens with a happy song playing. The way to break the mood, boys. Lord! Finally, if you want another horror movie, please see White Noise. The only reasons I could think someone would watch this movie is that either the person is a Keaton fan or he is interested in EVP. Sure, PEP's aspects may be somewhat interesting, but I do not like filming my thoughts in the movie and throwing myself in front. This movie tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. You know you have a blade movie when commercials use ghosts to talk about the movie there. "I will see this movie more".
