John Rivers's life as an architect and family man took the worst turn when his wife disappeared and was dead after a strange accident involving changing a tire on her car. In the days when he was absent, he faced a man who followed and told him that he was in contact with his dead wife on the other side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course he does not believe it, but he hears when he gets strange phone calls from his phone and so he contacts the man to find out more about E.V.P. Soon, John is captured by him, but something supernatural does not like to interfere with the dead, as now someone else, when he contacts his wife, the white noise anticipates events before it happens. has been on my shelf for a while, I thought I'd better watch her, because it was not my copy. But again, I do not think the owners rushed to get it back because they did not ask me about it. Good. So I decided to give him a piece, because I was in a state of undeniable. After hearing and reading all the bad news, I did not expect anything good, but I was distracted for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes because the last half hour was pretty much a blur of confusion. The movie is not as good as it could have been, but time breezed pretty fast, even if it's a rather warm supernatural thriller. I thought it was not a waste. For the first hour, I found some interesting sequences quite interesting and there is a frightening anger generated by a slow progression of the subtle silence and tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately it is about stopping later in the movie. Then hopes of predictable leap come in their own and somehow do not fit the context. She gets quite agitated, loud and very muddled with its MTV style and cinematic camera approaching action. I could not understand what was happening in the climax and suddenly. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the overall picture is pure hokey. It is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it goes for something big, but it touches the bottom of the rock. I thought they did the job until then with the work of lighting and the camera. In addition to distinct illumination, the score maintains this atmospheric motion. Everything is very thin with its glossy and fancy hardware, which makes it come as very sterile and empty. You can easily see that the heart of the film is in the technical components and not in the expansion of characters and storytelling. There is no connection and lasting feeling in this thin material. After a while, he's just trying too hard to convince you that he's falling into manipulative emotions and getting stuck in many blood clotting things beyond the grave. It was quite repeated when someone was watching a fuzzy TV screen afterwards. The E.V.P car was the star on the show. Well, they had a bigger impact than limp performance. Michael Keaton is more than a capable actor but lately he has disappeared from the map and here he offers modest performance as being dangerously obsessed with John Rivers. However, it deserves much better. Everyone is pretty fragile and forgetful. Not because of performance but lack of depth in their characters. This clunker was not bad to start with, but it is the pear shape that drastically breaks off. I would not like to see him again and I would not recommend anyone if you do not have an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent harvest of horror / thrillers produced by Hollywood. It's just a shame that this extraordinary movie did not succeed in putting it together successfully, as she promised in her idea and more than a decent meal. I did not look, but what a disappointment.
