Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the poorly developed characters, and the premise is irritating to the poor. It all begins when Michael Keaton, freshly doing nothing worthy of Batman, loses his beautiful wife, Anna, to a car accident possibly caused by driving one of those convertible VW bugs, even if she should to be rich. In his suffering, Batman moves into a new apartment and takes a hobby: he does not record anything and then follows him. He taught this from a really greedy pathetic guy who was killed by three high peoples living on television. Very soon, he begins to see dead people, thanks to the EVP or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which is obviously the business where the dead can send messages to the living people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead mobile phones she is ... DEAD! ... There must be ghosts ... No other possible explanation ... Better you should start mixing with this without discernment. "etc.) Why can not I just write something on a piece of paper or knock over some things to form creative icons is never explained. From time to time, Batman eventually discovers that he actually sees the future and decides to help this woman she does not know. He comes out of the house just in time, because the dark guys come in immediately after they leave ("Give me!) He can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but you be able to be on time! I'm right? He follows this lady in a warehouse and finds out that this character in the first ten minutes of the movie (you look hard or will miss it!) He is actually a serial killer who works for three elevated demons who in Raiders Lost Style Ark is moving away and killing him, showing that the cartoons that are. Only then detectives come in and save the lady. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message across the grave excusing his son to be an idiot, obviously the best way to protect his child from EVP's horrors is to expose him. The kid just smiles. Nothing happens, even when his father, Batman, of course starts talking with the TV. The high point of the movie was when someone's phone rang and a guy shouted, "It's Anna!"
