Casting people: David Jannsen starred 38 Robert Drivas's father, who was then 31 years old (yes, I realize he should have left college, but the clues in the script make him a loafer and probably he is 24-25 in the scenario --- who still puts Jannsen in the grades of Junior High). I suppose AMA wrote medical miracles in 1938 in medicine. This film has not grown old enough, and now it's just an appeal to see a quick blow to Sin City, circa 1969 and all the uninterrupted smoking, strange hair (Drivas has an atomic comb that makes him sow a cousin - Cousin It hold ) and trendy fashion that went with her. If somebody remembers, LV was not exactly London ... in those days, the city has grown up with mobsters and coders. Drivas falls as sexually ambiguous; his father thinks he might be homosexual (in a sad irony, Drivas himself died of AIDS at the age of 47), and the soap conflict stems from the issue of the generation gap (as if it were a gulf 7 years). Sonny boy wants to be his own man and his father wants to shoot him in the casino (Caesar's Palace!), And hits him with girls (including Eny Williams). Quite interesting, the son does not seem to think of being gay - unusual for time, and a cute Brenda Vaccarro is nearby to leave the platonium over him. What nudity there is terrible - just what was needed to attract the public for an "R" rating in the early days of the MPAA rating system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and X). Editing is HORRIBLE and there is silly stupidity by the Committee (a neo-avantegard comedy from the late 1960s, which has mercifully escaped from the map in a few years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack dealer ... apparently preparing him for a floor manager role in CASINO much better two decades later. Not to give up anything, but he would have faced Mr Rickles's character with electric tools and a hole in the desert at that time. A curiosity in the best case, far from Joshua Logan's usual quality of work. Dos / Dias. Now go CASINO watch again ...
