Combat (edited) together with dead body parts (dead scenes) from the bodies (Anchorman), Frankenstein Monster (Wake Up, Ron Burgundy) is definitely not a sight for the sick eyes (something you ever want to look at twice. ... it may even be one time for that.) More often than not - the relativity of the WURB scenes are made relevant by a third person narrator. And worse is the fact that the WURB characters are not in line with the versions we had at the end of the Anchorman (in the opening of the story we are told that WURB takes place immediately after the original). At the end of the chateau, Burgundy has grown since the beginning of the film and hugged having a co-anchorwoman / loving hybrid. In this film, he returns to his unbelievable antique, with Veronica's phone calls (quite clearly that there are several scenes from the original Anchorman in WURB.) The part that makes this a film, a story that is constantly evolving, involves a banana-stolen clan, without a cause called Alarm Clock. These scenes are almost painful. This part was removed from the original Anchorman scenarios. Most other scenes involving the Channel 4 news team are clearly alternate / deleted on Anchorman scenes. They go to the same party as in the original, in the same original and "same group", and the same cat fashion segment that Veronica had objected to reporting. Burgundy renews its first meeting with a place where she heads to San Diego and dine at the favorite club in Tinos. None of the characters mention the fact that they were on the scene before and when Burgundy enters Tinos with Veronica, he introduces it as if it had never been before. Oh, and they wear the same clothes as they did at the original date. Still, I have to give credit to movie makers - even though WURB is nothing more than a smart way of presenting erased scenes with the narrative. Between the two stories of Ron Burgundy - this is the weakest. Looking back, it's a good thing for Anchorman to get out of WURB's ashes. You stay fashionable, IMDb. Thank you for stopping.
