This movie is not interesting, except for the first ten minutes. Rhythm and editing are a perfect introduction to an overall piece, even better than Gosford Park says. Then inexplicably slows down, loses concentration and begins to resemble a traditional French film, only to regain the love relationship between Antoine (Depardieu) and Cécile (Deneuve). In the middle there are too many edges and ending in the story, many of the yarn started does not end. ******* SPOILERS AHEAD The main story is the relationship between Antoine and Cecil. He was loyal to her after the relationship many years ago, despite her remark and the establishment of the house in Morocco. As a builder he now rebuilds his own life and recovers his life by taking Cecil's marriage mask. After doing this, he is buried after a strange (literally) accident and becomes a coma. He wakes up only after he has burned his old image, as an indication that they have reconciled themselves to the past and can revive their lives together again. ******* THE SPHERE OF SPOILERS It remains unclear what vision this director wants us to see because there are so many other stories here: illegal immigrants want to enter Europe, there are frequent radio broadcasts about the overthrow of the former regime of Iraq. Cécile's baby is bisexual and bit by dogs (loyalty) once she meets her boyfriend, while her girlfriend seems to be sick (that's why?). Her sister is Islamic and is in a relationship with Cécile's husband. Explains that Morocco is useless in the back, despite the whole building, there is a brilliant colonial vision that shines through the fact that it almost glorifies the past. It describes Islam as being backward and prone to extremism, which may sometimes be true, but certainly not in general. Finally, it can best be described as adding a certain local language and leaving you in place. <br /> <br /> Deneuve and Depardieu are wonderful. With this material they are so familiar that they are able to rotate something extra in each scene: lifting an eyebrow, body language, radical pride, inconvenient behavior. The film itself is disappointing and only confirms the limited role of French cinema in today's world. With some notable exceptions, of course.
