This is one of the best strokes I have ever seen in my life. The end is something I have to see to believe. The film begins with Harry Standing and Phillip Standing sitting on the stairs, with their mother watching their dad descending on the chimney while dressed in a Santa costume. He puts gifts under the tree, eats biscuits and milk and then goes back to the chimney. Phillip goes to bed, but Harry goes down just to find his father dressed in a bride suit who loved his mother. Then Harry climbs up the stairs, crushes a snow globe, grabs a piece of glass and cuts it. Then go to the present. You see Harry. He is a lonely man who sleeps in a Santa costume and supervises small children through a pair of binoculars. He has two books. A good book for children and the other for bad kids. He writes everything I do in these books. The guy's a creep. She also works at the Jolly Dream Toy Factory. His brother Phillip has a family and two children and lives in a beautiful home. When Harry finds out that his boss is just a profit, he goes and collects all the toys and delivers them to some children. Then he travels to a church and kills four people. Then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree. The children catch him, but they return to bed. So Harry goes to the bedroom and kills his father and leaves. As he walks to a house, a bunch of kids find him and approach him. Parents are nervous and try to make the children return to them so they will not be injured. How do I know Harry is the killer? Sure, you have to be suspicious, because you never know who might be. Harry gives the children gifts and the father pulls out a switch blade in an attempt to stab him in front of the children. When Harry runs out, the people of the world launch torches and aim to kill him. I do not even know he's the killer. When Harry arrives at his brother's house, his brother and he have a little talk, and Phillip strangles him. He just loses consciousness. Phillip charges Harry back into his truck. When Harry wakes up, he comes out. Ending is something I can not believe. Once again, you'll have to see him believe that. One thing that bothered me was Santa Claus. That's right, the man in the Santa costume they saw was a white man. So why did they bring a black? Jump over that and see Night Silent Night Deadly and Santa Claus. You'll get the money worth the two movies. I'm better than this pile of rubbish! I give this movie a star of 10 stars. I want to give him 0 stars because that's what this film deserves.
