Stewart Kane (Gabriel Byrne, VANITY FAIR) meets with his friends in Jindabyne, Australia, for a weekend of rest, rest and relaxation. But when Stewart discovers that the body of an aboriginal woman is floating face down in a river, things seem to have proven to be the worst thing. The biggest victory of the weekend is people's reason. They do not leave the ravine and instead end their fishing weekend with a few big catches. Then he goes out and reports the body. The city and the lives of men quickly turn into misery. Local media also stabbed allegations of aboriginal prejudice behind local residents. Claire's wife, Stewart's wife (Laura Linney, EMILY ROSE EXORCISM) feels the deeper meanings of what her husband and her friends did, but she has to struggle with her through her own mental illness. In the midst of this chaos is the life that was this young woman, now a media show, scattered on a morgue plate. Its killing and subsequent decomposition into the water are symbolic of what was under the city of Jindabyne: a division of men and women, black and white, social and defeated. The only people who seem to understand part of what is happening are two young children: Stewart's and Claire's son, who is headed by a half-breed Aussie mother who was killed a few years before. The young man lives with her grandparents and tries to leave her mother as good as possible and the discovery of a new body seems to be? Pretty weird? a method in which to do this (again, Jindabyne's current stream is assumed). Everyone in this city of Jindabyne feels what is hidden beneath its surface, but none of them are willing to sink into dirty water and look around (the symbol is seen here when a nearby lake is used for rest and swimming is said to contain the old town of Jindabyne under its surface). None, that is, until Claire forces them. The movie is interesting if it's too complicated. There are too many story lines that have to be explored and are simply not being done; too many lost threads. The actress was fine, but the shooting was terrible. Tumultuous rooms, grainy or dark photographs, and only a generalized weakness hurt the whole production. I like the symbolic films, NORTHFORK being one of my favorites all the time. But Jindabyne had to touch his head above the cloudy water so that he could see his own problems, which simply did not happen.
