This is not art, it is politically correct domestic-urban propaganda! Jindabyne's political intolerance is beyond consideration ... he does not see people as individuals, but rather as members of the categories. This is the most patronizing, offensive Australian movie that I can ever remember against fairly rigid competition!). A message movie, every tired theme loved by fashionable left is there: Aborigines are victims; white people are violent or alcoholic; white women are not that bad - especially if they are lesbians - but they are most likely of a depressive nature. Four men who go fishing find the body of a woman killed (Aboriginal, of course) and leave her in the river for a few days while she fries the trout. It's a weird decision taken with almost no discussion, as if people were animals. The only man who is old is the good ... we know this because he lives with a bisexual woman - he likes to keep his baby very much - and eventually goes to a more costly location (far from all the inhabitants of bush). This is a film made by those trendy urban planners who live in fear of the Australian landscape and those rednecki wicked living inside. The ignorance of country life is as shocking as her contempt. The film is filmed with long bush views, backed by transformations, mysterious music. It has been made very clear that the Aboriginal people are the only ones in the landscape. In Jindabyne, the life of the country is reduced to a little more than a background for a story that implicitly proclaims the superiority of the values ​​of the left-wing Enlightenment of the world enlightened by the inhabitants of the other Australians. This film was not made by people with real jobs but was funded by the Film Finance Corporation. It is a product of the artistic set, that soul-filled void, populated by beautiful people, for whom bad government funds support these offensive projects (which are as detached from real life) as opposed to the popular movies that people want to will give. It does not matter if the movie is a stinker, they are still paid. <br /> <br /> Have fun from the waste of time, avoiding it like plague. Social comment more fun than real entertainment, this movie deserves to be cut!
