This movie is really very creepy. Unfortunately, not for the reasons the filmmakers would have hoped for. There's also a serial killer, but that's not what's creepy. He's just your standard comic bastard, a cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, but with nothing extra fresh to add to them. In fact, even for the dirtiest and most convicted of the criminals, can they be held in a chain of stress, feet, arms stretched 24 hours a week a week? I suppose that in the world that gave us Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay, anything is possible. No, what's really creepy about this movie is the central character, Danny. This ungrateful young man, helped and supported by some ridiculous safety arrangements and unconcerned with any notion of professional ethics or patient confidentiality, wanders in the hospital room occupied by what can only be described as an extremely young vulnerable and defenseless woman, and on the basis of nothing (her chronic sleep prevents her from being able to give any informed consent) imagines herself that she has a special relationship with her. It seems that in a few days she has shown her the right to kidnap her, believing (falsely, as we discover) that it is better to care for her than anyone else and that, within minutes of her return to her apartment, sexual intercourse, again because of his drowsiness), entirely unable to consent or to resist. Our suspicions of feeling this link are soon confirmed. He is, of course, more or less incapable of forming adult mature friends, not to mention sexual relations, so instead he falls back on this infantile woman who, because of her permanent sleep, is of a mental age corresponding to an experience lived only a few years. The scene in which he discovers ice cream is particularly frightening, and the familiar appearance that he usually gives when he says in an awesome fashion that he will have to clean it again causes some horror of excitement. But again, I'm afraid, not that trembling horror the filmmakers hoped for, but a much simpler spasm of repulsion. We can all see clearly what is at the end of our forays - it is the perfect dream of the pedophile of innocence, sexual respect and total addiction. Horrible, horrible, horrible. What else do we have in this movement? Twisted vessels are not as good as Del Toro. Mandatory argument "You have to go to the police," where the main character always has a reason not to do so, even though it is the only sensible way of action. The automatic sequence, much praised in the comments here, though completely and absolutely useless ("It does not serve any function!" As Sigourney Weaver protests memorably in Galaxy Quest) and looking at me like the Phibes abominable doctor rehashed into one of Saw derived. <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Combs does the best, so a star for that, and a couple more because you have to keep lower rankings for movies that are even worse than that and generally shot and competently.
