New York, I Love You, Or I Should Tell You To Manhattan, I Love Looking at Your People, Sometimes Love, is a precise example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. In this case, look at two of the movie segments in which Ethan Hawke ignites a cigarette for a woman on a street and continues to talk to her with an inappropriate sexy conversation, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to score a movie with a a distrustful request from his director to read two Dostoevsky books. While the latter is not a great story of any stretching, it is at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer tries to score, Dostoevsky throws him in his lap and finally gets help (and maybe something more) from a girl she spoke of as a connection between him and the director. Ethan Hawke's scene, however, does not look like anything, and feels like a fluke added to or directed by a director who calls him (or, for example, Hawke with a combo of Before Sunrise and Bites Reality). /> <br /> What is irksome about the general movie is to see some stories that really work well going against one or two possible "stories" and then the rest of the situations that are unfolding that are made to connect or overlap with each other (that is, bits involving Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not so much that the movie, virtually always in * Manhattan * and not in New York in Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even Harlem or Washington Heights) - does not have a great diversity, it's something . There is a lack of imagination that you find in the way for better or worse in Paris J'taime. In general, it has nothing to do with New York, except for reference references, and at the worst of them (the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) is incomprehensible at a terrible level. for television and do the best to get in and out of the movie, that is, for three scenes: the Bloom / Christina Ricci segment, which is charming; the segment directed by Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner), with a very fun story about a teenager who took a girl in a wheelchair just to come up with a big contour; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a rather old adorable couple going to Brooklyn on the 67th anniversary of the wedding. Everything else can be missed, even Natalie Portman's directorial debut and the return of a Hughes brother (only one, Allan). A mixed bag puts it lightly: it's like you should have looked through a mixed bag of crappy peanuts to find the few remaining almonds.
