Have we ever been overwhelmed by Joe Dante's original, THE HOWLING (1981)? so I was not particularly interested in checking all of his sequels; some time ago, I caught HOWLING III: MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? by the same director as this one? and found her to be supervised, but nothing special. The second tranche, however, has a bad enough bad and I knew we would have a good time watching? if he basically loses himself in front of a strange love drama, but Christopher Lee, sneaking in the middle of her (the graceful star has often said in interviews that he did not appear in the horror- the last picture of Hammer in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should have the subtitle "Your movie is a turd"? being incredibly inept in all departments (beginning with the werewolf makeup)! <br /> <br /> Complot (and dialogue) is not only terrible, but has the clearest connection with Dante's movie? strange enough, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner co-wrote himself! Still, one of the undisputed highlights (er ... low points) of the movie is the useless elliptical edition? who tries to give the whole style, but serves only to accentuate the embarrassment factor! Similarly, forgings (and grids) are transitions between hokey scenes, punk-rock themed melody and the special effects of cheapjack at the climax! <br /> <br /> But about the characters, then ?: Lee is the Werewolf expert, of course, that everyone thinks is a crackpot? until they come into contact with the monsters, that is; at least, however, you must admire the ingenuity of the producers (or dragon) to create a silly subtitle with a dual meaning! Besides, Sybil Danning (like Stirba, Witch Werewolf - the subtitle she's known in the UK!) Is quite interesting in a variety of S & M scandals ... but her character has nothing to do (except the presence of the chickens of her followers and to engage in occasional sex hilariu with three kinds of lycantrope!); her two wandering lieutenants (one of them a black black girl) are particularly irritating. Aiding Lee on the side is the two yuppie heroes (he is the brother of character Dee Wallace from the first film and she is her colleague) and a guerilla band tattooed by Transylvanians (however, they generally manage to overcome the effort to overcome Danning's spikes). Notable among them is a dwarf throwing knife, which becomes a particularly ugly (but at the same time divided) death; he later revived, under Stirba's control, to attract Lee (making everyone in the streets of the village) to persuade him in a trap. The latter scene must be a superior career for the distinguished and imposing actor? well, either this one, or the early sequence in a disco where Lee is made to make a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses so that it's unclear between the young parties! to mention the elements that were not at all desperate, I think I could say that the set of ossuari (in which heroin will be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the breeze wind / creature of bats (Danning's animal who likes to "live" the body of his victims) is too strange to be despised ...
