Slightly shot, inappropriately filmed and continued amateur, for Joe Dante's classic in 1981. "The Howling" is one of the two or three GOOD WATER films ever made and yet was "rewarded" by a series of unpleasant and unbearable sequels like this. If it's a consolation, "Stirba" is just a sequel to the name and there's no connection with the characters or events that were introduced in Dante's movie. Here, the plot revolves around a bloodthirsty cult of Transylvanian werewolves? especially female ones? led by Stirba. Stirba is interpreted by Sybil Danning, who transforms from an old lady into a blonde super blonde (with impressive chest) in blinking eyes and gets all the hair when she wakes up sexually. The enemy of his arc is played by Christopher Lee's obvious tiredness. The character of ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator who travels to the Stirbey kingdom, accompanied by an American couple who has lost his friend of the werewolf cult. If you look for a dirty gore and a free nudity ... this is your movie. Even the smallest killing is shown in detail and we are even treated to explode the bubbles and the vague image of a dwarf pierced on a fence with legs. However, if you want a low substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. Dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no tension to detect anywhere. The writers seem to constantly confuse the vampire werewolves (the Transylvanian setting, garlic, wooden handles ...), and Danning's wonderful balcony is exploited shamelessly as a single gimmick of the film. During the final credits, a blow in which she breaks off her tip is repeatedly re-edited (according to my reviewer colleague Dr. Gore, not less than seventeen times!) That is pathetic and useless . Music is fine and some landscapes are quite beautiful. I'm talking about the fiery statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of the Stirbey castle. Philippe Mora's direction is a huge mess and? for my part ?? his only film that deserves to remain "Beast Within", released three years ago.
