From the moment Christopher Lee puts a pair of punk sun glasses and tries to sneak into a punk rock club, you know you have a stinker on your hands! This movie had a potential. Under all the sludge are the remains of what could have been done in a decent, if not interesting, film. The final product is nevertheless a real challenge. Aside from free nudity and some very attractive women, Howling II becomes a ridiculous excuse for a horror movie. Christopher Lee gives him a credibility nugget, but even he can not raise him above the level of shit. After not seeing any of the other films in this series, this critic will be forced to accept that this is a genuine sequel to the events of the first part. We start at a funeral for one of the original characters and in the first ten minutes we are in Transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to fight with a werewolves' coin. The movie is quite good and there are not many dead places. The action is there; it's simply not filming well. A bright spot is the music of a punk band named Babel. Even if their play plays quite often, it is quite appealing. The problems with this movie are numerous. First, the act is worse than pitiful. Christopher Lee is pretty good, but this is over. The two leading Reb Brown and Annie McEnroe are deprived of everything you want for such characters. The writing is miserable, the redundant edition and the amateur direction. There are some tricks of great effect, but the bricks weigh them in numbers. Sybil Danning is nice to look at, but her performance is less satisfactory. Judd Omen shows the role he plays, but the voice and the action are not at all convincing. Much of the dialogue is in incomprehensible language that may or may not be Latin. I liked the general idea of ​​the story. I always enjoy the stories of true believers who struggle with the seemingly invincible forces of evil. A scene where a small group of good boys travel through a dark forest and shooting a bunch of werewolves is just as exciting. Cam. Perhaps a larger budget or a better director could have made the rest of the movie a bit more convincing. 3 out of 10 stars <br /> <br /> The Hound. Side Note: From this writing, the censors on youtube.com have not yet taken down the final credits with Sybil Danning ripping off her top several times while Babel is playing! Grab it while you can!
