Howling II starts since it means continuing with a bizarre and surreal narrative narrative of Christopher Lee, whose image is imposed in a field of stars in motion, oh and a skeleton also appears for some reason. He says: "For it is written that the inhabitants of the earth have drunk with her blood." And I saw her a hairy rage, and held a challis of gold full of the dirtiest fornication, and on the forehead was written, I am the great mother of an inaccessible word I could not give, no matter how many times I resumed the band, and I tried to feel sorry for all the abominations of the Earth. " This opening narrative does not mean anything and is simply bizarre. After opening credits for architectural fireworks in Transylvania, we get a legend on the screen informing us that we are in Los Angeles, California, USA City of the Angels. I knew we had entered for a long time of 86 minutes. Probably not much after Howling's events (1981) and Karen White's funeral. After the ceremony, Karen Ben's brother (Reb Brown) is told by an "occult investigator" called Stephen Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who says Karen is a Werewolf and will return to life. Ben rejects such nonsense. But with one of Karen's friends and colleagues, Jenny (Annie McEnroe) visits Stefan in his house. There Stefan tells them about the Werewolves and how they can be killed, says Stirba (Sybil Danning), who is the Werewolf Queen. Stefan also shows him a photo taken at Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt), and that she is an extremely wily and dangerous Werewolf who wants Karen. Stephen says he will divide all titan warriors by heart. Ben realizes that Stefan means he'll share Karen, too, so she and Jenny travel to the cemetery where his sister's crypt is to stop Stefan. A lot of werewolves come back and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and find out that Stirba is in Transylvania. Everyone decides to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her Witches from taking over the Earth with a curse for centuries. Once there, he heads to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where the wolves live" and meets with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolves, what else can they call ? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) helps him too. Mariana followed, hoping she would take them to Stirba. But Stirba knows Stefan's arrival and plans for him Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to stop Stirba's plans for world domination? Will this movie be more bizarre or surreal? Watch him and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora, this is a strange thing about a movie. It's badly edited because some sequences just jump around incoherent. The only big problem is the script of Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, based on his novel, which is everywhere and makes no sense or introduces us to a character that we like. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre is always happening to keep the spectator fun. Most people will probably forget it, but for those of us who enjoy "bad" movies, it's right there, with the best of them. There are wandering orgies, which are just strange to look at. We have some cool warriors killing weapons. The sets and locations seem so unsuccessful and I do not know if this was actually shot in Transylvania, but it does not show how I thought Transylvania was in the mid-1980s. Stirbey Castle is part of the dungeon, part of the Gothic castle and part of the modern luxury house. Her husband's stiffness and costumes are very high, Stirba wears a suit that seems to belong to an S / M video and to be fair to her, she looks pretty sexy, and her servants wear camouflaged leather clothes. The special effects of makeup vary from good to poor, the dwarf's eyes explode, someone has their hands torn and a priest has a creature that comes out of the mouth, but this is not a gore-loaded film, although there are plenty of effect sequences with transformations and werewolf attacks. There is a lot of nudity, and Stirba and her minions are a real bunch of werewolves! I should also mention music, the soundtrack is dominated by the horrible rock music I hated and I came to change its volume. Action is poor throughout and what does Christopher Lee think on Earth when he accepted this movie? I wonder what he thinks. Basically, everything is a real mess, but I found a rather funny misery the same. Unable to recommend, but kept me looking to the end. Talking about which final credits are running over what seems to be deleted by cut scenes and pictures also gives the same shot of Sybil Danning taking her dress off and her breasts probably exposing over 20 times! If that's your job.
