If this is the favorite movie of someone, they need serious help. There is nothing fun or intelligent about this crapfest. I did not see the original movie, this being the remake of the film (in the 1950s), but it just has to be better than this more recent bastardism. A major man is kicked out of the army because he was the fringe element and turns the kids to a ROTC school. Unfortunately, most of them are Daman Wayans ... so children are in a world of annoying and humorous assertiveness. Can Wayans whip these losers in shape? Can they make him a little more human? Movie bumps make most Wayans movies, with only a few brilliant moments. William Hickey receives about a minute of screen time, quite a bit. This charming old man (best known for me as an actor "Tales from the Crypt", best known to you as Uncle Louis of "Christmas Vacation") shines every moment he is on the screen, who does not is too much here. <br /> <br /> Bam Bam Bigelow also makes a look like a biker that fits perfectly. I would not bother Bam Bam, but I think he played the role of a biker as far as it could be worn for a military film. And then there's the attractive teacher, whoever falls for Major Payne, even if he treats bad kids, has no social skills and it's simply impossible to turn into someone you want to spend your time with. She must either be incredibly poor or incredibly desperate. I'm not sure which (though it would seem "bad" because the movie makes it clear that she leaves the house enough often). Wayans had a brilliant moment: a dance sequence in which he performs a series of moves (including a very beautiful "robot") and with the help of 2 Live Crew. This scene was enjoyable, but hardly done for anything else that made this movie spit dog. Really, avoid this movie. If you want to see a movie, fight a loser that helps lost children become heroes, rent or buy "Ernest Goes to Camp". At least he's a pleasant and funny joke. Perhaps if Major Payne fought a badger, I would feel better, but he did not. Forget Payne, forget Wayans ... you can do much better.
