I will have to add a different comment here. Various reviews I read this movie compared to Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. one of the admirable fleets of mandarin breeds that have come in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not quite accurate. The film behaves more like an attempt by film school graduates to emulate these masters. All the pieces are there - the beautiful backdrop, the vague minimalist dialogue, the cameramen's slow camera and the masculine rulers, who spend a lot of time around being contemplative. It sounds good, but unfortunately nothing gets up. Dialogue is lead. Action is generally incapable of raising the characters above the type; the married couple and the sister are particularly poor and uninterested. Unfortunately, when mediocre behavior is combined with a classic "chekovian" plot (that is, very predictable), the results are, at best, boring and worst painful. I could not see, for example, the scene of the Blue Danube River as if it had sold the genre parody (though the sky above the river showed the "spring sky") made a little black humor ...) this film on the basis that Mark Li Ping took a photo. While the setting is elegant and the camera slows down trying to reproduce the mood of "Flowers in Shanghai," the film is not in the same visual, visual. In fact, I have to confess that after an hour of questioning whether the script or the act that destroys the movie, I suddenly remembered that I was ready to meet my dinner supper and took the chance to leave (and I can not remember the last the movie I came out of). I think from reviews that the end may have left a positive taste, but at this point I did not care. If you want to see something like the real talent, I would recommend something from the two directors above, for example: "In the spirit of love" or "Flowers in Shanghai", both talented films Mr. Ping (first with Chris Doyle) and both are great enough to inspire years of failed failures like this. It is not often that Mr. Hoberman misleads me and you may prefer to listen to him, but do not say that you have not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
