This is the first of BBC series "The Complete Works of Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" that I have seen, and if everyone is so, I can not forget. Being basically the full text of the play, everything that this "Romeo & Juliet" does, lacking all the other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a horrific director in both technical and artistic aspects. First, because he makes mistakes that even a first grade student would avoid wisely. Consider, for example, the first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the entrance of the nurse in Friar Lawrence's cell, wondering where Romeo is with him so in front of her that he sees it clearly if it was orbit. And in the second, because each of the performers is misdirected, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly the way I've always imagined that Juliet looks and does not seem like a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance does not have a passion of all sorts. Patrick Rycart as Romeo is even worse, not just as boring as Juliet, but also too old and not even well-liked as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky doll. Putting them together makes it impossible to believe we feel something for each other, not to mention being the main players of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his screen debut, interprets Tybalt as if it were Darth Vader, a huge mistake that eliminates the complexity that Shakespeare wanted, no character being a hero or a villain, but all erroneous human beings. This Tybalt is so subtle that we do not believe the character's merciful after his resignation. As far as Paris is concerned, I always thought of "Prince Valium" at Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to make the character of some health care. At 168 minutes, this production is not able to make us empathize with the characters, because the characters do not empathize with each other and never seen to believe their own roles. The best version of the screen is still Franco Zeffirelli. But to be fair, this BBC is not as bad as abominations like George Cukor's genius version or murder against Humanity, which is Baz Luhrmann's MTV video. 4/10.
