Superficial, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris," reunite with many of the craftsmen and women behind their previous collaborations. The most important woman in the world is Cyd Charisse, one of the best cinema dancers in the 1950s and 50s, and unlike the tall weather "It's always the right weather," this film gave them a chance not just one, but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the team behind such hits as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's "Gigi" musical masterpiece; Lerner and Minnelli have already demonstrated their sourcing juices with the excellent "American in Paris". What happened along the way? Why is the film itself so boring? Minnelli himself did not want to make the film, despite his former artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps it was because the inherent conservatism of the film was just a little too much two steps ahead for MGM and a step back for Vincent Minnelli. But once they were caught in this mission, like Brigadoon people are trapped within the city limits, Minnelli strived to turn it into something that would be fun in a particularly distracting, if not liberating, way. The end result is really terrible to look at. While targeting the naive charm of previous Minnelli blows such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis," the bearers carrying Brigadoon residents can not evoke any of the illusory nostalgia for those who do not have never been located. His capricorn does not fit even with the shining brightness of "Yolanda and Thief" or "The Pirate," because mountain setting seems at the same time too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too generic for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon, which I can refer to at least, are the unconditional man trying to escape and the unfortunate traveling colleague of Van Johnson who shot him accidentally. The general procedures in the village of Brigadou are too arcane and provincial even to be attributed to a form of Christianity backward: they seem to be pagan in their appearance. For example, in exchange for Brigadoon's immortality, the honorable and generally "good" pastor of the city sacrificed his place in the allegedly blessed refuge. At one point, we are certain that "seeking their own Brigadoon." Suffice it to say that the box for this image confirms my suspicion that most of us are not looking for such a quasi-queasy paradise. The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insulting patronizes, but it could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly himself is the most patronized film about the film, and Charisse is a horror of misery as a virgin optimist in the same way that Lucille Bremer has been miscast in Yolanda and Thief. Van Johnson makes the best version of Kelly (even 3 cigarette lighting at a point like Levant in "AIP"), and offers many funny moments. But it's a matter of itself if the best part of a big budget extravaganza with all the best talents of MGM is Van Johnson's thrown performance.
