I often do not have to criticize negatively for a movie; after all, I often feel the maximum, "if you have nothing to say not to say at all," it would be a good tip for the countless people we listen to every day, who are confronted with the things they like. If everything is the same for the reader, though I feel compelled to emphasize that, with the sole exception of Christopher Walken in a role as Gabriel, this film is pathetic HORRID. I tell you this to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of Walken's delivery and style, or you liked the original Prophecy, you will be disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. What's wrong with this movie? A complete list would take too long to read and wear you tears, but a brief summary would be the following: the crystal clear picture of the relationship between the angels and mortals of the first film is broken to pieces. Gabriel returns from the right hand of God he once did (and in this role is strangely funny in the first) with just a little more than a thief for heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing hardships (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York"), he is still enjoyable, but the supportive piece is an immeasurable and unconvincing mess of mortals and angels that could not buy a clue for 50 cents. If you realize you're a smarter man than me. It's a feeling we're crazy from scene to stage to move the movie along Walken's next big line. By the end of the movie, you really want him to hit his horn and make the walls of Jericho fall on people who have done this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line - It's insulting our intelligence that they made a sequel to this first film. The original said the right story, answered the questions that should have been, and left the questions that he had to ask afterwards. There are no serious reasons to follow those characters who were first - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept the "great secret," the teacher who protected his children - even Lucifer himself was the most exciting first film than all the other characters of the sequel put together. I'm sorry for someone who sees this movie and not the first because it's probably never going to want to look at the original and it's a real tragedy.
