Everyone knows that the original version of Gregory Widen's "Prophecy" did not require a sequel, but you also do not need a degree in rocket science hanging over the chimney, to realize that in addition, this the thing was inevitable. The second part is an extremely prototype example of a direct-video sequel, that is, the creative and complicated plot of the original was greatly simplified in favor of more actions, more wizards, and a more strange religious landscape. The only good news is that the producers have managed to keep Christopher Walken for Gabriel's role and he offers another glorious performance that promptly justifies the price of a rental. If it was not about Walken's performance (and perhaps a few players in the supporting film such as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "Prophecy II" would have disappeared with oblivion right after the release. The film begins with the fact that Gabriel spit literally from hell to continue with the ongoing Heavenly War on Earth. The purpose of her struggle this time is to prevent the birth of Child Assistant Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). Because you see, her unborn child is the first hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey," and the birth of such a higher being would imply the fall of Gabriel's evil domination. Thus, as in the first film, he engages with a suicidal accomplice to help him and hunt Valerie up to Eden for the last showdown. "Prophecy II" is a bold and sometimes fun movie, as long as you do not compare to the original and as long as you can overcome multiple plotting holes and errors in continuity. Whenever the story becomes too tedious, the producers fortunately always suggest an almost wonderful time of Christopher Walken to distract you. His interactions with Izzy rebel and, in particular, his ignorance of modern earthly technologies often lead to valuable and memorable sequences. On a little note, did I often feel that the "Prophecy II" ambience looks similar to "Terminator II"? Gabriel's resurrection seemed somewhat like the teleportation of a futurist cyborg and the Eden location, where the final battle takes place, resembles a steel factory, where Terminator II ended. Coincidence, I think? Generally, this is a downward and passive sequel, but still worth checking out if you are a fan of the unique actor Christopher Walken's charisma (and who does?).
