This is one of those horror movies where twenty years of age are mistaken for dark arts around a campfire, it enters a lot of trouble to do that. A portal containing a world of demons known as the Kelipot of Sitra Achra was opened by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something taken in her. Summer is trained by a mysterious group, whose identities are never revealed to fight demons monsters. This is part of the plot that suits the control. Anyway, three wannabee witches who went to high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic, serious practitioner in dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (... is more or less a stupid trembling with them, though. .) to join friends, Jason and Ricky, on a trip to the wilderness where Summer vanished from home ten years ago. Opening the portal through a written text written in an ancient book, a demon is released, just like Summer, now a warrior babe whose training has led to a body and the very appropriate and athletic skills necessary to remove the monsters in other world. The low budget contains a full, but ambitious story, limiting it to a tight frame. These young adults spend a lot of time in the forest, hoping not to steal a beast. As can happen in these films, the demon is on the verge while the story grows as the summer tries to remember how it all happened while joining Jason who wants to help her restore her lost time. The action is mostly shot in the dark, making any violence hard to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the woman cast for this) is a nice, beautiful candy-dressed as a Conan woman, a gorgeous body that we have to enjoy watching from the moment she appears until the movie closure . Some lesbianism (some kissing and comfort) and nudity spice things up nicely, and the song seems to have fun with the nasty story ... it's so absurd that the stupid tone is probably right for the material. It may be of interest to co-perform "Christian Captain Courageous" (real name, Jason Reso) from World Wrestling Entertainment as one of the group, spoofing his alter ego as a chicken, trembling to the sound of a tree twig. Landy Cannon is full of heroes, Jason, a boyfriend, a naive young man whose ex-fiancé Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (Jasmine's cruelty is to play with Jason's feelings of hiding his deal with Marlene in his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea are trying to get him out of the idea that he can rekindle a dead flame that went out without lighting again. The Kelippoth Demon is mostly dark, I think I have to avoid showing how ridiculous / ridiculous it is if it is presented in its entirety. Jasmine and Marlene's lesbian anime (Haley Shannon) are mostly groomed, and their love, once alone in the woods, on a tree, is clipped and lit by the night's night. My evaluation is a little less favorable than this, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than plot or film. The film aims to be enjoyable and is sold to boys (and girls who love hot women). I believe, however, for the most part, humor is a bit flat.
