It's definitely a strange way to promote a movie that rests a lot. And it seems to be a sincere suicide on the part of the studio, since (1) The anger between distribution was well known long before the release of the film. (2) The conflict between producer (Robert Fryer) and director (Michael Sarne) was also known. (3) The cast did not conceal their contempt for the film and made it public on every occasion with daily newsletters from the set easily reported by gossips chroniclers everywhere. And (4) Gore Vidal hated him practically from day one. However, that slogan just about summarizing it. Raquel Welch gives a decent interpretation to Myra and, in addition, looks great. John Huston is very funny like Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star, who leads a fake academy of action. Mae West, in her first appearance in the 1943 scene, has naturally revived her side to fit herself and she is great as "oversexed" (and that's what makes it easy), "Agent Talent" Leticia Van Allen. Still, one must have wondered (after waited so long for a good vehicle to come back) how he ever got into this mess. Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of his "" clients. "John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also deal briefly with Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as the victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, are neither here nor there. The same applies to the scenario, which not only does not focus on the basic plan of the book but seems to be straightened in at least three While West's part was initially bigger, she was reduced to a cameo role when Sarne went through editing, and partly because of that, she seems to be in a different movie. , at one point, the producers realized that Mae would be the biggest draw of the movie and, unable to replace most of your cut film, rushed to return to the set at the end the film for the second of the two songs, both coming from nowhere. The Sarne device used to cast old movies of past stars to emphasize all the points it makes does not work at all. Until the movie ends, all that a tired spectator can do is ask what the hell it was. It is not surprising that almost all of those who are related to production felt the same, and they died at the box office. A technically sound DVD includes, among other things, separate comments from both Welch and Sarne, each of which has completely opposing opinions about what went wrong. No doubt the re-launch of the video at home was called for by a "Vanity Fair" ", which tried (in detail) to do the same. True, the structure of the novel made an adaptation of the screen a dubious business, but with Sarne at the head of what was obviously a "troubled" production, he never had a chance.
