(I will indicate in this review the point where spoilers start.) My dissatisfaction is divided: 30% tonic deafness, 70% lack of writing. 30%: I agree with the first commentator about the lack of diversity in the characters and the scope of the stories. I was surprised how, at best, this movie truly changed NYC real, presenting a collection of people and relationships so narrow that it would come as if they were only inhabited by the Gossip Girl distribution (this comes from someone who likes Gossip Girl). Several minority characters are included in stories, but they are included in the obligation, while we see the tools under the film so clearly, striving to "be diverse," but falling less. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> 70% is the reason why everything is short. All the characters, white, plus a few token minorities, are one-dimensional concepts, cut out of people's cardboard. Worse, the interactions between them are written in such a way that, for every film winner, the audience is treated to what I would say is a "gag": we have a basic flame, then some punchlines are intended to be a smart twist. But even if we suspended cinism for a moment to say, "Okay, it was a surprise" ... the stories are not as exciting as they are superficial. When you make fashion stories, so that their existence relies solely on the unexpected end, you write jokes. <br /> <br /> Spoilers below ... <br /> <br /> The film is primarily trying to tell romantic stories. It's fine. But romance is amazing, deep, sometimes complex. These "romantic" stories each include a girl and a boy who at one point share the same location and can look at each other. The exchange of words, the thoughts are projected by voice, but they can only communicate to the audience only that one person is attracted to another. It means there is no seduction (in a broad sense), no tension, no confrontation or communion between the will of two different people who try to reconcile their existence to adapt to each other. The only story involving a superficial seduction is only told that the audience ends up being surprised that the guy (Ethan Hawke) is overtaken by the girl he is striking, who, unexpectedly, turns out to be a prostitute. Certainly, his words when we try to pick it up are interesting to hear and we are amused how we would be if we were with them, but there was nothing of substance in this story outside "A then B". So, if there's something similar to a postcard, with all the other stories: A, then B - That's the only thing that's happening "on the set" in Manhattan. By the way, the only Brooklyn we see is the Coney Island sketch; the only Queens is the flicker of a train trip taken by a character traveling to the West Village. It's easy to choose the movies that play in all the common stereotypes of race, sex, sexual orientation and soon. Yet, New York, I Love You, deserves to be subjected to a stricter examination because of its title. We expect to see the real New York and the real New Yorkers, but in return, we have paraded before us the selected slice of a demographic person, her characters who flew from The OC and a few others to make SEEM as I be attentive to diversity. But when we look closer to who those characters are, the whole falsehood becomes an affront to the very notion of diversity and of the ethnics and cultures the film does not shamefully represent. For example, the story of a Latino Man with a white girl in the park, who is mistaken by two ladies as a man (her boy), in fact, being the father. Despite the fact that the last scene of this part was useless in terms of dramatic construction (it would have been much more interesting to end it when mom and boyfriend / stepfather overthrew the girl), it is frankly disgusting that the scene in who learns with certainty that the girl's father is Latino, must inform us that she is a wanted sexual dancer. What, Dad can not be just a guy in South America? Now that it's obvious that it's hot, is the audience better prepared to accept that she has a baby with a middle-and-middle white woman? Are we so naive to ask for that? As if a Mexican construction worker would obviously be too poor. It's not my place to dictate where the movie should have gone. But in all imaginable configurations and the overturning of the plot, the direction taken strikes the status quo, is addressed to safety. All these stories could have become more interesting, even if we were forced to keep the unique dimension of the characters living them, at least by not choosing standard and obvious stereotypes. The Asian girl who lives in Chinatown, seen by an old white guy? How to make an Asian couple looking instead for a white college kid. Again, I'm not saying that everything has to change. Just like everyone. Damn it. the premise of the story. is so confusing - and therefore they fail to convey anything about why New York could be loved outside the tribe. The real way of improving the movie would be to write a script that is worth reading. I will recognize the pleasure of the soundtrack, the good rhythm of the movie (even if it was in the rhythm, well, dear), and the general feeling of many scenes. The film was perfect to stand still, and I would not discourage anyone from doing so. However, it is said that the most important homage to non-superficiality is when the old opera singer says (paraphrased) "That's what I like in New York: everyone is from another place." Well, you would not have known that.
