It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and a hip, a distant attitude could get money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, the director of this colossal flop, managed to get the job done. Sarne is one of the most overburdened people who ever gave a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the whole studio must have been mistaken to accept to hire a guy who had just made a previous movie, an incredibly precious 60 degree black and white piece called Joanna. This film played the talentless actress, Genevieve Waite, who could barely speak a whole line without breaking into an inappropriate facial expression or twitter. Sarne, who was probably incapable of directing a cartoon, not to disturb a Hollywood movie with a big budget, was overhead. David Giler's book is the best place to find out how Sarne was able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes. If there is ever a historical marker indicating the superficiality and perpetuation of an era, Myra Breckinridge offers this marker. It embodies the excess of perfection and the mind of a decade, which is more often remembered by a great change in the political body. Breckinridge is a foundation stone of another equally important vein. Watch this movie and you will get a different perspective on the less often mentioned mood of spirit, which has often passed for talent in those years. Many commentators have talked about inter-cutting images from other films, especially the old ones. Some people really liked these strange "comments" about what was happening in the film, others found it meaningless, annoying and disturbing, though the movie is so bad itself, any intrusion should be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason that Michael Sarne put so many movie clips in Myra Brekinridge was to create an island without the bottom of his intelligence and imagination. I mean, Sarne was so imaginary - he provoked the fact that he just threw these clips to fill the space and take time. They were not inspiration, they were desperate. His writing skills were non-existent, and David Giler went wisely away from the project as one of a beaten bomb, so Sarne was left to try to make a movie and could not. He was beyond his weaknesses. Therefore, the introduction of what seems to be half of the clips of the entire movie. The ghosts of writers and filmmakers - many of them who have long been - have been called upon to fix this squalid flopper because Sarne was sure he did not succeed. That was what came to those days when he stood on the stage and he thought for eight hours, while the entire cast and crew (not to mention producers and accountants) chilled my heels and I waited for something, a great spark of imagination, a clue of originality, a sense of intelligence, to crawl from Zeus' forehead. Um, man. There is no Zeus + no imagination + no spark = millions of small dollars with small wings - each made out of the hundreds of licensing agreements required to use the clips - flying outside the window. Bye! Bye. <br /> <br /> As far as I'm concerned, I hated movie clips. They denigrated many of Sarne's best players, distracting people whose talents - even those who were not big - had surpassed the director's skills and eventually served to show as lacking inspiration, originality and even simple competence even to the poorest of them.
