Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you I like bad movies almost as much as I love the big ones and I can honestly say that I have finally seen one of the legendary evil films forever: the almost indescribable is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of Gore Vidal's best-selling book (later quit this movie version), MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is really such a bad movie that it remains bizarre fun from start to finish. The X movie about sex change operations and Hollywood was an absolute catastrophe at the box office and was literally defeated by both critical screen and audience at the time of release. It is not surprising that the movie won an almost legendary cult status among the bad movie lovers and I was really excited to see it for the first time. Director Michael Sarne (who had only two other credits previously directed to his name at that time), took a lot of flack for the finished film, and, frankly, really does not seem to have had a clue about what he tried to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with whole sequences written together in such a deceptive manner that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. It's also irritating that you use archive films in the Fox movie safes and share them at regular intervals. This means there are archive images of past movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, which have been included in film scenes of often despondent sexual acts, and the process does not work as intended Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio to use their image without permission). Perhaps Sarne is not the only one to blame, but the script and distribution of the movie will make many viewers shake heads in unbelief. For example, this film will ask you to think that film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last important role in the film) might have a sex change operation and will appear as a superb goddess of sex, Raquel Welch? The film is becoming more and more difficult to follow when Welch as Myra tries to take on a film school from her unfortunate uncle (played by legendary director John Huston), seduce a female student of film (Farrah Fawcett) and learn the bad boy (Roger Herren), a lesson by violating her with a dildo on her belt. Did everyone follow it? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have not yet mentioned what star was filmed: the legendary sex symbol on screen in the 1930s, Mae West! Mrs. West was 77 when she appeared in the movie (she had been retired for 26 years) and seemed to be a symbol of formidable sex playing a talented talent who had good people Tom Selleck) to her. As if this was not bad enough, the West Sound Deaf currently plays two recently written songs about the film and I think it could have sustained brain damage ever since listening to them! Of course, none of them resembles anything that any person with a reasonable taste would describe it as "good," but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10 because it was always morbid for fun even when he had no idea what the hell was supposed to happen. Also, most of the movies are trying very hard. Raquel, in particular, seems so inclined to turn her misplaced writing into something meaningful that she manages to make the movie that she deserves. If she had only worked with a decent script and a capable director, then she could have finally received some form criticism. Other distributors are also good. John Huston (who should have straightened the picture) has amusing moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasingly fresh and enjoyable. Roger Herren is also good, but has never appeared in another movie after that (I think he could not live being the guy who was hit by Raquel Welch). And as one could guess from the above description, Mae West was completely in mind when he agreed to make this film - but that's part of what makes fun for those of us who love bad cinemas.
