Watching this last night, I was amazed that Fox had spent so much money on her and got so little back in their investment. It is a kind of disaster that must be seen to be believed. I'm sure the first morning of filming, Raquel Welch, messed up the shelf on the fireplace to prepare a place for the Academy Award, she would definitely win for this bold original film. Oops. That was not what happened. Fury on the set was detailed in print by Rex Reed and this helped the film get a reputation before it was even released. When it was finally released there was not the usual circulation circus of advertising. If I remember correctly, Houston was open to engineering and neighborhood theaters and never played in any of the big places. I have mostly blamed the director Michael Sarne, who was hot after he directed (not all that good) JOANNA, a music movie about the young people who feed in London. If I remember correctly, Fox let him drag him and join them best. That's why the scenes play in no special sequence, and the characters appear and then disappear. An impressive film (Kathleen Freeman, Jim Backus, John Carradine, Andy Devine and others) is scattered with nothing to do. To extend it to length, there are many videos from Fox, Carmen Miranda (in stunning images from THE GANG'S ALL ARE) and Laurel and Hardy, who have never dreamed of playing in a X movie. owes to the occasional language numerous sexual perversions; however, none of the characters seem to have fun. Perhaps someone involved in the film had a deformed Puritan sensitivity and thought that if it could make these things difficult to understand, it would not have been bad to exploit them. It was one of the images of the "youth" that almost went bankrupt in Hollywood in the 1970s. A writer joked that EASY RIDER (which was made for changing his pocket) was the most expensive movie ever made because there were so many films that have tried and failed in the worst way to double their success . Sixty honor directors, such as Stanley Kramer and Otto Preminger, made films like RPM and SKIDOO in an attempt to attract a young audience. White directors and writers have tried to make movies to attract Black audiences. These movies are locked somewhere in a vault, and the two names and many others of this kind have never, as best I know, on video at home or by cable. These are the deep secrets of the studios. <br /> <br /> Raquel Welch's performance in this sense is, very well, all things considered. With the right direction and scenario, she was able to play the role of women released by sassy Rosiland Russel and Barbara Stanwyck. She looks great and she has great costumes. Mae West is the most animated actress of the seventy that I've ever seen. On the one hand, it's kind of a heartbreaking pursuit of trying to capture its glory over the years, but I'm sure it needs money. If you want to see a big X-rated movie in this era check out DOLLS Valley (also from Fox) because it's not taken seriously. Crazy kids play with equipment in a major studio. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is trying to say something. There was no one who wanted to listen.
