Rarely seen from the theatrical release in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has become a foray into cinematographic disasters of legendary proportions. Now, finally on DVD in an unexpectedly beautiful package, it is unlikely to win large audiences today as it was when it was released for the first time. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's bestseller from 1968 was a dark satirical statement. Most filmmakers believed that the novel's story, structure and tone would not translate into film, and those in the industry were surprised when the Fox Center did not just acquire the rights, but also hired Vidal to adapt his novel to screen. But the studio directors soon had cold feet: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected, and novice writer Michael Sarne was brought to bring the film on screen. Studio directors hope Sarne will enter the youth market as a target for the film, but Sarne has proved more sincere with the material than the directors themselves. Rewrite after rewriting followed. Destruction, the sense of disaster, has become more and more combative. In his DVD commentary, star Raquel Welch says he rarely had any idea what Myra's motives were from scene to stage or even at any scene in itself and that each person involved seemed to make a completely different film. In the accompanying "Back Story" documentary, Rex Reed says MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie made by a bunch of people hiding in their cabin while waiting for their lawyers to return their calls. of these comments are demonstrated by the film itself. The basics of Vidal's story are there, but not only that the story has been wiped out by all of the broader implications, but it seems to have no purpose in itself. Everything takes place in several directions, nothing connects, and many scenes undercut any logic the previous scenes could have. And while director Sarne repeatedly states in his comment that he wants to make the film as a pure farce, the only laughter generated is accidental. The main one of these accidents is Mae West. It is true that the West is unexpectedly well preserved in appearance and has not lost its way with a single liner - but there is no doubt that she is aged seventy and the belief that she is still the most sexy trick The shoe leather is extremely disturbing, let's say the least. But worse, indeed, is that the West is outside its era. Her efforts to translate into a hip and character character have resulted in one of the most embarrassing self-cartoons ever seen on the film. The remaining distribution is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a significantly underestimated actress, plays Myra's main role as a Barbie steroid doll; non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of Myron, but the whole role is essentially pointless. Only John Huston and the cameo players John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper and Andy Devine prove relatively unharmed. Yes, it really is the disaster of all those involved in the film feared it would be: fast when it should be slow, slow when it should be fast, always inoperative from the beginning to the end. It is true that Sarne director has the occasionally inspired idea - as well as using Shirley Temple's video clips to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint to the action - but generally, whenever Sarne was presented with a choice how to do something that seems to have done the wrong one. How and why is clarified in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne did not like his novel, in fact, the subject in general. He did not want to write the script, but he needed money; he did not want to direct the movie, but he needs money. He says very clearly that he does not like the author Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point he says that Reed "is not a nice person") and so far believes that Vidal and Reed worked together to sabotage the movie he refused to play in their "homosexual agenda" - who, when you get to it, seems to have been their wish Sarne to film Vidal's novel rather than to imagining his imagination strangely. However, Sarne does not quite understand that the recourse of the film for a homosexual audience results from the picture his ridiculously inaccurate homosexual people. When taken in tandem with the film itself, Sarne appears to be more than a little homophobic - and frankly, the heaviest choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. In addition to Sarne and Welch's comments and documentary release, the DVD release includes several trailers and two versions of the film: a release "theatrical" and a "restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the final scene in the "restored" version was printed in black and white. Changes made before the release of the movie have not been restored, but the documentary details what they were. The widescreen transfers of both are remarkably good and the sound is very good. But to conclude where we started, it is indeed a movie that will be more interested in movie historians, movie fans and movie fans. Give them three out of five stars for their sake, but everyone else should pass it. Gary F. Taylor, known as GFT, Amazon Reviewer
