MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare movies that has immediately established its place in the history of the film. The praise for the film was absolutely nonexistent, even from those involved in its realization. This movie was hit from the first day. While from time to time somebody who is going to praise the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or courage to address the issue of transgenderism), the film did not develop a worship as a notorious flop. It is not welcomed as a masterpiece misunderstood like SCARFACE, or has been inclined to be ridiculed as a classic camp like SHOWGIRLS. Undoubtedly, the reason is that the movie, though frighteningly terrible, is not loving or even pleasant. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply understood. Like a satire from Hollywood, she has cold and frightening blood, but in a futile way. MYRA takes into consideration that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes on to attack such loved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The movie seems to mean that everything about Hollywood is, by its very nature, evil. Apparently there is something inherently brave about the sacrifice of sacred cows, but it does not give a reason to make mockery in the first place. The film is also anti-American visionary and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-this, but all in a superficial, late-1960 fashion trendy. As CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other epic hips, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of the hippy-dippy youth culture. He's trying to embrace the very attitude he's shrinking. But instead of being cheerful, MYRA does not try to conceal her contempt for everything in her mind. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a bully; there is no moment of innocence in it. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine described it as "just as fun as a baby mole," but it's not as sympathetic. For example, Poor Mae West has borne so much criticism of the film, being described as showing everything from an aged queen to a reanimated cadaver. The octogenarian star evidently did not know how ridiculous she seemed to play with a talented talent agent, after the young men big enough to be her grandchildren or even her grandfather. But, director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used it anyway. Why? Because it seemed like a joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and other veteran veterans in the movie, they are there just to get the film to beat their age and use them to destroy their film footage. They are expressed as stunning self-parodies, such as Rex Reed, the arrogant film critic, fey, which is expressed as just the film. But the real Reed, the celebrity dog, the jet-setting, the talk show gossip, can be charming in a usual fun way; but, like Myron, Myra's alter ego, he is just unpleasant. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is a joke. You look at MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see actors, see the victims. It's just Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it is proof of her tenacity and her appeal that she has survived this film and her career has flourished. Being almost at any scene, Welch was in front and center as a target for abuses that target the film, but for her credit, she delivers remarkably nuanced performance. Although, of course, centered between the Huston Ghost Landscape and the almost catatonic Occident, Welch does not have to do much to achieve a good balance. Even so, she makes her horrible and unhappy dialogue with a huge smile, only with the clues of self-righteous sorrow that would make any James Bond sorcerer proud. The legend says that Welch was hit by a condescending Occ and was subjected to repeated verbal abuse on stage by director Sarne, not to mention that he was presented in a degrading scene after another, making it even more remarkable that he could provide cool and collected performance. The only intriguing element of the film is trying to find out exactly what the film's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy fable that should indicate that it has a moral to deliver, but what might be is anyone's assumption. With everything he says about the destruction of the "last vestigial traces of the traditional man in the race," he seems to have a feminist ax to laugh. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. In addition, Myra is not a woman, but a deception of Myron, who is probably a homosexual man. That could explain the male rape scene and the character's love / hate attitude towards the seemingly straight-haired, capricious Rusty, but he does not explain his obsession with the alleged lesbian with Mary Ann Farrah Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but it can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all sex is treated as, if not dirty, at least perverse and degrading. Returning to Gore Vidal's original novel is no help, because it is just as confusing and useless as the movie. And this is a rare movie that seems to hate movies. Not just movies as a business, but movies as part of the culture. The film itself is a wall-to-wall arcade reference to the old films, all of which screenwriter director Sarne is approaching with a desperate despair. The 20th Century-Fox movie safes reappeared and got the movie with fragments of old movies, not as a tribute or to give a social commentary, but to play the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you genuinely want to call Sarne - do a work of art if he already wishes the environment in which he works? The effort is very self-defeating. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be in favor of anything other than just being ugly. I hate Hollywood, hate America, hate sex, hate homosexuals, women and men, elders and young people, and Laurel and Hardy, and of course you call it and probably has a scene that disapproves them. In a very sad and bad way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first manifestation of punk, a celebration of the nihilism of pop culture.
