"Mistress of the Craft" Celeste works as an agent for the London branch of the Interpol 17 Bureau, which specializes in occult criminals (I think). She possesses the Eye of Destiny, good in her hands, dangerous if someone else took it. Bureau 17 caught a satanist from California, Hyde (unrelated to Dr. Jekyll). Detective Lucy Lutz from LAPD flies to England to bring him back to the US. Lutz is linked to the previous Witchcraft movies, played by Stephanie Beaton before in Witchcraft 9. In the 7th part, Lutz was interpreted by another woman; in 6, Lutz was a man! Lutz in 9 was not great, but it is one of the main stars in it. Although left behind by its high heels and short spindles, it still has revealing tops in it. And this time she has nude scenes and sex. Beaton is quite appealing in the role. As usual, there are a number of sexual scenes. An anonymous man has a fatal trio with two vampires, the Satanic vampire and his head with a blow, Lutz finds a buddy in English, and Celeste and her boyfriend make love. The main recurring character of the Witchcraft series, Will Spanner, does not appear in this, although Lutz mentions it to Agent Bureau 17, Dixon, in a conversation about vampires. She also calls Detective Garner's partner (Parts 6, 7 and 9), though we do not hear the end of the conversation. Hyde is rushed out of prison by a group of vampires run by Raven for a Walpurgis ritual that has something to do with a god named Morsheba (I think). Hyde offers all of his lines in a very paid manner, while Raven overlaps with a campy diploma. The battle scenes are terribly choreographed. <br /> <br /> The audio in the movie was badly recorded and poorly reduced. In addition, a dialogue is lost under music or sirens. Cinema is not great. Having the movie set and actually shot in the UK was a little novelty though, at least for this series. Wendy Cooper is very good as Celeste; attractive, certainly, but more importantly, she is easily the best actor in the film (despite the inappropriate battle scenes). I'm quite surprised that her filmography is so small. If there ever is a Witch XIV and I bet it would be, it should bring it back, even if it means throwing it in California! Witchcraft X is available on its own or on the Hotter Than Hell Collection with the Wizard XI and two independent films.
