I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 at the local Suncoast containing this movie and three other horror films (including the sequel to "Witchcraft XI"). So basically I paid the $ 2.50 rock price for this movie if you do math. I can not say exactly that I was kidnapped. I have one thing for horror movies, but this is the kind of garbage that gives the garbage a bad name. The budget can not exceed $ 1,000 (though it seems to have spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but that's not an excuse for a completely uninspired room. The "blood cult" film, though not very good, was made for a very low budget, but it had quite good work in room and action. Working in this movie is the "effortless" definition, especially from that muscular type with Texas accent. Everyone reads a lot of the line on the page. You can take it either figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was outside the camera as it was broadcast. I said before that I never saw a bad English actor. This movie has quite a lot of bad. And although the English films are not always good, they seem to always have at least a sophisticated level, which is why I do not see why an English or English would volunteer to make a home-video movie like this . Merchant Ivory has put an end to their calls? Usually, I think people are too hard for directors and actors. Even some of the worst Hollywood films have a certain level of professionalism in the director, acting and cinematography departments. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter," you can not honestly say it looks like a third-grade student shot those scenes (although a third grade student could write the script). I've seen home movies shot better than "Witch X", and that's no exaggeration. Even gore are minimal, since movie makers only had money to buy fake blood for sale at Party City. No one effort has been made to make this film - to make a sum like that. You have the picture. There is a lot of nudity, though it does not save it. However, I must say that the face with red-orange hair, which is either naked or wearing a cleavage outfit throughout the movie, is very hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
