After hearing about George Orwell's prophetic masterpiece for all my life, I am 37 years old, but I have never read the book, I am completely confused about what I have just seen. familiar with the concepts covered by the novel, as surely are the most, but only through rumors and quotes. Without this limited knowledge, this movie would have been a complete mystery, and even with him I am not yet educated about the story of 1984 than I was before watching him. On plus. The cinema is stunning, Hurt & Burton offers fine performances, and the overall feeling of the movie is marvelous and desolate. The prostitute scene was a fantastic dark shooting movie. <br /> <br /> Now for the parts down, and there is a lot ... <br /> <br /> There is a war, at least in terms of propaganda), but why and with whom? Nothing is explained. There are some names about Eurasia, but it does not mean anything without explanations. Who is Winston? he does? where he came from? Where he works? why does it change news reports? why is not he on the front? Why do not they eat the canteen food? What is the drink you drink throughout the movie? Why is he so weak and sick? Why did not he brainwash like the others? What's the matter with his mother and sister? What happened to his father? A little story in the back would have been nice, no scrub, essential to those like me who did not read the book. Without it, it's just a confusing and hard-to-see film in the art house that keeps constantly guessing what's actually happening. The soundtrack has been disassembled and edited badly, and the constant conversation from Big Brother screens makes dialogue in places that make it even harder to handle what's going on. I accept that this was an artistic choice, but it is also very annoying. I also know that this has been mentioned before, but why all the nudity? It seems to be totally free and felt it would have been thrown there to compensate for the lack of any parcel coverage. I personally can not respect the way Hollywood feels he must explain the lines of the word story these days. We are not all brainwashed, but this is a few steps too far. I can only imagine that it is entirely based on the fact that you read the book, because if this film is indeed the "literal translation" that many people have seen, I would find it very difficult to understand why 1984 is so as is the classic. There is no doubt that there have been years of light before time and has predicted pretty much any change in our society to date (perhaps it was a kind of Bible for the powers that are?), But many scientific writers have done the same thing without leaving holes in history. I think I have to do what I had to do from the beginning and buy a copy of the book if I want to make any sense of it. Generally, very disappointed with something I've been waiting for years to look at.
