I have seen this movie literally right after the end of the book, and maybe it was a neutral or a very stupid idea. I think it was the last one. First, it was inaccurate in many small but important details. One of the first things I noticed was, during Winston's everyday life in his work, his conversations, eating in the cafeteria, etc., he feels free to look unhappy and look at people without tremendous fear. One of the most important parts of the book was that, even in small activities, it was virtually impossible to show safe, even on the spot, an indication of its true emotions. This is also shown in scenes on the streets of proletarians. In Winston's book, he knew it was a great risk to wander there and he was skeptical and frightened of every journey. During the movie, he does so often and without fear, that you lose the important sense of supervision and heightened risks even on bats. Other minor inaccuracies included Winston hiding his diary in the wall, making a very small change but asking the question, what is the reason? There has also been the most annoying thing a director can do with a book, namely morphing characters. However, the great inaccuracies were much more disturbing. First, one of the important pieces of the book is that Big Brother is a government based on a smart but crude philosophy. In the film, they skip and go straight to making you believe that the government is led by Hitler with technology. Which is true, in a sense, when it is directed to its facsimile, but if that's all you came out of Big Brother, you really lost the point in the book. The terrible thing about Big Brother is that, in a way, he has a few points behind his philosophy. When O'Brien chooses Winstons' minds in the Ministry of Love, he listens to what Winston says against Big Brother. The fact that he hears and advances in his philosophy is, in fact, what is most creepy and exciting. Finally, when Winston says he loves Big Brother, it is terrible that you do not know for sure whether he was the beaten soul and the torture that caused it or the real power behind philosophy. I do not say at all that the philosophy of the great brother has points that I remember, but her intelligence and depth are what makes this book incredibly disturbing. Also, how can anyone feel any connection between Julia and Winston in the movie? It was terrible, unconnected. And where was O'Brien before he gave Winston his address? One of the things that led the book was Winstons' thoughts about O'Brien before coming in contact with him. In the movie, they just jump the gun. But that explains why this film was a terrible adaptation: because its impossible is NOT to jump gun and morph characters in less than two hours. How could anyone believe that this film could be watched if it were under two hours? At least, the movie requires 3 hours to capture some of the important states and connections. Anything less is useless. If you loved the book and I mean TRULY adored her, you will not approve this movie and you are likely to know that you do not want it. Because the book is unfathomable, and this film just proves how impossible it is to create something decent in a small film drum. Two out of ten
