I did not like the first movie "Cube" very much. It was a good idea, but annoying act and characters prevented me from enjoying too much. He did not really feel the need to see his continuation, but when I heard that I was making a third film that would act more like a prequel to the original. I was intrigued, thinking that maybe they would solve some of the original problems and give us a memorable character. Well, I thought wrong. Cube Zero starts pretty well, introducing us to the two characters who are watching and maintaining the endless labyrinth of traps that plague the Cub people. Producers manage to provide a sense of mystery with the setting of the two men's daily routine. More questions arise about why people are being sent there, and also with the true nature of those who run the entire operation. All this is left entirely to the viewer. The actor was a little weak, but all in the first half of the movie moved relatively well. With the ongoing story, one of the two "observers" begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing. And later he decides to go and help a group of trapped people. Here's where everything starts to quickly dissolve in dull cheese. <br /> <br /> Sent by the people running the Cube program, we are introduced to the Jax character. Together with the two subordinates plays a major reason why this film is a failure. The beginning of the movie "Jax" looks and speaks more like a negative character, taken from a James Bond movie full of "popular" glass that alone ruins any atmosphere created by the relatively nice rhythm of the first half. More is that it starts to feel more like a comedy than a serious movie. With some incredible horns, perhaps the screenwriter was bored and did not care. The act itself degrades to a low level when the former "observer" encounters the Cub group. The whole interaction is painful to follow, just like anything else that follows. Again, not being able to impress anything but poor characters, the dialogue and action "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those looking for a good horror movie.
