but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not just for the worst movies of Princess Disney, but for the worst movie the company did during Walt's life. Music is truly beautiful, and the story deserves to be called "classic." What does not succeed in this film are the characters, especially the title character, which could be called the "heroine" in the weakest sense of the term. After a short prologue, the audience is introduced to Cinderella. Waking up in the morning and singing "A dream is a desire that your heart does". This sets her as an idealist (and so deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us any idea of ​​what it is dreaming about. Freedom from the role of the servant? Respect his family step by step? Someone to talk besides mice and birds? In a song (cut from the film but featured in the special feature section of the last DVD), Cinderella expresses the wish that there might be many of them so they can do their work more efficiently. You go to your girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very gentle character. He passively accepts the abuse of his peaceful family, escaping in her unspoken dreams for relief. It is said only once, remarking to the stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For this, she is allowed to walk the ball if she finishes her household and finds something to dress, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine as such a locker? If the Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is not devoid of life. The Prince of Cinderella does not receive any dialogue and almost no screen. We are not given any clue if he is a good man, if he respects Cinderella or anything else. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Heck, even the Prince of White Snow has to sing at least one romantic song. Not only does this lack of development make romance less interesting, it makes Cinderella look either as a social climber or as an idiot, already weakening his tender appeal. Perhaps, realizing how bored the main characters were, the animators chose to offer an exaggerated time on screen to Cinderella's comic strip, mice. Granted, these characters are funny. Even then, when the comic relief releases the show from the directors, let's say your story has some problems. Dinsey loves to proclaim all his animated features as masterpieces. While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this.
