After the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (2003), and based on the alleged success of original Cuba (1998), director Ernie Barbarash has the freedom to bring us the third part of the prequel Cube Zero trilogy. > <br /> Deep in the heart of a huge and unimaginable institution, unknown time and place, two lower-ranking operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband), stand and observe on the monitors the behavior of people who have been placed in a dark, a gigantic network of cubic rooms, some of which are endowed with death traps. He said the people he noticed are convicted criminals who chose this terrible and deadly attempt for a lethal injection, these observers had no problem with their work until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovered that one of the prisoners, a a woman named Cassandra Stephanie Moore) never accepted to be put inside Cuba. Suddenly, they realize that their "jobs" are not what they seem, and that they may be part of something profoundly sick and twisted ... For the people who have seen and enjoyed the original Cube, this prequel probably will not please you. It is not that the story has no potential; it's simply that the first Cube film never required expansion. Stand alone, is a small psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message. It was also beautifully autonomous. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some of the original mystic, trying to answer questions with more questions, but only to really mess with what has never been necessary to fix. What new film, which are questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, are certainly good questions that need to be raised, but it should probably have been done on their own merits rather than as a continuation of a film have such aspirations. Having said this, the other features of the film, such as action and direction and writing, are not terrible. There is a dark and dark look of the film, like a noir movie like "The Matrix" and "Dark City," and they certainly managed to recover the claustrophobic feeling of the first Cub. Unfortunately, for Barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save.
