If you ever wanted to see a movie that stressed the style of the substance, it's for you. For me, Mar's son is nice to see, but there's a little precious substance, unless mawkish love, melodramatic, manipulative love thread transforms you. This may be one of the most popular "chicken films" you've heard so much. <br /> <br /> We are about halfway through this movie before something really happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) comes out looking for the tone and does not return, leaving her wife Martina (Leonor Watling ) and son to deal with themselves. Then, in an angry six minutes, I'm going to funnel Ulises, Martina marries again, and her son grows up to the middle of his childhood. This quick transposition is, at least, unpleasant and very unpleasant: after 40 minutes of more or less around, we are suddenly in a blowing melodrama, all in six minutes. I think this is called mysterious narrative pacing. Five years later, Ulises (as in the urasses superhero who receives it?) Returns to Penelope (Watling) just to find she is married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), an inexplicably wealthy guy (what does he do to win all that dough?) Which inexplicably keeps crocodiles as pets. When Martina, in great fury, asks Ulises about her absence, tells her that she will take Sumatra Island someday and she will understand everything. Here's what he is: he DOESN - Take her to Sumatra Island. The reference just dies somewhere in the script. He does not really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. He does not pay off as an honorable man, and the film DOES NOT fill the holes of plot that look at us for at least half of the film. I can only assume that director Bigas Luna wants to fill in story lines with mystical clues (fish, reptiles, sea) that he offers through amazing filming and godly dialogue. It just does not work. The "narrative arch" of this film ends with more clothing. I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor but I could not buy Ulises as any hero (which should have been the original Ulysses). With humorous sensuality, he shook a short rock of Virgil's identical poem, about 2,000 times, and each time he excited Martina to an explosive orgasm. This guy should be rented to revive outdated marriages. I'm sure Virgil would be impressed. He has not been put as often as we have understood. <br /> <br /> This poetic device appears prominently in the film and I had no choice but to assume it was a genre reversal of Ulysses' famous mermaid song (meaning beautiful virgins seductively singing far sailors who have were convicted if they responded to the siren's call). If this is what the Bigas Luna does, you can see the problem - it provides complicated symbolism in an attempt to overturn and grab at High Art. Once again, it does not work, at least in my eyes. Watling is a handsome and magnetic young actor, but he gives us a character here who does not seem to have too many intellectuals or even romantic depths. It is beyond me how desperately to fall in love with a guy who deals with a sign of rent on his face (as in a vacancy), the 1960s thick hair that looks more like seaweed, and one of those modern beards of the 21st century "(you know, four days increase, no more, no less) He is supposed to be kind of a kind of dreams (I think), but those of his eyes suggest he might suffer more than an overexposure to an absurd script. <br /> <br /> But do not despair, this movie is great to watch. Just do not try to plug the red herring points or think too much about what You can make a quick redirect loss on this movie (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you will not even lose too much.
