Steven Vasquez has directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this strange little drama how he struck a horror with great ideas and intentions: making a gay movie that takes a different story from the usual fare and make a drama who wants to be judged on his merits as a thriller. So why does not it work? For starters, the movie loses its direction from the opening frame and wanders rather aimlessly throughout the movie, dead to make a suspense thriller, but to meet an audience who wants to see nude encounters. Not that it's a bad thing: it can certainly improve some of the movies that have been Hollywood successes. The film also tries to talk about the experiences of young men and women, relationships, troubled parents, the club scene, with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder. Everything is a bit longer to get into a 96-minute movie. Devon (James Townsend), by all means, is a successful kid with Jenna's girlfriend (Sarah Kelly), but has a boy's eye and visits a bar where she meets Brian (Alex Wilson), who traveled along the same path can offer Devon assistance at each level. They become tied up, Devon goes out and mysteries begin: boys are missing in the neighborhood, Devon's stepfather psychologist Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not what he seems to be despite Donna's mother (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown into the streets because of his new relationship. It seems Dr. Tyler is in a dark business with Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who apparently investigates missing boys ... Devon collects his resources from Jenna's girlfriend and her girlfriends, and together the group reveals the dark facts of Dr. Tyler and his detective killer. And through her, Donna radiates the warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a homosexual boy, etc. Some actors are pleased with the eye (and it is very little eye is not being examined frequently!), But the degree of action is at a low point. The only thing that makes us forgive (and, in some cases, too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of all those involved. Yes, this is a low-budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn the trade. But, finally, there is something to be said for the people involved trying to take a homosexual film to another level. Perhaps their next will be more polished. Grady Harp
