This movie really, I mean REAL, sucks. It has such big holes, and the 30-foot dragon can fit through them. Not to mention the dragon itself, which is inevitably the worst image generated by the computer ever put on the real movie. I mean, when you see something like this, you have to think, "Wow, somebody made this movie, then released it, whoever it is, I'm sure they do not work in the movie business." When I hired this movie, it was not on DVD, so I (with reluctance) took it out on the video. The first thing that came up was a Lord of the Rings trailer for the two towers It was a very smart move by putting this trailer on I think it would be (reluctantly) to give the movie a star, otherwise I would have given it a zero. Maybe the producers, although Dean Cain's star attraction (I think that's what you say) would attract the crowds (uh, at the store the film is that.) Then they used the split screen technique (as in Hulk) to compensate for this atrocities piece of film, on the cover of the box we see an image of our hero and the dragon The dragon looks exactly like the one in Dragonheart or it's just me Anyway, the dragon in the film looks like a rejection d is at Gremlins 2 and has the CGI of a Nintendo video game player since the early 1990s (maybe worse). Also, not the Dragon's Movement, while pursuing its victims - is the same monotonous movement F-cking - right foot, left foot, left right leg, dom, dom, dom DOM, DOM F # $ king DOOOOOM! That upsets me. Perhaps filmmakers believed that this was thrilling and that they would have the same effect of Jaws. Why do not you then have a Dragon POV shot. Anyway, that was just funny, just like looking at a Weebl toon. Dean Cain gives a lot of puzzled looks during the movie (maybe he comes close to the fact that this movie might end his career). Do not expect Superman here. The first time I saw the trailer for this movie, I thought it was an addition for a PS2 game. As for the story, so bad, my 5-year-old brother can come up better when he tries unconvincingly to lie about what's going on in my room while I was not there. Oh, and I mentioned that I can not kill the people who made this incredibly angry movie of shit with atrocities? !!!
