... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of film in all ways. It is offensive to all senses. This does not necessarily bother me, I have seen a lot of bad movies, very bad movies before and I will see them again. BASEketball, although it's a film of caliber, in which you regret losing ninety minutes of life. The reason BASEketball offends me is that she plays Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they have not written. Any respect I have had for David Zucker has fallen long. His recent spoof movies are lazy little laughs that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pubescent boys fighting for jokes of the penis. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and funny comedy, seeing BASEketball you'll be amazed to discover that they were made by the same person. I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These people are today the funniest and smartest comedians in the main entertainment. Their images and episodes in South Park are just as relevant because they are funny. Every joke, even jokes jokes have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature approach to immaturity. I imagine that BASEketball was a major growing experience for them because I hate the movie for all the right reasons. It is a bad misery without the sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone cleaned up in essence. The movie plays like a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were served in their films. I can not really find a way to describe their performances in BASEketball, otherwise than feeling like a spoofing a spoof spoofing a spoofing movie. Each line is delivered in such a stupid way. It's as if they're trying to have fun with the worst of these images, and yet they're the same. I remember the episode "How to Eat Your Bottom," where Cartman sits in a theater movie and watches a gross comedy without any plot or plausibility, unless he does nothing, Parker and Stone use the same voices that they made in that scene for the whole picture. It's really sad. And yet that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest flu with the picture is that I'm staying there knowing that Parker and Stone are knowingly watching this carp fragment. I know if they took it and rewrote it, it could have been saved to the point of being tracked. There is no indication that Zucker left them improvising scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some fun concepts and I think Parker, especially if he was allowed to take Zuckers' script, could have done more about them. Instead, we're making humor. Do not rent BASEketball, you can get the same laugh by looking at a group of classmates joking around
