When you want the dragon to eat every member of the band, you know you're on a bad journey. I entered with very low expectations, read some of the other comments and was not left down. Unlike some other cheap and failed movies, however, it does not really remain hilarious (and unintentionally) funny throughout. <br /> <br /> -SPOILERS FOLLOW First of all, the plot is very inconsistent. Looking beyond "small" mistakes, such as the dragon that grows in 3 hours, the whole idea behind it is confusing. You see, the movie wants us to believe the dragons came from cosmic space in the form of meteorites that were really dragon eggs. After explaining this, they show that some peasants throw themselves into a fork and the dragon comes out. Later, the mandatory type of "crazy scientist" gestures about how dragons survived dinosaurs. So people were apparently around when there were dinosaurs, or we only have a small hole in the plot. The other important thing is that the lab is thrown with a "half as strong" force as that used for Hiroshima. Then two guys come in later to check everything, and it's almost untouched! There is even another dragon who has grown up from what he knows. Generally, it is very predictable. As soon as the guy said cloning, we assumed they would clone a dragon. This means that our security guy from Mr. Smarty is not as intuitive and intelligent as the movie you would think if you ignored that I knew this movie was, you know, dragons. <br /> <br /> If I put it aside, the second worse thing is 'special effects'. Others have mentioned fake rocks falling during the start, the CG helicopter and the dragon. It looks a bit better than a stain, but it ruined everything that went for it when it rolled up the hall in the same manner of time. Because of them, the flying dragons at the beginning looked away from a distance (though the one in the cave is probably the worst of the whole movie). However, these things are fun. Scenes showing millions of different shots of the same person facing different modes are not. There are no "introduction" screens with vital statistics. Come to the actors, they were not the best, but do they think they tried at least? They seemed more excited about what they were doing than many of the actors in the recent "BloodRayne," for example, and you have to give them points for that. One thing I noticed, however, was that the woman who played Meredith often had a face covered with makeup that was much lighter than the rest of her. Looks like he's got a bad bad with a white girl. The scenario is bad and dark. You do not really notice the music, but it's not really bad for much of it. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is not to watch him if you do not want to see him because you hear it's bad I did), although the only fun things are the bad effects of CG. Besides, do not waste your time and money.
