I gave her a 5-pound pure film. My intention is not to blow the ball on anyone, because I have seen, as I have outlined by other comments, that this film is highly appreciated by many. Well, it does not deserve any praise and I say this because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie deeply disturbs it. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you'd love to. It is pleasant due to well-choreographed battles based on fantasy more than martial arts and I agree that their beauty is deeply improved. But the story is nothing like the original one. Now, I understand that when we make an anime / manga into a movie, we have to make some changes. I did not expect to see strange anime characters, though they have a well-established role, and some are really deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see immense and wrong changes, which largely ruined the whole story. Characters that are dramatically and unethically mutilated, transformed into something the audience might love more, maybe. For example, Oboro, who, in the anime, is a sweet, innocent, completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a leader of the vengeance clan in the film. I liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and avoids the limitations imposed on her by the epoch (we are talking about Japan, the 17th century), but mood changes are incredible and badly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the film but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who not only is not crazy as an anime but is more or less worthless land. I could go on like he did Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous anime character, extremely weak and unattractive, or the way Gennosuke, the main character, looks completely stupid and confused, not to mention again SLAB. The music is beautiful and the picture is breathtaking, which was expected from a Japanese movie, and I appreciate it for this. But do not look at it if you saw and enjoyed Basilisk, because it's simply hopeless. The basilisk, though based on fantasy, with horror and largely exaggerated elements, is splendid and has much more depth in its characters, in story, in historical value, and is perhaps scary. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe that he continued to go after the climax had to be. Unfortunately, it takes me deeply to judge such a harsh film, but I advise against it. Please watch the anime or at least watch the movie first and then fix the picture of what Basilisk is basically by watching the anime. Otherwise, you will have a confiscation when you understand how they massacred it.
