I suppose this movie is relevant today because it was an early film by Sofia Loren. He was 19 when the film was made in 1953. I watched this movie because I wanted to see part of Sofia Loren's early work. I was surprised when he came into the camera, having brown tan in brown makeup as an Ethiopian princess. Of course, today, this would have been seen as a weakness and to be avoided in the film. In fact, she became annoying looking at Mrs. Loren in the color of her skin color throughout the movie. Yes, this movie would have been better done if real opera singers would have made this film. Then the songs and facial gestures of real artists would have been obvious. We reduce the comments of others about the fact that real opera singers are older and have a higher weight. As beautiful as Mrs. Loren, at the age of 19 and still today, the movie would have been better received though they were on stage. After all, we do not see beautiful young people on stage with the "old opera singers" behind the scenes singing behind the curtain! Do not reduce the success of using heavy opera singers. We only have to refer to the most artistic television production for J. G. Wentworth, with opera singers on stage singing so professionally the praise of the company's product. This is one of the best and most fun TV commercials ever produced. The quality of the print film also makes this production of a slightly lower quality. Color ink has disappeared a lot and can not be helped. To improve this movie on DVD, the production company should add subtitles in English so that we, who do not speak Italian, know what lyrics they say. This would help the story and teach more than the narrator giving 30 seconds of introduction. Watch this movie not because of Aida's story, nor because it is a work. Apart from Mrs. Sofia Loren, none of her co-actors are known or remembered by this writer. Instead, watch this movie if you are a fan of Mrs. Loren and want to see her at the age of 19 - regardless of production. Larry of Illinois
