It seems to be a shame that Greta Garbo ended his illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous idea of ​​wrong identity. Starting with the success of his first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's "Ninotchka" (1939), where he was ideally presented as a Russian Austrian envoy, Garbo meets Melvyn Douglas, her leader, for a sitcom tale that plays her Karin Borg, a simple Jane ski instructor who is unpredictably married to the editor Larry Blake when he hits him. Once he states that work is his priority, Karin decides to mistake her twin sister, Katherine, who lives alive, to test her husband's loyalty when she returns to Manhattan. It is surprising that this infamy was directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to the greatest dramatic interpretation of Camille in 1937, because it is an unpleasant vehicle, as imagined for the legend of the screen. Only someone with Carole Lombard's natural sense of ease and wickedness could have distanced themselves from the Shenanigans presented in the Scripts by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to contemplate and americanize Garbo's image for the war public that the students felt they were not interested in the tragic characters they favored in the thirties. However, Garbo seems to relieve most of the fake Katherine girl and especially in comparison with expert brothers like Douglas and Constance Bennett as romantic rival Griselda. Captured by nefrittering by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo seems tired in many scenarios and even frightening in her hairstyle betrayed for the chica-choca dance sequence. The story ends in a conventional way, but with the addition of a long physical sequence in which Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain rocks that unfortunately reminds me of Sonny Bono's death. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare occurrence at this time of his career) appear in comic roles as Douglas's associates. This movie is not yet on DVD and I do not think it is a priority for transfer because it is a curiosity in Garbo's legendary career. She was pretty unhappy during the shooting. I see why.
