When this movie is playing on TV, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special that you have to see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas who go to Reno together. Number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-esteem and has not been intimate for a long time. Lonnie slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), who is the wife of his best friend, Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the four of them are in a luxury suite. Roy and Candy try to have a baby and eventually Candy discovers she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds it sterile. Candy and Lonnie recognize their business and now all the trip is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and made some other low-budget films, but this is his first film with an impressive show. Unfortunately, Brady does not show a comedy flair, but you can not blame him. This script is not just funny, and one of the wrong issues is that the characters are written at a sitcom level. Just because they are all from the south does not mean they have to be naive and idiot. Thornton's character does not have the sophistication to end the bellboy more than a dollar. And Swayze's character is called stupid and stupid by everyone around the movie, and one of good, good moments comes when he asks everyone to fire him for at least a day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and is a totally worthless and useless box. It barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think he fulfilled an obligation to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, executive producers for this film. The only person who is not bad at all is Richardson. We aim to become more self-confident, but this planet in the film is very obvious and cliche. All of these actors should know better and it's hard to understand that everyone read the script and liked it. It is a waste of time for these actors, but at least they were paid. As for viewers, you do not pay, so skip this one!
