(David H. Steinberg's script) seemed to have originally some real smart points that could have made a good romantic comedy, yet dear! What ever happened in the way ??? !!!! <br /> <br /> I will tell you what happened. It is originally (Animal House - 1978) and (Porky's - 1982). Though this was a long time ago, but these are the pioneers, the gnomes of the new genre: the brutal comedy of adolescents. Then came the 1990s. After the important moments that have become amazing blows (the repulsive ones that I add), such as (The Nutty Professor - 1996), (The Nutty Professor - 1996) that it is the peak of the era, and the prophet of the next, the one that is the only one: (American Pie - 1999), which is undoubtedly incomparable a genre icon. After that I think every comedy of this kind must be so dirty, how glorious it is to be admired by young people, otherwise it could be out of the way! I think (Slackers) had a clever screenplay first as a script, then his makers added a real amount of real rudeness, dirt, strange shameless sex to be made - those days - just as easy as pie! As if it had to fill every scene with free elements, such as masturbation, oral sex, urination, etc., just to show a "la" way. They are unnecessary elements for the story, but they are certainly needed to make profits and to catch the latest vogue in making teen comedies. The problem is how they all have already replaced any possible comedy in it. Some of his moments seemed literally horrible, and that as you see it is the point. It's all in its look and performance (Jason Schwartzman); memorably disgusting to the fullest. So, ambition has turned out to be that romantic comedy to do what has not been done before pictures of pure skin. To be more like a horror where you ask all the time; what kind of celebration would happen? (vomiting, farting, etc.); these are the easiest combination to create a comedy nowadays. Although, even if you hated him, you have to love something (especially because you are daring), for me was just the scene of Gina Gershon's kennel. However, they designed it as a whole to make exaggerations-for-scandals, as a nasty dream of a teenager. Although most were close to anyone's nightmare. What made me sad is that this at its center was a real potential work and not another cheap comedy, another stupid thing, as it eventually managed to be. Remember the details of stealing the exam (the first 2 minutes), so the main plot of the movie (weird trying to reach a girl by blackmailing the bad guys) through the model (the boy loves a girl and loves another boy), not is nothing more than a snake. She handled her materials, such as a bunch of dirty college boys, who had nothing to do but do anything to do. It's done like, and I'm sorry to say, a smiling smile! At the end she said something (you can imagine!) About what time and place too for the impostor or for the freedom to win, totally like this comedy itself. It seems to end well for another better movie; which could assure my opinion of this as a smart one. Once! And it does not need too much to understand that the producers of this movie were the real slackers! Maybe it's stupid is a way to be smart in Hollywood, but even if ... The end result here was not at least impressive in any sense of the word. PS: His writer (David H. Steinberg), who also wrote the story (American Pie 2), has a main page at IMDb where you'll find under his "More Details" his usual keywords "Plot Keywords "that are: Sex / Vulgarity / Crud Humor / ... Forgot to write urination while shower or man 70 years old!
