Slackers is just another teen movie that is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are on the verge of graduating Holden University with honors in lie, deception and plans. The three roommates sank with pride in the last four years of college, and now, during the final examinations, these big campers are about to be caught by the least likely guy in the school. The plot is very bad, and there is no reason to follow this if you do not want to close your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teenager film that adds nothing to the genre. Comedy in Slackers is either hit or desired, but there is no real funny or original moment in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny. Although for every joke that works, there are at least eight others that do not. The script is full of penis and breast jokes, which some high school students and colleagues can enjoy. Even if they do, they probably will not remember this movie after a moment because it's not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays Ethan, and after appearing in some good comedies, he leans down quite a bit. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other main stars, but they do a pretty poor job in this movie. This is directed by Dewey Nicks and this is his first film, so you can not blame him too much. The funniest character was probably Laura Prepon, but there is not much in the movie. The movie is very short, only 86 minutes, but it may be too long for some people who do not like this kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst film ever since 2002, but it's certainly below average. Compared to other genre films, there is much better out there, such as "There is no other Teen movie," American Pie and his sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2, etc. So, if you have not seen the most and look for something new then Slackers could fit that bill, but the better if you look at something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 a teenage comedy below average worth jumping.
