There are a lot of movies that set release dates, just to be drawn from the distribution because of a legal request of some kind, and then put into the limbo for a long time. You can only want a movie so rotten that "Slackers" has remained in a coma for what it deserves, which is thorough. The release date has been continually changed for this really terrible movie, which is so much a radar ringtone as it deserves. The premise begins under Ethan, a creepy nerdy, with a terrible obsession for the Angela bomb campus. Ethan draws devilishly help David and his friends who scamped the school for their entire run away with blackmail to help win Angela. I do not like spoilers, but for a piece of nonsense like this, they can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan deliberately deceives everything, good boys win. This happens briefly for a new tired retreat of the adolescent genre. The bizarre humor is fun, it has always been dated from the immortal "Animal Houses" to contemporaries such as "There's Something About Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others, of which there are too many to mention. But when you use it as a plotting point you can only get to date, Ethan has an Angela doll composed of her individual hair parts, which she knows about her. Nobody wants to take a witness to watch Ethan urinating in the shower while singing alone. No one wants to see a young man singing "Come around the mountain," with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for the full visual assault of seeing the 50-year-old bomb Mamie Van Doren wore her breasts at age 71. I do not know if there is a lack of coherence of the story that creates scenes that make no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this movie, you can just want to go back to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie is to make it seem like you're having fun, because it deviates from your goals, just like "Slackers," burying the plot of the plot under a bunch of rough gangs, useless vignettes, and lack of construction. It's like a bunch of college students got drunk, took their camcorder, shot a bunch of random carp, and compiled it. If you want to see a great teen comedy that is actually good, then I suggest you "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", something that is fun and not terribly bad like "Slackers." Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz makes a cameo in this movie, just as he did in another bad movie, such as "The Sweetest Thing," where the story treats rough humor as another plot instead of a a device similar to disaster. If you go through "Slackers" to the local video store, keep walking and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
