I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he considered great filmmakers and the fact that ordinary viewers were generally considered artistic failures (such as Renoir's latest film or Chaplin, yes, politics des auteurs has also). But with Les Amours d'Astré et de Céladon, as if Rohmer himself wanted, for his last film, to perpetuate this tradition of the great directors who made the last senile film by adapting L ' Urrée "L'astrée", with ridiculous aesthetic codes, which seem to be a parody of Rosselini's latest films (the ones he made for television in Descartes or Marx). In his version of "Perceval," Rohmer refused to film real landscapes to give a re-transcription of what might have been a classic representation of middle-aged things. The director seems to have changed his mind when the seventeenth century engages in motion and actors, dressed as peasants in the 1600s, reciting their ancient text, surrounded by trees and contemporary landscapes. But everything seems even more ridiculous than Luchini and his fake trees. It's not like the story itself is bad, but the way Rohmer mixes naturalism with fireworks seems so childish and amateur that it quickly becomes funny (and I'm not even talking about the irritating pronunciation of the actors, the annoying and sad humor by Rodolphe Pauly, the ridiculous soft-erotic tone, the poor musical attempts or the strange fascination of trasvestisment!). The radical aesthetic of the film eventually seems like a joke that mixes soft-erotic film made for television with school theological discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches that the original French region of the story is now disfigured by modernity and therefore had to film L'Astrée in other parts of the country. However, I'm sure the film would look more modern and interesting if Rohmer had still filmed the same story in a modern area with the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This film may be interested in a few historians, but most moviegoers can laugh at Rohmer's last and sad film.
