Usually, I do not write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel I need to. I talked about a taste in another magazine, saying it's all in the eye of the viewer, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it simply means that you have a bad taste. I like movies . I liked "Isle of the Dead," which is kind of an unfamiliar movie. I really liked "Scream" and "Movie Scary". I liked these movies because they have, if not very much, the best about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I've seen because I'm telling a story I have not heard before, and most of the directors are doing only good story films. Throughout this movie, I thought, "Where is this going?" (even at the end) "Where did these awful actors come from?" - Is this supposed to be a joke? and so. With obvious breath, I was skeptical, but I hoped he could "make" the movie and prove I did not waste my time. I was just wrong. The story was bad for the beginning, and the twist broke down, in fact, any glow of hope. Here's a summary: The story? just like the first movie, which was fine, it is slow and seldom, without a relationship of audience with characters or situations. Situations are cumbersome and superficial and completely boring and predictable. Twisting was terrible, it did not make me feel like something like WOW enthusiasm. Just "my GOD". There was nothing in most of the movie you would look at and think "Oooo was not that smart" because it was not like that. In the "Battle Club" there are flashbacks at the end of which bits were shown where Tyler's true identity was presented critically and when you saw it again, you saw more, it really was a work of genius, as it was written, This was a meaningless attempt at a wonderful twist. I think it was "wild things" that had a rather weak twist and I still liked the movie because the rest was ok and did not try too much to be a big turn. As the CI2 writer thinks it will be the best twist. But, indeed, it's just a bad story, with a bad twist at the end. The movie ended almost immediately thereafter, the whole story of Sebastian's film did not mean anything, and a half-horrible forced paedophile ended with a really young and innocent girl. Actor? the actors in this movie are terrifying. Almost as bad is "Sunset Beach". - Extremely corny and badly executed. It's not so bad that it's good like "Hunk". The worst action I thought came from Amy Adams who played Kathryn, it was a rigid, pathetic, and stupid interpretation of her. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not yet seen "American Psycho II", but, undoubtedly, his "cool" style has ruined this movie as well. I can not even say it's a good movie for teenagers, it does not. If my son or daughter liked this movie, I would be ashamed. But they would not have happened anyway, because it would take into account all the things that make a good movie, about which this movie has nothing. Really. I am disappointed that some people said that you may not be old enough for this movie and you do not like "I love all the movies now that I liked it as a teenager and I had a very good taste. do you think when you reach 20+, you suddenly do not like teenage lines? No. I liked "Mean Girls" and other teenage generic movies and watched "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time There is no excuse for poor targeting , action and scenario I'm afraid, and I was 16/17 when I looked at it for the first time, if anything else, if you're older, you make a better judge of a terrible movie. to believe that anyone can give it 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave it 9 because I know it can be better. It's a shame for this site that people do that, yes 10s flippantly, or do not get movies / show, and so on 2. Ori who liked this movie should vary their taste and perhaps their life, and with that I understand that this is the worst movie ever made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager with a bad taste or just do not taste badly, you will absolutely hate this movie.
