Okay, normally, I'm not as harsh anymore, especially if the first movie is done well and it was finally a good movie. Regarding 1999, I think one of the first five films was Cruel Intentions. He had everything he had a great film, except for an original story, being adapted from a novel that he was still brave. On Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to be just the opening of a series based on the movie called manchester prep. What does not have to happen. In fact, after seeing this miracle of a movie, I can understand. Prior to starting work, I was at least the one who did and the director Roger Kumble wrote. Well, 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. It starts with a revival of the opening of the original, with a different sebastian twist, instead of putting the naked daughter's naked image in the net that the principal's wife puts in the head of the naked school. It would have been good if the lady had not been 50 years old. And, basically, the rest of the movie is a copy of the original. What I understand, if there is nothing wrong with her, leaves it as it is. But you can not do this with a movie. In fact, this was a prequel I just gave her a chance to see how they turned out to do in part 1. But with Sebastian being more or less just a prankster and Kathryn being herself and the sebastian transformation into sexual predator was in true story, this film had no foundation. Whoever pours on that thing was far away. They could at least try to make people look like the others, but not exactly just hired a bunch of actors who were not really good. I use this term, though I do not know why. They certainly did not do anything in this movie. This whole movie is a bunch of gaskets that do not even match the intelligence that the original had, but some of them did, but that's because they were part 1. Another bad aspect was, in part, that you could understand the need for them to act for attention because they did not involve the parent parents they had in her and were badly used as if it were showing why the children are so. However, it did not work. The best thing, though the original was that the distribution had chemistry, led you into this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the film what it was. This really ruins the experience of the first way to stay here.
