Cruel intentions 2 is terribly awful, I mean uber-bad. Words can not explain how bad it is, but I'll give it a way anyway. The plot of gross intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to New York. There he decides to make a new beginning and just a life a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately, he has to deal with his stepmother Kathryn (Amy Adams) wants to pull him down. Sebastain begins to fall in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the school principal. Kathryn wants Sebastain to sleep with the whole school, which was described as a "slut". Kathryn also wants to take revenge with Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliated him during the school meeting. Kathryn wanted to make the freshman into the biggest slut in school, a sub-plot similar to the first film. Cruel Intentions 2 is basically a announced TV show turned into a prequel. There are so many problems with the movie. It is inadequately written, unhappy and badly acted. Fortunately for Amy Adams that the show never took off because she is now quite a big actress. While Cruel's intentions had a sense of realism and could be seen being established in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 is set in the sitcom and as described on amazon.co.uk "a randy version of Saved by the Bell ". There were some dark themes involving sex and drug use in the first film, but in Cruel Intentions 2 it tried to make it funny and some of the ideas in the movie should not be, such as Kathryn having an affair with a teacher. And other ideas do not work, such as the secret society in which all known children meet to discuss the fall of other students. The film also had a major sexual problem of 15/16 years. I know adolescents have sex, sometimes very much, but when done on film or television, it is treated very seriously. A famous feeling was when Daneille encouraged Cherie (who is about 14/15 in the movie) to simulate sex on a horse's back to the point where he has orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut is very wrong with me and should not become a comedy subject. The banknotes in the movie collapse, whether it's a verbal chick, like "she's going wet all the time she sees you" in a visual gash where Sebastian pushes Kathryn into a sludge. wrong with this movie, which I do not have time to go in, but I say it should be avoided. Just watch Cruel Intentions, while it's not a classic, it's still a decent film and treats the subject well. This film is just a wet dream of a pervert, having school children who have a lot of sex between them.
