I can not believe I saw this again last night after more than 25 years ... Sometimes I watched 6 Fu films in order ... Boris Karloff and all 5 Chris Lees. The last 2 Lees, both directed (and I use this word freely) by Jess Franco, were abominable. At that time, I missed this, reminding me that in a way it was a problem. Well, I saw it. Never. You know what's worse than an abominable movie? A piece of S *** really good. And that's what is a FIANDISH PLOT. It's a very beautiful movie. GREAT production design, sets, costumes, music, photography, editing, mostly good distribution, decent action ... ... and absolutely, positive, one of the biggest SCRIPTS in the history of the movie! !!! AAAUGH !!!!! The first minute of the movie is so deceptive ... you might be wrong for a decent movie. And then they start singing "Happy Birthday to Fu" ... and going down. With Burt Kwouk (about whom his master says, "Your face is familiar"), accidentally spitting Fu's elixir vitae to fire, resulting in his conviction of torture, funeral, and the disappearance of one of his ears, was the closest thing to who had it. It was like someone decided they wanted to make a movie "camouflaged" - so ridiculous it would be funny. RIDICULOS, it's ... FUNNY ... NO. To all. It is sad, because it is clear in the first few minutes that someone has done a lot of research in the Fu Manchu series to get so "right". With a different scenario - either a real FUNI or a seriously dead one, he could - he could ... have ... had to have a classic on his hands. A movie that could have made somebody forget the horror of those atrocities of Jess Franco ... instead of making a wish to nod them as masterpieces by comparison. There was a period in the late 70's when a lot of 30-year-old classics were revived in films that were generally terrible. Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Tarzan, The Only Ranger, Charlie Chan, and even Doc Savage. I'm not sure this could be the worst of the batch. It took a great deal of self-control to not quickly promote all the sections, especially any scene containing Sid Caesar (the head of the FBI, who was also Al Capone's cousin - see what I mean?). Not only are the ideas in the movie funny ... they do not do SENSE at all. Just as the "audition" police officers get involved with the king and the queen, and we want to see people's "listening" routines such as singing, dancing, and riding a one-wheeler. How many doctors have done this to make any of these sense to them? <br /> <br /> As I said, a shame ... and a real waste of all talent, including Peter Sellers (who played both Fu and Nayland Smith), Burt Kwouk (who had been in Chris Lee Fu in his own time), Helen Mirren (the police woman who is shocked to fall in love with the bastard and the sneaky steal for the last half hour of the movie!). I'm starting to wonder if anyone ever makes a "good" Fu Manchu movie or if fans will have to settle because Karloff is almost alone?
