When the movie started, I was shocked to see it was filmed using a cheap camcorder! In fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the home movie. Even direct DVD movies should have better production value than that! Heck, a large percentage of home videos uploaded to YouTube have better production values! Too often, the movie seems to be done seriously by sticking the camera on a tripod and rotating it - without a camera person! In some situations where you may have worked, and in others you are too related or too fraught. Yecch! <br /> <br /> The film is about two homosexual men who want to marry. As if almost a decade ago, their only option was marriage in Vermont - or they certainly changed. However, recent acceptance of homosexual marriage can by no means be attributed to this film - if not, it has set supporters of gay marriage instead of helping while the movie moves and never tries to address the issue seriously. According to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry the Bible anywhere and shoot people, as well as husbands who have homosexual spouses, are aware of their minds when they find out that their husbands live a lie. I'm sure I'm glad they offer an honest chance to both sides on this issue! <br /> <br /> Bottom line - nothing about the film does not show the professionalism at all and even hesitate to say this movie. It's more like a home movie, and it's not even worth a list on IMDb or even listing the worst movies of all time on the IMDb's Bottom 100. The acting is horrible, the writing is horrible, the direction (if there is even one) is horrible, the camera work is horrible and the plot is horrible. It's a home movie! There is nothing positive to say about it in any way, except that Ed Wood's films seem to be compared to Oscar winners and I'm sure Mr Wood's ghost smiles every time someone sees this misery! <br /> <br /> I do not care if you are homosexual or directly - this movie is not worth your time and I do not know how they managed to create DVDs from it. I suppose one of the actors burns them on their home computer in their spare time! Seriously, this brings a new meaning to the word "bad"! By the way, if the only lady in the film Was a real lawyer, would not be the ability to read an important condition ?! I just say. "Finally, homosexual marriage is such a serious and important subject, we can not have a better film than the one who tackles the problem! This, unfortunately, just invites laughter.
