The worst film ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb are often throwing. Whether it's a Uwe Boll movie, classical music such as Manos Hands of Fate or the latest Michael Bay fantasy, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that the board says there's nothing worse in the movie world. I envy these people because they are ignorant happy and not knowing how deep the rabbit hole is in the shit movie. There are so bad, so hideous, so unintentional movies of hilarious and ridiculous that the cults are formed around them to celebrate their horror, and their discussion boards are the best places on the internet because all I unanimously agree that the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I present Ben and Arthur, a 85-minute homosexual episode that is so bad that it is much like a violent car accident, you know it is terrible, but you can not stop Looking at her. The idea of ​​self-proclaiming the Hollywood "actor, director" and adding the whale that Sam Mraovich faces, this movie is legendary terrible. Let me give you a clue as to how the ego ruled this project. Mr. Mraovich not only directed this movie, wrote it, produced it, executed it, marked it, edited it and then played it out. This is a man so blinded by his own ego and thus believing his non-existent genius that, like someone with an ugly child, he fails to recognize how catastrophic his bastard's creation is. Everything in this movie fails on an epic level, the actor is the worst you will ever confess, the plot is the most ridiculous, the publishing and cinema is the most amateur and even the music is like the nails on a blackboard. I'm aware that I went a little tangent here, but please believe me that this movie is as bad as I describe it, I would say that this film is a rough carp stung in a coil of movie, but the truth is not even shot on the film, it was shot on a digital video camera, not much better than the one in your closet, now collecting dust. Do not get me wrong, I forgive low budgets for movies, provided the concept is interesting, for example, as much as I did not like The Blair Witch Project has shown that low budgets can still lead to an interesting atmospheric film. Ben and Arthur have no good idea to quit, even if this movie was shot with a budget of 20 million, with the best Hollywood actors, it would still suck, the plot is so horrible, and the characters are worse. One of the main characters, Arthur, who is portrayed by someone other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the most ugly turbulence ever bored in a movie. You will disappear within 5 minutes of the beginning of the movie and until the end of the movie, that hate will turn into an absolute dissatisfaction. It seems Mr. Mraovich has forgotten that we should root for our hero. I do not want to ruin the whole blast of the burg that you will experience in watching this movie (which I urge you not to pay for because I will give you two bold, light examples of how bad this movie is, easy and easy, among the most In a single cut hear one of the main characters say "they know a good lawyer and give him a call", the shot fades then fades back and this HIM he talked about earlier is actually a pretty spectacular mistake made in post production I think the second is simple, a few seconds after I saw this transsexual lawyer, they are told that the characters fly to Vermont, then I cut into a plane with a landing plane among palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been to Vermont personally, but I'm sure you will not find any palm there. the stupid amateur inconsistency extends to almost an hour and a half combined with a ridiculous dialogue and plot, and then multiply it by 10, and it will not fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst absolute movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it's even worse and you're not going to be on the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really so bad. we should be glad in a way, such movies are a real rarity. We hope that someday we can become producers of new movies or we can be scriptwriters. Simply because we will have a new sense of confidence because we will know that anything we produce, no matter how amateurish it may be as much as a sue fest like this one. the worst movie of all time was eventually discovered and is called Ben and Arthur.
