Man, what was Sam Mraovich thinking? What was someone who was involved in this "film" thinking? Mraovich is the head of almost all of "Ben and Arthur": director, writer, producer (also EXECUTIVE producer!), Castle, you called it a star, he did. And he (Mraovich) sucks more than anyone has ever breathed in every shooting department. So what's wrong with this movie? All. The film is about two homosexual lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * groan *). Ben and Arthur want to marry a world where everyone hates homosexuals. To make things worse, Ben's "ex-wife" madness (they do not divorce exactly), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is mad that Ben has left her for another man and asks Ben to come back together that they may be homosexuals, and devoutly faithful Arthur's faithful, as hypocritical as Brother Tammy, Victor, are eager to make Arthur become right and then try to kill him after being kicked out from his church. /> The film is absolutely a block with so many goofs (for example, Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to marry - go there to Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees, fly back on a FedEx cargo plane - we hope (Victor calls Arthur "The Final Plan," which later turns into "The Final Deed", Arthur and the private detective run the same car, bla, bla, bla). The actors are very bad and there is a way , one way over the top, the scene the river is horrible of laughter (such an example is "I do not make sense, you do not make sense, I have meaning, that's who makes sense!") and there are many more mistakes with the "movie" I can "However, The noisy and yet incredible thing about "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something that's really fantastic (see his fake comments about "Ben & Arthur" and his obvious comments on YouTube). Mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance prevents him from seeing how terrible something is with his name on him. Indeed, to end, forget any bad movie that you claim to be the worst movie ever ... Ben and Arthur "will beat even that title, even Paris Hilton movies show that" The Dark Knight " compared to the monstrosity known as "Ben and Arthur."
