I have no idea what might be possible for Sam Mraovich to believe that this was a worthwhile project. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact, I do not see any reason why it should not be at number one on the bottom 100. Although I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (No. 5 at the time of this publication) you suspect that the movie is considerably more good than this leaking wound, because even in vain despondency at least Genius 2 for children was made professionally. On the contrary, everything, and I mean everything, in this movie is completely unprofessional. The film is intended to be an attack on the alleged bigot and hatred of homosexuals. And I emphasize "intentionally". Not only does it fail completely and completely for its purpose, it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a convincing and realistic portrayal of the fight of a homosexual couple against a society that is largely opposed, it creates stereotypes tired and crushed by each party involved. Ben and Arthur, the pair of associates, are portrayed as two rough, hungry and hopeless cuts that marry when laws change to allow them to do so. This is the case with Victor Victor, brother of Victor, a Christian minister who, like all the Christians (as the film had believed us), is strong, deceitful, stupid and violent. He's trying to kill Ben and Arthur after the Associations with them have let him out of office. Just like in real life. And if you think it's terrible (it is), you have not seen it all. The actors (?) Manage to completely destroy any vestige of credibility in this movie, telling them as if they were narrated a YouTube comedy home video. But even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando, as title characters, could not have saved this clunker, because it was all about the completely new and laughing dialogue that filled every minute of the movie. Each scene has at least one strange or badly placed quote. For example, in a scene, Victor tries to complain that he can not have grandchildren or grandchildren because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of clearly imagining this idea, he spits out the stupid, completely confused and voice-filled line: "You know what, I will never have grandchildren or grandchildren, okay, because you are so f **. * ED UP! <br /> <br /> Even more obvious is the total lack of production values. Yes, I know it's not the Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know a few basic things about special effects and editing. For example, six red cake dots are not enough for real bullet wounds. People do not teleport between the rooms. And objects do not fall FORWARD when they're shot! <br /> <br /> Do not lose money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you're 7, 17 or 107. I do not care if you're gay, straight, bi, or indecisive. I do not care if you're just curious. I do not care what pathetic reason you should be tempted to buy this garbage. Stay away, away. The only way to redeem this movie is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
