I made a big mistake in really watching the whole movie a few nights ago. God is still trying to get back. This film does not even deserve an average of 1.4. IMDb must have ratings of 0 votes possible for movies that really deserve it. A 1.4 was too big. I heard how terrible this movie was, but I really do not think a movie could be so bad, especially in this day and age. I realized that all God's terrible movies were only from the 1950s and 1960s. My God was wrong. Trust me, this movie is just that stupid. It's beyond horrible; is beyond pathetic; is beyond any type of word I can think of for him. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best picture of the year compared to this movie. SNAKE ISLAND (which until now was the worst movie I've ever seen) seems to deserve some Oscars in comparison to this pathetic effort. I do not seriously believe that the producers of this film thought this was a legitimate legitimate effort to produce a Hollywood film. This has no activity called film. In the first 25 seconds of the movie, I seriously thought I was looking at a high school theater class trying to make a short film. Or better, I thought it was a Saturday night experiencing a real experience. I mean, it looks exactly like that. The act is horrible; the whole movie seems almost shot with a 20-year VHS video camera. the special effects ....... well, the good Lord Bewitched from the back during the day had better special effects than this movie. The scene of shooting at the door is beyond the noise and beyond the cheese. I mean seriously, my class to enter into acting four years ago in college, we could all have put together a better movie than this one. And the worst part of the whole movie, where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. God, I almost been there. I have a strong stomach, but that was horrible. Some people should never be naked and one of them. The story of this movie seems to go absolutely nowhere. I am talking about legal issues that I have never heard before; Ben talks about entering the music we never hear about; arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college, and the next thing we see is he runs a porn shop. Everything about the movie is just horrible. This does not have much to do with my criticism, but precisely because everyone knows, I'm not a homosexual. But I support homosexual rights and I think we should all be equal. And I would support any homosexual person in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this movie, which, by the way it seems, cusses every word. (Where is F * (# * ing white out?) Hahaha But I did not want anyone to think I hate this movie just because it's about two homosexual guys. It has nothing to do with it: at kind of horrible a movie if it was Ben & Jill instead of Ben & Arthur. I just looked at this movie to see if it was really as bad as they say. a warning to everyone: Just watch this movie if you want to sit and laugh about how pathetic are some 21st century movies. If you look at this movie and you actually expect a good movie or something of entertainment, do not I have no sympathy for you. In a final thought: How in the world there are 7 films ranked below on IMDB? There is no way to exist 7 movies there are worse than that!
