This carp was bad. I looked at her like a joke. It's not so bad that it's good in an unintended way. This movie seemed to be designed to make me angry. It worked very well to do that. It's as if the people who did this took all the very annoying things about the PRIEST movie, added to a bunch of ugly guys, picked up something interesting, funny or even removed from the sexy and smart of the concoction and then added it to a bunch of old rotten cheese. That's all. Cheese. There is not one person with whom this movie can be connected. There is no universe in which this movie could take place. Why can not a movie like this enjoy life and be happy? Why did they have to make this idea already bad for a movie even more ridiculous than it is already? Why could not they even try to make a good movie or even a movie B. Now when I think about it, what the hell did they want to do with this movie? I saw she was expecting a campy love story and instead I had a boring student project about an idiot who needs to find the strength and courage to marry the boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy! No, I'm not kidding. That's what it is about. Sounds good? This film is quite ignorant of the people of Christ's religion, with the stereotypes that all Christians enlightened, shameful and bold to make as many people as miserable. Many Christian people I know will never talk or behave like strange. The film, however, is equally unfair and ignorant of the gay community. These must be the most homosexual men from the type of radio on that ROADKILL video game. He's so nervous and irritated that I could not handle this movie. Manufacturers of this train had no strategy to determine the design, actors, room angles, lighting, scenario, authenticity, or an idea that would make it fun or interesting. There is not even a single sexual scene, or at least one credible one. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie that did not look good, but his good look was sadly lost. This is garbage. In a perfect world, this movie will be voted at a 0.0 point. The value of 0 is just one movie. A mentally handicapped nun who is blind, deaf and has small arms for arms and legs, and whose face is located on her armpit, she could write, lead and produce a better film and probably be a better actor. the fact that this movie exists is a crime against the word "film" itself. This movie is so bad that other movies should be ashamed of being available in the same format that can be tracked. I could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a room and then stop the movie and then replace it with a mini x-tree tree and then record it and I already made a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR with at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and watch BEN & ARTHUR. I'm gay and I will probably be the most gay person you'll ever meet if you've ever met and I do not think I've ever been offended by a whole movie than I was in the first five seconds of this movie the movie alone. If this movie was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's good to make mistakes" to "It's good to make mistakes, unless this mistake was BEN & ARTHUR." Do you know how people always say things like "Good things come out of everything!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was first invented, so there could be something on this earth that nothing good will ever pull it off. To call this movie, the worst movie I've ever seen would be to give her too much credit. It's like this movie was designed just to qualify in a very personal category. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then there is BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN and ARTHUR.
