Interested in synopsis (every homosexual video currently has a piece on the cover, this should not be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be my last) to purchase a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing but a clandestine blow. Do not make this observation easy? I am an important collector of videos, homosexuals and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. Period. My collection contains over 1,600 movies (93% of them on DVD) and over 300 themes are homosexual and lesbian. I hardly have any homosexual movie ever made, but I feel comfortable about saying that I'm buying almost any gay video of interest that gets released and I often buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it makes a nice surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It's in the water, Urban and Normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that I've accidentally overcome. So when I read on the box that BEN and ARTHUR refer to a conflict between homosexual lovers and Christian Right, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to go see the unseen, despite my past, disappointing, buying of a another title CULTURE Q CONNECTION, VISIONS PLUMS OF SUGAR. The film was pretty bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, he saw GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was so bad with BEN and ARTHUR? A lot! First, the "plot" as it was, was totally ridiculous. This movie made me almost sympathetic to Christian law? we are praying not only to believe that a church would expel a member because his brother is a homosexual, but that a priest would indeed have executed a homosexual couple to save his souls. Writing is so poor that many scenes have no meaning, and a few plot points do not reflect logic, tracking or linking to the story. Crime and violence seem to be acceptable to the gay activist / right-wing conflict on both sides, and the act is so bad that it's hard to imagine how someone in this movie was hired. The characters that should be straight are almost without exception clearly gay and nelly stereotypes to boot; homosexual characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to prevent anyone from buying gay themed videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage that this image has on the other CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with a clear dialogue. There is no difference, because the script is so insipid that understanding the script serves only to make you more aware of how bad this movie really is. It is an embarrassment to the Queer culture and I intend to warn everyone I can afford before she spends her money. At $ 9.95 this movie would have been much overrated; I understand there will soon be a revaluation under $ 20, which is a STILL highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt cheated in my life. The only true laugh about this poll is the reviews? I have seen user reviews for this movie on many websites and there is always one or two that "praises" the director / writer / actor so it is obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this Ed Wood wannabe. How sad. How desperate. Just want the IMDb to allow you to assign zero - or even minus zero stars. If he ever deserved a movie, that's it.
