Recherche is a good word to describe this movie. Suppose each movie has a point of sale, a gimmick. "Sleepless in the Seattle Theater is situational in their tagline," What if someone you have never met, someone you have never seen before , someone you never knew is the only person for you? "Many romances rely heavily on these gimmicks and some on the big name draw. Leap Years uses both Irish folklore and the well-known name of the country So now that the audience is in cinematography, besides all the usual elements in characters, conflicts or consequences, crisis, solving and denunciation, also awaits the stimulating dialogue, more absorbent situations as a result of the years of leap, sub-plots interesting and perhaps to a certain extent a good turn in the middle or the end of the story that favors the circumstances of the characters. This is what Jean Yeo If they tried, their purpose was apparent in the other court, at the other stadium, at the other end of the planet. She and her writer, Alain Layrac, have failed to provide a stimulus dialogue. Most lines have been created. They seem to have a bag full of lines that she would like to use in her movie: "Okay, these are the lines and quotes I've heard or read either from the movies I've seen, from the books I've read before, and all of this seems good to me, if I feel good, they'll sound good to the audience, so all I have to do is put them together and use them all. " The result is cathartic. I can not say that the lines were useless and have nothing to do with the story or the leadership of the plot, but they seem to spring from nowhere, to take care of you with these quotations quoted. On a personal level, I know people quoting quotes based on most of the situations in our dialogue, trying to make them meaning for themselves while nodding. I do not go out with them because the need to punch them is overwhelming. Secondly, the portrayed characters are foolish and one-dimensional. With the exception of unnatural dialogue involving their motivation (needed to lead the plot), there was no sense of persuasion in them. I have no idea who I am. These are all simpletons that banish lines from the advice column of a women's magazine. The gimmick in the old years is not enough to lead the story because the circumstances are too superficial. Then again, there are movies with less, but better than that, I'm not there. They did it with the first and second points. Moreover, sub-parcels are inconsistent (not that it is a bad thing for movies) and thin (bad thing). Jean Yeo and the producers are trying to get off terrible terrain with luxurious locations and affordable photos. This is because they probably understand that it is possible and easier to obtain approval from some viewers than others, with a good use of cinema, soundtrack and filming. Those viewers who have no discernment. It's not really the kind of movie that's so bad that it's good. It's just bad. Do not look at this.
