"Leap Years" is a film adapted from an e-novel by the writer of Singapore, Catherine Lim, who became the first Romanian novel / novel that was sold on the internet. The film had a tyrannical post-production program: shot at the beginning of 2005, was released for release at the end of 2005 but eventually appeared 3 years later on February 29, 2008, a year of jump. <br /> <Before I say anything, I have to admit first that I am not a fan of the genre of romance, so I might be a bit biased against this movie - I just saw it because it was a production in Singapore, and that it is available for lending to the library in my neighborhood. Here are my two cents on the film. Let's just start by saying that other than KS and Wong Li-Lin of Qi Yu-wu, everyone here seems to be an Eurasian. The interest of love is an Eurasian (Ananda Everingham), and Wong's trio of friends is all, er-hem, the Eurasians. This film perpetuates the stereotype that love and association with the Eurasians are more "in" than the ordinary Chinese (or any Asian race you are?) I do not know, it seems like that. Everyone in the film also speaks in an anglicistic mystical accent, which is nowhere in place, certainly not in Singapore. It's a kind of "semi-perfect English language" that authorities would like to talk about, but which does not exist outside the MTV Channel. The effect is that the dialogue between the sounds of the movie is forced and stiff, not helped by the lack of blue-real Singaporean cast. The writer seems to try too much to tighten a line after - the seals. Twenty minutes later, the film begins to lean and the film begins to serve its usual plateau plateau. <br /> <br /> I think I did not enjoy the film because the whole premise of supporting a love affair for over 16 years seems incredible. <br /> <br /> There are other unbelief in the movie. I can not believe that KS (played by Qi Yu-wu) would fall for one of Wong's friends. And the scene in which the bridegroom says "Go before I change my mind" was used in a hundred East Asia series (Korean, Chinese, Hong Kong, Taiwan, etc.) ... <br /> < br /> So, 4 stars for this movie. The value of production is correct, and Wong Li-lin tries to do it, but it is not helped by the scenario. Joan Chen has a 15 minute length in the movie as older Wong and is perhaps the best actress of the batch but, hey, her role is just a cameo. If you meet "Leap Years" in your rental ticket or library, you may want to find it in the DVD player for reasons of curiosity, but otherwise, for those who do not enjoy the genre of romance, you can decide if you will you miss it.
