It's cheese. If everything you want is a video game, complete with what looks like direct sequence sequences from the computer for action, the movie was too cheap to make the special effects for it, that is. My boyfriend and I really had a great vision, because the theater was more empty and we could be a little bit angry. This REALLY movie requires heckling. <br /> <br /> Plot? Was it a plot? Okay, a stupid colleague or later are invited to the "rave of the year" and go to one of the San Juan Islands ("If only stayed in Seattle, he would have survived." - quoted directly or close.) To participate. They get there and everyone is gone, and the site is somewhat destroyed (but hey, the barrel is still full!). With the help of an old cruel captain and a Coast Guard woman (who acted only a little less difficult - and a little better than - Cynthia Rothrock), he fights with a lot of zombies (some spitting acid) lots of strange legends, and especially to be killed. It's about that. It's not as bad as Demonicus, but not much, and better than Severed (I'm kind of my own alpha and omega for bad movies - the first is bad but fun to drink, and the latter is too bad bad to look back several times). On the other hand, if you expect an excellent video game like Resident Evil, run! run now! OK, a few big real questions (without too many spoilers): Since the 18th century Spanish ships appeared in the Pacific Northwest ????? Why is someone in smuggling cans in the Northwest Pacific and to whom - CANADA, because they cry loudly ??? Why is a rau on an anamat (oh, excuse me, is called "isla del muerto", shya, right) San Juan Island - and outdoors, also taking into account this is PACIFIC NORTHWET. And the ravens have about 30 people - "ravea of ​​the year", "patoot". Lucky thing around. Many. Everybody has them. There has to be a sales hatchet store nearby. Finally, as the movie began to play with a small "parody" (with noticing "I know what you did and the jaws"), pretty good. Finally - when introductory comments (in a voice-over, no less) occasionally mention that one of the characters "has given up her boyfriend to focus on her fences" be sure there will be a fence until the end of the movie . It's not good fences, but a couple of people hacking each other with swords anyway.
