Okay, let me start by saying that none of this will be a surprise to someone who read the other comments. That being said, M-G-D, this movie asked! I mean, WOW, I did not know it was possible to throw as much money as they did for something and come worse than any Roger Corman movie! Corman was probably the screenwriter of this movie at some point, but it fell because of the poor quality of the script! The only reason why this movie was made first and foremost is that someone said, "Hey, the zombies are popular, the video games are popular, what kind of game can we get a zombie in? Resident Evil? No, somebody first got there. Silent Hill No, not too quiet People will never sit in a dark room just to be afraid of stupidity Hey, did not Sega have a game in which people ran around the zombies They came out of the biz platform , we could get that for the money! "Basically, they tried everything they could to make a movie that felt like the video game, even before shooting the fight as though the characters actually played the game. The first major problem is that the original game was horrible. I mean, the game of bad-selling-made-in-more-bad-in-two-weeks-and-then-ship-out-and-bought-by-morons-and their parents-for-horrible christmas. The graphics were boring. The monsters were boring. The levels were boring. The interface was boring. The case was boring. In other words, it was a boring game. And that was the ARCADE version. The home version was even worse! With the home version, you did not even get the rifle to hold your hand while you were bored with this useless game! But I've been digging. The second problem is that they have gone so far as to actually prohibit scenes from real gameplay during the battle scene. HUH ??? Did the editor not have enough confidence in the effects to indicate that a real fight took place? Not to mention Battle Evolutions shot from a video game perspective, which can explain the tedious use of Matrix style effects. The problem with this is that the game was a first person shooter (the player advances from the character's POV). Maybe that's why they put the graphics in the game to let you know that they all hinted at the game ... Right, whatever ... Anyway, the only thing that made this whole experience at a good distance was that everyone at the theater made the noise of the movie loud, so my abruptly hysterical and general mistrust movements were taken as an ordinary thing and they did not hit me. up, do not go see this movie! You do not even want to rent it when it comes out on video in a few weeks. Run. Run.
