If there was a movie that deserves a 0 out of 10, it would be so. "House of the Dead" redefines the term "bad movie". Other bad movies, such as "When a Foreign Call" or "Premonition," will actually look much better compared to the "House of the Dead". The "Ground" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty years of traveling on a remote island to participate in the "rave of the century". When I get there, I find only tents, a bar, a scene, and some bloody shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and they are soon attacked by the zombie. There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie. It's not fun. Instead, it's painful to look at how terrible it is. The act is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors claimed that director Uwe Boll is not afraid to tell anyone when they do a good job or a bad job in a scene. This is a flagrant lie. The script seems to have been written by an 11-year-old child who decided to include a scene of someone throwing a girl's chest and include the hilarious line, "smells like someone stolen here." The characters do not have personality or depth and do some of the most moronic things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also turn into a SWAT team to take down the zombies. It's like they do not have to straighten their guns and automatically shoot the zombies in the head. The most frightening thing about this movie is directing. There's something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's work with the camera is amazingly divorced. His traps to the zombies running through the forest are foolish than threatening. Worse, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include in the film a small film from House of the Dead. Quite often, and in the most random moments, you will suddenly see a shot animated zombie. It makes no sense. No one in their mind would think it is a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us repeatedly that the movie should be based on video games. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be best to include 360-degree rotated shots during action scenes at 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, it does too often, and each shot is nauseous. The soundtrack of this film makes its mind. Most action scenes are accompanied by a powerful rap song. This also adds to the headaches that occurred because of the Atrocious House of Death. The house of the dead is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It also does not fall into the "so bad it's good" category. However, it falls into the category "so bad that it is painful". This movie is really stupid. Uwe Boll should never be left next to another movie. Even his presence will curse a production. For all the directors there: Whenever one of your movies gets a wrong review, all you have to do is remember that you did not make the "House of the Dead" and you will feel much better. I will never get the 90 minutes of my life. To sum up, words can not describe how bad this movie is. All those involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Although what I said can make the House of the Dead fun, it really is not. Nothing is funny. Avoid this at any cost.
