When George C. Scott played the lead role in "Patton," you saw him guiding tanks with punch pumps, shooting German bombers with a revolver and spreading profanity to superiors and subordinates. The greatest action we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur," a figure of the same war of a much greater achievement, is when he fries cartons with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow. Comparing Peck's performance with Scott's may be unfair. However, the fact that "MacArthur" was made by the same producer and was marked by the same composer is demanding parallel, as well as the fact that both films open with the generals who address the cadets at West Point. It is clear to me that the filmmakers wanted to imitate the Oscar winning film a few years before. But while Peck shows the role more than Scott has ever done, he unfolds as the least gentle in a story that feels less dramatic than a discovery of MacArthur's future career. who thinks he is a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the best people who have ever lived, "says an opening title. It's a bit typical of a dishwater of post-Vietnam sophistication about those who led the military American, for a very long time, but what we get here is not a sight. "MacArthur, as presented here, does not rage or inspire the way he did it." Director Joseph Sargent, who continued to lead the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge," makes a paint by numbers (such as the Chinese attacks by the American forces in Korea), while the script made by Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins hits a MacArthur who meets equally well-born with the point of madness, a bit too caught in his public image, but never less than decent. "Here you see him leaving the landing boat making his return to the Philippines. giving it to Congress in his speech, The Old Soldiers Never Die. For a long time, he is in a Toyko cinema, expecting the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so that we can continue the story, while the news film details Japan's details of ash under its enlightened reign. Peck's co-actors, Marj Dusay as a devoted wife ("You're my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as loyal believers, are burning their tears in the direction of their great companions, but do not acquire any interest on their own . > <br /> Even when he argues with others, Peck never raises his voice and, for the most part, earns his arguments with eloquent thunder. When Admiral Nimitz suggests the retardation of Philippines recapture, a personal pride and a tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur returns with the commentary: "Right now, when we listened to his plan, we thought we saw our flag down." Undoubtedly the real Nimitz had something to say about it, but the character in the film just bowed his head and gently accepted insulting in the presence of President Roosevelt. The only person in the film that MacArthur does not agree with Harry S Truman, who Ed Flanders does a good job despite a prosthetic nose that makes him resemble Toucan Sam. Truman's breakdown of MacArthur should be a point of utmost importance, but here he is in a quiet conversation where Peck plays MacArthur as a brilliant martyr Peck stood at the top pantheon of the stars on the screen, he offers an excellent presence but is uncomfortable even in many of his most famous roles. But it is unfair to place him here so much, for he helps a little to define MacArthur as something other than a plea. Except for two scenes, one opposed to the capitulation of the Philippines ("He struck Old Glory and ran a blanket!") And another if he has a mini-breakdown while awaiting the US invasion from Inchon, inveying against Communists undermining him at the White House, Peck plays Peck here, not the complex character that inspired the famous sobriquet "American Caesar". Real MacArthur could have been worthy of such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than Shakes The Clown.
