Okay, so I'm not a great video game boy but was the House of the Dead game quite famous for making a movie from? Of course, they went so far as to make quick video clips across the film as if they were to justify any scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same with your hand at the bottom screen of your own, holding any weapon and going to all sorts of aliens or walking dead or sniper or whatever. It's an exciting premise in the House of the Dead with a lot of college children (children from college LOADED such as children who are able to pay a fisherman like $ 1,500 just for a walk after they have lost their boat) trying to get out on this island for what should be rave of the year. The first thing that comes to mind about the House of the Dead after you've looked at it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror films have become nothing but an exercise in coming up with creative ways to get a lot of teenagers dressed in sparks in exactly the same situations. At least in this case, the fact that they were heading for a rage excused the way the girls are dressed. They look great from the place to run around the forest in cute charts, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. Clint Howard, telling the most interesting character in the far-off film, offers absolutely terrible performance, whose greatness shades the other actors in the film. I can not resist when well-known actors change their accents in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard shows here that it's as flat as a well-known actor to claim he's the hardened fisherman with a stray voice from years breathing with salty air. It did not even make any sense. She seemed to eat a roll of cinnamon before shooting and accidentally inhaled some powdered sugar or something like that. Very tough there, Clint! I expected more of him, but then, again, he agreed with a part in this mess. Once we get to the island, the movie becomes temporarily in any of the 13 films that took place at Camp Crystal Lake on Friday. A lot of teenagers played by actors who were too old to strip their pieces and then be killed. Nudity was impressive, I guess, but let's consider something for a minute. These kids pay nearly two thousand to go to this island to go to Rave of the Year, find NO, and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled out hundreds of his wallet to make them all out there, did not think anything about finding a full bar and no single person alone. Here's the Contribution of Director Uwe Boll - There's Alcohol! They will not notice that the party they came to consists of no one but themselves! So, not only do they start drinking without thinking that the whole party seems to have released the island but when one of the girls goes to the dark forest to find out where everybody is (pulling another girl and one of the boys without doubt), the type and girl who are behind to be destroyed, I think it would be a great idea to get down for a moment when they are alone. It's like expecting to find the empty island, and now that the rest people they came to leave for a while, it would be intimate, because there is no one around. Brilliant! Now for things that everyone hates, judging by the reviews I've read about the movie. Yes, the interplay of photos from the film into the movie, especially to show that, yes, the movie was faithful / directly copy the video. Sure, it was a bad idea. I can not imagine who thought that little nugget, but worse than those are the Matrix style bullet scenes that were thrown over and over and over and over. After the first time (when I realized it was pretentious and cheesy for a movie like this to have a chance as if it were something original), it is more noticeable for the technique of shooting itself than for any purpose or dramatic creation of any kind of tension for the film. One of the things that make a frightening zombie movie and get you on the edge of your chair is to give it slowly, but no doubt to come after the living people who are much quicker but tired, missing places to run and with terrible lack of things to fight with zombies. The first two are in the movie, the children are horrified, and they do not have many places to run since they are on an island, but since they were caught with a smuggler, they were very armed. And I want to say this very strong. I mean, these people have everything from hand grenades to machine guns, which removes most of the imminent walking mortality tension. Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since rave never happened and I think because Uwe Boll believed that people would be disappointed that they had not heard a techno melody in the movie, there is only one scene right in the middle of which all people struggle with the living dead, and turns into a music movie. There are techno sand blasting because the fires are edited together faster and faster until there is nothing but a shot of gorilla shot, generally only about 5 frames long (which is about 1/6 of a second) flashes on screen in time with techno music speed. Of course, I think she has no place in a horror movie because it completely eliminates any sense of macabre or tension even because of the rough effect because you can not see anything long enough to react to it. Just see that these frames fly on the screen and wonder what the director was thinking about when he decided it would be a good idea to put something like that in the movie. seen a lot of people compare this film to Resident Evil, mostly claiming he is copying the premise of it, and they are just right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case with Resident Evil, it was not a human-made virus that turned people into deaths that could infect other people by changing how vampires turn others into vampires. 28 days later was also a source of inspiration for this film, it is too bad that the House of the Dead did not do one original thing, except the somewhat moronic idea of ​​introducing quick pictures of the video game on which it relies , just if you forget. I really think it should have been a much better movie. Of course I can not say that I know much about the game on which it is based, only the title and poster of the film deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think it is more often than in the case of horror films. It's a bit sad when a movie that is so obvious that it's published as a horror movie without barriers, and the most frightening thing in the movie is the shutdown film, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.
