Launched and drugged out, a kidney stone has turned its happy path through the rigid urinary tract, with absolutely nothing better than letting analgesics leave me in half-forget, I happened to get this film on the cable. I would not want anyone to believe that I paid to see him in a cinema, or hire him, or? sky forfend! ?? that I saw it STRAIGHT. After playing this sensational frightening video game and hardly ironing the convicted cameras and the passageways of the House, fighting with Chariot (Type 27), The Hanged Man (Type 041) and other impossible sentinels, my curiosity was put to Doubt about how the game would be transferred to the cinema screen. It's not happening. The banal terrain revolves around a group of "crazy children"? to Scooby Doo? to participate in a remote island for a "ravage" in the world? whatever it is. (Today's kids with your hula-hoops and mini-skirts and with Pat Boone?) After bribing a machine gun in thousands of dollars to transport them there (a stupidity that imposes its own network of rhetoric), they find "rave" left. The mention of the passage is made of a "house"? probably House of the Dead? but most of the action takes place on false outdoor sets and other churches divorced by any appearance of haunted residence. A fallen video camera acts as a reflection flake, showing the island in the storms of a ?? party?! That's how it is? Oh, so this "rave" is just a "party"? In the great tradition of redeeming "used cars" as "pre-owned" or "shocks from the shell" as "post-traumatic stress disorder," the word "party" is now too square for drug use, implanted, metrosexual jags? <br /> <br /> It is learned that the party was broken by rapacious zombies. Does smart thinking stop here? I do not think pinheads called scriptwriters and directors understand the myths behind the zombie animation. Zombies can not die? are already ONE-DEI. They did not bloody, I do not know any pain. If their bodies are not completely annihilated, they will continue to be animated. At least that's what the jamaican witch said to me. Which means a .45 shot in their hearts will not stop them, and no stinging machete. And a shotgun burst will certainly not cause blood gout. At least in the logic of the video game, the shooter pumps so many rounds in each monster that it is completely decimated, leaving a fetid mushroom that can not recover. However, each model actor-slash-gets their Moment-Matrix-Circular-Camera, killing zombies on all fronts with unique bullets and karate potatoes to the sternum. Seriously, these zombies are more inefficient than the "Return Of The Jedi" Stormtroopers who are knocked down when Ewoks guides them. I suppose that the writer of the film, Mark Altman, who wrote not-too - "The Free Enterprise," felt compelled to introduce a reference to Captain Kirk in the character of Jurgen Prochnow, who ought to have needed money in despair that it succumbed to appearing in this aromatic drink. There is also a reference to Prochnow's main role in the magnificent "Das Boot," when one of the B-less actors mentions that "looks like a U-Boat captain." "I wonder how many of the target audiences of this filthy-eyed movie have taken any of the references to other films, as Prochnow says:" Greet my little friend, "giving her the moment <br /> <br /> Dedicated to a demographic that does not have the means to understand the Sisyphean uselessness of the concept of video game (ie the game ends when you can not win), this is just a slasher movie for the mindless and no mind to heart.Therefore, everyone dies at some point, except for a heterosexual pair of attractive white people. Better use for the budget of this small but still misused movie would have been to send cast by Actor School, though Ona Grauer's left chest did a good job, as did her right chest and slomo's scenes: priceless! I especially liked the final scene u She trying to act like she was stabbed, cream too fast. <br /> <br /> Attempting to do something more with my time, I took out the digital Anamorphic DVD of "Manos: the hands of fate", the 35th edition, "Ah, yes The drugs were properly crushing the brain - now HERE was a quality film? (Movie Maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)
