There are some movies that you just know will be bad from the first. Even if you did not realize Ed Wood's work, look at that commentator in "Plan 9 in outer space," yet you know that you will not see the next cinematic masterpiece. That's how it happened when I saw the first chance of master house Uwe Bolls "House of Dead," with the guy sitting in front of the house, starting with his introduction, desperately trying to sound like he's just arrived from Sin City for a walk from the helluva. So the movie starts so - the first character says all the others will die. You know, to keep you wandering. Then it starts to put the rest of the characters with lines like "Karma .. thinks it is Foxy Brown" or "Alicia .. my former .. we have recently separated ... I had to study and she had to guard." No, I'm not kidding. However, this bunch of 20 things that could not come out of a damp paper will go to the "War of the Century," raving in discussion being a few tents, a steel port and a lower scene lying on the island small in the middle of the Pacific. Our band has missed the ferry, but fortunately it will find a way to get there, the way it is a Kirk boatman (Cpt Kirk? Take it, man, anyone who wrote this script is a genius) and his friend who is a bastard of Cpt McAllister's son at Simpsons and the killer who knows what you did last summer. To make the short story, the tape arrives on the island, no one finds it except bloody jerseys and then decides to take hell away from there. Do not wait, they do not, they actually become all happy and as if there is a free drink. With that scene, the movie strikes the bottom of the rock and then, against all odds, continues to go down. Some guys in rubber suits start running around, they're printed and shot, our gang goes to a house to meet another tape, gets out of the house, meets Cpt Kirk and a police woman (who's about 500 pounds of weapons) and then decides to return home. Somewhere along the line it turns into a S.W.A.T. the team enters the Matrix, the boys in the rubber suit begin to multiply as bacteria and start to cry, because I actually pay to see that. To add insult to the injury, every few minutes there are photos of the video game on which this silly is based, and there is a nice play scene over the cut-scene for a few characters when I die. <br /> <br /> I seriously hate this movie. It does not even fit in that famous category "So bad is good". It's simply bad. The scenario is bad, the zombies are terrifying, there is no tension, the lines are bad, the actors are bad. The list just goes. <br /> <br /> You will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation for being horrible. Do not. There are bad movies that deserve to be watched. This is not one of them.
