There are people who want to check something! This is the only explanation I can give because of the movie of the House of the Dead. And that's just a scary part of the whole movie. It's so bad that you get out of the movies forever. I seriously wanted to stop this and turn TV off the Paint Drying channel, but I was forced to say that it suffers. I do not know why I'm doing those bad things to me. As if important, this is the basic safety of the "story". A twenty-year-old group is so desperate to go to an island in the Northwest Pacific (Canada, in fact, because it's cheap) for "Rave of the Century" (which includes about 8 people and non-raving music ) you pay a 1,000-dollar fisherman to take them there after they've lost the main ferry. There must be some zeal that deserves to be worth all! The fisherman warns that the island is also known as the "Island of the Dead" (to stay on-believed that it was the home of the dead?) And that all are condemned yadda yadda yadda. here. Why would a small raccoon (my leg of my century) take place on a remote island? Why would someone pay a lot of money to get it? Why pay even more the old fisherman to take them back, when can they return with the others? Once they arrive, they discover that rave (consisting of about 2 tents, a small scene and a john port) has been crushed, blood is everywhere, and nobody is around. What would any rational thinking man do? Flee, of course, for their lives. But no, these blind people, obviously blind, decide to go looking for them. Quite quickly, they discover an old, old house 50 times larger inside than outside. Another half an hour of loading in the forest follows, as an excuse to kill some of the smaller characters, and after much tedium they arrive back to the house again. Characters, like the movie, do not go anywhere. Bound in this terrible disaster is a superabundance of crazy dialogue, foolish adventure, mumbo-jumbo exposure, and zillion clips of the popular arcade game of the same name. Why this has been universally accepted as a good idea with filmmakers I will never know. Videos have no reference to any of the scenes and can degrade this garbage even further, if possible. It has nothing to do with the game except some cheap lines, End. The result of Resident Evil looks like a cinema glory. Hell, even the Double Dragon movie seems multi-Oscar worthy compared to this junk. The only one who comes out of this with his still intact dignity is Jurgen Prochnow. He could have taken his money and run away, but he tries everything he can with the terrible scenario and brings a little bit of a pathogen to his character. The rest of the shit I'm afraid of. Characters are idiots and deserve to die. In addition, if you cut the swearing and useless nudity, I see no reason why this movie can not be broadcast on Saturday morning television. It's not really scary. Pirates of the Caribbean are more frightening than the skeleton-type bad guys in this movie. And where did all the bad guys come from? Only a few people on the island started to begin. I think this justifies why they chose to re-use the images. You do not think you will see the same zombie dozens of times. Who will be finally blamed for the scandalous celluloid waste? Nobody else than director Uwe Boll. Control of the film is non-existent. You can see clearly that the actors do not see what they should do and that the zombies do not really take it seriously. The actors seem to read books late while they stop constantly in the middle of long phrases and continue to speak as soon as they see the next book. Everything feels very unnatural. Plus the movie is shot as a mini-series in two parts. I have really seen many TV productions. And do not make me start editing. The film is an incoherent buzz, with thousands and thousands of unnecessary photos and dozens of unreasonable camera trays. No real skill or talent has been put into doing it at all. It's really a shame and rich mind in which movies can be transformed into a terrible evil evil, and George A. Romero can not make anyone take his phone. House of the Dead makes an idiotic reference to Romero in a lazy attempt to be "post-modern," but only irritates that they think HOME is in the same league as a real zombie movie. it's worth the 1.85: 1 anamorphic image looks great, and the Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is clean but very unimpressive and serves just to say even the most used ADR. The DVD comes with extracts, but why did you get tortured. Is this warning not warning enough? Stay away! You are all destined, I tell you! Doomed! Doomed !!!
