Lynn Hollister, a small town lawyer, travels to the nearby town, linked to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man in spite of the Christian female name-poll: Writers try to make reference to John Wayne's birth name being "Marion"?) Hollister thinks Johnny's death was an accident, but in he soon realizes that Johnny was killed. Subsequent investigations reveal a network of corruption, criminality and electoral rigging related to Boss Cameron, the main light in the city's political car. This seems to be the plot of a murder thriller, probably made in the noir movie style that began to become popular in 1941. It is not. "A betrayed man," despite his theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's beautiful Sabra's daughter, and the film focuses on both the resulting romanticism and suspense. This movie could have worked if it had been done as a simple serious drama. A commentator says that John Wayne is not at all credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every movie, and a tough lawyer who would take the forces of organized crime probably would have been good in his compass. Where I agree with that commentator is when he says Wayne was not an impersonator of Cary Grant. The romantic comedy was not on his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors might be forced to play whatever role their boss requires, whether on their street or not, and Wayne was one of the few major stars to work for Pictures Pictures without a doubt he wanted to get as many miles as he could. That being said, Cary Grant himself could not have made "Man betrayed" to act as a comedy. There is no reflection on his comic talents; is a reflection on the total lack of funny material in this movie. I doubt if anyone, no matter how well he developed the sense of humor, might find something to laugh at. The tone of the film's heart does not make him a successful comedy; prevents being taken seriously like anything else. This is one of those movies that are neither fish nor meat, no birds, no good red herring. 3/10
