First of all, I did not know anything about "Mazes and Monster" before I looked. I had no knowledge of the controversy behind the roles behind it or the fact that it was a Made-For-TV film. When I looked at the cover (updated DVD) I seriously believed it would be another Fantasy adventure, such as the Legend, with Tom Hank as a nerdy hero in the 1980s, entering a mythical world to save a princess of monsters. It sounds interesting, is not it? This is what the cover suggests at first glance. I was given this film as a gift, obviously under the same premise because my aunt knows that I am in action movies with the theme of medieval myths. And he has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So we launched this movie, waiting for a good film with Tom Hanks in a world of special effects in the 80s, which would be good for a laugh. Not! Nothing happens. Now, before continuing, I confess, I am a nerd, but I have no interest in role-plays. This is all this movie is about my interest in content is warm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) It's not even a film based on roles, with poets who use their imagination to enter a wonderful world. Not! This is an anti-role film that must have been made by a religious people (the same people who think that Barney is Satan's work). I understand that Satan is a deceiving man, but I do not think he is desperate enough for the soul to fall asleep on RPG lovers to worship him. This movie is THEE anti-gamer. Here's what I get from this movie: He hates RPGs and not only makes fun to people who engage in role-playing but makes Tom Hanks a mental patient. Tom had an excuse talking with a "Castaway" volleyball, the poor guy was alone, but Tom did some crazy fun and you saw Volleyball as a lover of Tom's good action. I'd like to see the movie instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by a creature who thinks he is a dragon (apparently a bad mascot made for an RPG team) and has a split personality that is at best creepy. Tom's action goes beyond just to make you feel bad about his character and nothing else. I take the poor brother who lost his brother and is not right in the head, because the movie wins points because it was intended tragically. I'm not one for the movies that exploit mental illness, and the ending at "M & M" made me feel like cr * p. Fortunately, I followed Hudson Hawk and laughed before my soul was crushed. YH, "HH" exceeds "M & M". . . a lot! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen in (Even "Salvation of Private Ryan" is not so depressing). I walked hoping to see a good movie and I came to feel the opposite. If you want to watch a sad movie (both emotionally and visually), then, by all means, watch this. If this movie sends a message, this is the following: "Do not play RPGs if you are a cuticle for Coco-Puffs."
