The psychology of this movie is really strange to try and figure out. It's often billed as an anti-RPG movie, but it's not that simple. Here are apparent contradictions that make me wonder what (if anything) they are trying to say about games. They hardly introduce all the characters by introducing them all with their parents who are divorced, alcoholic, and totally out of touch with their lives, unless they press them harshly to succeed. Tom Hanks is certainly the worst, just failed in another school and is still in charge of a missing brother who may be dead. <br /> <br /> It has been said several times that they play the game to work through problems in their real life. And certainly, at the end, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), all are happy and well trained, dressed and careers for adults solving problems, eliminating games (Daniel does not want to design computer games) , and even Robbie's mother, who has been constantly beaten and discontented, is suddenly the Blessed Homemaker, looking for fresh and bright flowers. Sure, JJ suddenly (and with joy seems to) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be entirely because he is a single boy genius who can not get a date and not because his character dies, as in the famous Jack Chick tract (which happens afterwards anyway, and it seems he's doing it in order to put an end to Daniels' play and to make everyone play his part. caverns seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing!) and in what may be the coolest scene painting throughout the film, Kate, looking quite happy in chain mail, looks right at the camera and say something like : "The most frightening monsters are in our minds." <br /> <br /> The biggest fancy element in this movie is the two buddies who go through the rich couple so they can rob the dirty and sheltered guy of his magic bean. The recurring theme ("The way we were" for the 1980s) could have been extremely painful at the end, but as a way to launch a movie is depressing and seems to be lacking. And for one last mystery hero, wearing pardurile Royal has a psychotic breaks, it becomes completely character and heads the mission, so of course the first thing you do is to turn into clothing street from the 20th century. So maybe the movie is irrational, but I think it's dealing with an irrational subject. In those days, a circle of dice and pencil children was regarded as being viciously and possibly possessed, and you could be mad if they spoke mumbo-jumbo to you. Anti-game paranoia is pretty brief in the first scene, where the reporter asks the policeman what's going on, the cop says a child has lost in the tunnels, and there's a chance Mazes and Monsters are somehow involved. The reporter recognizes that is very familiar with the game (although he allows his children to play), then turns to the camera and rotates on a polished SPIL that blame game for everything and does not admit any possibility of another explanation. Finally, it's not masterpiece, it's interesting as movies made for television.
