I did not even know it was a movie originally made for television when I saw it, but I guessed it through its running time. She has the same sparkling colors, gentle characters and horrible synthesized music that I remember from the 1980s plus a "social platform" that actually calls out "Afterschool Special". Anyhoo. <br /> <br /> Rona Jaffe (thank you) Mazes and Monsters was made during the glory of the Dungeons & Dragons, a RPG pen and paper that took the hearts of millions of geeks around America. I'm counting on one of the geeks who have never played D & D before, especially that I met in one of his brothers. M & M was also made during the peak of D & D's major controversy - that it was so encouraging that people could lose touch with reality, worship Satan without knowing, blah blah. I suppose it was a legitimate concern at one point, if it is extremely rare - but this horrible movie dates back. We meet 4 young students, playing matching Mazes and Monsters, socializing and having a little time away from worldly life. Except that M & M as it is presented is more boring than their mundane life. Nothing is presented here - and Jay Jay's request to lead M & M into the "real world" comes from nowhere. It's just an excuse to make one of the characters go crazy from nowhere - though at this moment we do not care. Jay Jay, Robbie, Kate and Daniel should be different, but they are all rich in WASPy who have problems that nobody really has. But things continue to worsen in many ways than one. The low budget comes very horribly clear (I like the "Entrance" sign and the cut of the cardboard in the forbidden caverns). Robbie / Pardu shows why he is not a warrior in the oafiest scene ever stabbing, and the win on the top of the "two towers" is unintentionally hilarious. Tom Hanks "gentle" Jay Jay, what am I doing here? "has made me laugh for a few minutes, definitely the low point of his career." Do not look at him like a cogent satire, just a piece of 80-year-old TV waste, and you'll have another good time. if you can stay awake, most of it is mostly boring, but it's worth it for Pardu's breakdown at the end. "At least Tom Hanks got better, not that he could go much worse than that.
