Style, but no substance. Not as fun as it should be. Not as deep as he wants to be. This is another kind of film about shooting difficulties. A young filmmaker is committed to completing a campy science fiction movie called Codename: Dragonfly. Think of Barbarella or Danger Diabolique. But Jeremy Davies is an angry director. It's not hack he's an artist. The film he wants to make is a diary of his life. Very original. All the characters outside director Jeremy Davies are as thin as rice paper. Characters that might be interesting, such as his father, doppelganger or Jason Schwarzmann as a hacker are introduced and then showed the door without adding a thing. This movie is full of candy eyes, but when compared to other films about film makers such as Stardust Memories or 8 1/2 pales compared. These movies are funny, challenging, with well-developed characters. These movies have lessons that apply outside of the movie wants to be comic and campy, but just derived and there is no funny scene. The directors describe it as a reference, but what is the satirical goal? The actors say it's a tribute, but I think I'd prefer a full version of Codename: Dragonfly. Coppola is clearly amused by setting, as is evident from the visual humor of SF in a movie. But he fails to share why we should be amused. Outside the SF movie is just a mess. There are errors of continuity, the director chooses a SF weapon after it has already been chosen. What the? Just because he has a scene the writer has for critics who complain about the lack of a story, the lack of a point, a scene in which he recognizes the naked intelligence, does not mean that he has addressed those criticisms. I believe that if your Roman Baby can spit on you to make a film about an idealist director who does not know what he wants to say and nothing can be said. In this sense, it could be considered autobiographical. I would look at Circuit City on a wall full of TVs if I had a choice. Watch the 15-minute Codename: Dragonfly movies included as extracts and then send them back.
