A few weeks ago, the German TV channel "SAT1" published this movie as "TV Event of the Year" - I'm sorry, but I have seen better things on TV this year. believed much of the movie, but I soon remembered two other terrible movies when I looked at commercials - Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture seemed so familiar: "the heroine" (if I can call it really) two "close" near them - Pearl Harbor, whoever? In fact, the love story is a version of the poor of the one in Pearl Harbor and one was already poor! But, as I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decided to see what garbage. The film begins with a doctor who left his family for a military strike against Russia near the end of the Third Reich, promising to his wife that he would return. Now, before the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war, and the allies and Russia captured the country, both trying to eliminate themselves for world power and their ideologies: capitalism versus communism. I think you already know the story because you need to know it - The film does not bother so much and literally takes a story about historical facts. The film tries to describe the American government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries in air transport, especially the UK, which was responsible for almost a quarter of the races, despite their country being bombed from a country they are trying to help her. What was quite annoying was the historical observations that people said in the film as when the hero's mother tells her daughter that Germany could be divided into two with an answer like: That's impossible! " Or when Stalin (where the director thought we were acting like a mosquito like that and he would look like him) says that Russia must prevent the spread of "Coca-Cola" in Germany. Yeah, if Stalin ever said that. Or is there an American pilot who tells his man a meat loaf and all that's possible in it - please! Burgers were invented before that time. In the movie, once you see a fairly fun aerial map, the map looks like it came from a laser printer - in '48. The American general, Lucius Clay, who had the main idea of ​​staying in Berlin, is portrayed as a guy who is raucous and courageous and all the ideas he has over time, for example, the air and the improvement of that idea came from Phillip Turner's fictional character, the main actress's interest that leads me to other aspects: There are not enough African-American soldiers in the movie, there were two in the whole movie! Also, relations between American soldiers and German civilians were not allowed and by revealing such a relationship the American soldier would have been sent home. I do not mean there is no relationship, but in this movie there was a couple who almost got married. If it was not the death of the pilot on his fake CGI plane, which seemed extraordinarily unrealistic, especially CGI If it was not enough, all the Americans in this film spoke German without accent, although they were only in Germany for several months - show that I am also Americans who live in Germany for my entire life and even have a little emphasis. Especially bad was the child who was acting - the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal robot-like a monotonous robot" and grin. boring from the beginning to the end, the love story that was the same as in Pearl Harbor was moving too slowly, with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the movie was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million on the second day after SAT1 received two consecutive wins in the global market share and a win in the group commercially relevant. But, as I always think: The biggest bulk of Bulgarians is the place where most flies are heading.
