First of all, I must mention that I really liked the previous movie "Samehada Otoko at Momojiri Onna" by ISHII Katsuhito ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although he owed a debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction", Ishii's distribution was directed to the story, and the whole movie cracked with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly interesting. There were actions, intrigue, bizarre characters, enough sex to keep things interesting, and a line of extremely unpredictable stories. So, with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism, I began to see "Party 7." And my enthusiasm was certainly overturned with the opening credits, which left my wife and I, in fact, amazed at how much Dynamic and exciting, the mix of anime and action-live action was brilliant! Then the real movie started In fact, it did not start as much as a kind of mixing in the side door and stay there, flying The whole movie takes place in three rooms, one of them is a paradise of the futuristic voyeur (borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agent's office, and the third (and the is a hotel room.In that room, a meeting of seven characters meets and ... does not do anything.Really, I'm not stranger to "talking" movies.One of my favorite all time is "Dinner Me with Andre ", the most stupid of all the movie "My dinner with Andre" is more interesting and she has only two middle-aged men who discuss their life at dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The distribution of "Party 7" literally revolves around each other for the whole movie. "No, no!" "Yes I do!" - No, not you! "Yes, I do!" "No, not really, not really!" Yes, even ... "you have hope, I hope the director had it." Party 7 is an incredibly unimportant movie. There are only the thinnest of parcels (the money stolen by Yakuza, as in "Skin Shark Man ..."), with almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. Characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishi took the conversational moments in Tarentino's film and built a whole movie around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their logic and inner spirit ("They call it" Royale with cheese ") .That's not the dialogue here, which is sweeter than you can imagine.If it was not a short, somewhat Dazzling from Gashuin (which is always wonderful) and a poor interpretation of the wonderful ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given Party 7 a single star. It was really a task to make it all the way through.
