Since I've seen the other three, I figured I could catch that for the fourth part of The Omen. As an independent film, this film is mediocre; but as a continuation of the 1976 masterpiece; is a transvestity. The film goes along the same route that many "come down when they lose their ideas, this is the idea of ​​changing male leadership to a woman." It is always obvious that this film was made for television because acting is very the plot has no ideas, and the murder scenes of the murder seen in the last three are kept to a bare minimum. The film keeps a thread with the original, which I will not reveal despite being obvious, that the revelation is one of the most The elements of the plot largely copy the original of Richard Donner and see a young couple adopt a child, which they call Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, fortunately) There is a big dog involved and a little child, and very soon, the wife begins to suspect that the baby can not be quite normal, as she menstruation at the age of eight, and never did not suffer from any disease ... the first two sequels Omen were not bad, and the series should end at three. I think money has been involved somewhere, because there is no artistic motive for this film. It does not bring anything to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing it will probably do is the annoying fans of the series. The film looks and feels like a television movie all along and, for the most part, plays as a movie about the troubled education of a young girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she is Antichrist because her eyes are redundant and most of the "evil" she is doing is ridiculous. Faye Grant gets the biggest role and does not impress; while the rest of the expressed regret agrees to stay in such a terrible time loss. The only good thing about this movie is the tone theme, which, of course, was extracted from the original; and is overused. Overall, this movie is not worth watching; because it does not offer anything about which the series is renowned or justifies a weaker second.
