and he did it. From my experience, when a horror film touches the status of "franchise," and then subsequent titles are released, all of them, in their turn, struggle with a single inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: Awakening makes no exception to this rule by presenting another little child who is supposed to embrace his role as Antichrist, predicted by a religious prophecy. Have not I seen this before? Was not it enough that, during three films before this launch, did we experience the growth and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror enthusiast like me, you will realize that a horror movie that has many sequels and tricks to lose credit to get rid of redundancy - Children of Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth title in a series. Regardless, there are moments when you sit back and realize how unscrupulous are some filmmakers. Omen IV: Awakening is just that - a shameless exercise to make money. This film offers nothing new or exciting for the Omen range. As unique and authentic as Omen IV tries to compare with his brothers, the similarities and devices of the plot are embarrassing. Elements such as the guard dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of those involved, the scene of the beheaded death (clearly a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass sheet) ... even to the father's involvement in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is customary to play a horror title in a horror title so far in a series, the act is out of the graphics, ridiculous and unintentionally humorous because of some of the weaker ones delivered in this movie. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in previous films has been replaced by an auditory disaster; an absolute joke and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used for this movie or simply pulled out of a sound stock "bank" ... that really says something, because rarely can comment abuse score - so far. Generally, I would call Omen IV: A Wake Up of a Failure. In the world of horror movies that have a long list of titles behind them, some can hit, and others do not. If you are interested in creating another note on your horror belt, such as I for finishing purposes, you could also carve it on this title - if not for entertainment value, then appreciate when a movie is executed right or wrong.
