*** SPOILERS *** As a double combination of Tinkers-to-Evers-Chance, we have in the "Omen IV" the evil seed of the deceased Antichrist Damien Thorn. Terroring his schoolmates' parents to his neighbors and finally the whole world, named Delia York, Asia Vieila. After being given a "meritorious" couple, Yorks Karen & Gene, Fay Grant and Michael Woods, to the Orphanage of St. Francis of the Catholic Church. Little Delia has never scattered to make peasants feel by scratching his mother at a homemade party. Later, Delia was almost killed by a fugitive truck, only to be saved by this "Devil Dog" named Ryder. Going to school, Delia deals with the local bully, letting the big man drown in front of all his colleagues. Later, when his father threatens Yorki with a legal suit, he has his head cut in a self-induced traffic accident! Delia is a person you never got tangled up with if you know what's good for you. Meanwhile, Dalia Gene's father becomes a big city man on his own, he thinks, by being elected to the congress as a champion of the crowd of fresh air and green trees, instead of letting smog and concrete boys take over the neighborhood is now staring at the White House itself! Does her child, Delia, the daughter and the stranger, have anything to do with Gene York's sudden fortune? Only later, when Jo, Ann Hearen, is engaged as a dancer of Delia as the truth comes out of strange and bad powers. A New Age guy realizes that Delia is a little weird after turning all white crystals into black and calling her new elderly Guru Noah Jim Byrnes to come and check her. Noah is so upset about what he sees in Delia Kirilian's color vibrations, all black and blue, with a little red pinch that turns him so bad that he almost collapsed in Delia's mother's car. on a trip to a psychic festival by Jo Delia transforms the whole event into an inferno that sets the scene through mental telepathy in the fire and urging all who run to cover, including Poor Noah who was at the festival and ended with his leg broken. The agitated and agitated guru was so agitated by the whole experience that he later left the country to become a hermit in the Tibetan wilderness. <br /> <br /> Yeah, she's later thrown out with a nice and familiar Ryder family from a window on the second floor to her death, because she knew and she was talking too much. When Karen is pregnant again, she finally decides to find the truth about Delia's true parents. Then she and us in public are confronted with the truth. Not only is the fearful Antichrist of revelations, but his twin sister! Her brother, Antichrist himself, is about to come on stage as his child brother, the unborn Alexander York York! Three times were more than enough for the Antichrist to return to the earth to bring Armageddon. The movie that was public was already tired of him and his bad adventures. A fourth, indeed, is not necessary, because Daimen Thorn, the original Antichrist, had been dead and buried for years. They were put through the usual ringer, no one thought little Delia was "Thee" AntiChrist until it was too late to stop her in her deadly rounds of destroying the entire human race. The film as bad as he is also too long, 97 minutes, for a horror shot that could have said his story is 80 minutes. Having a private eye Earl Knight, Mchael the Teacher, and later a former sister of the Catholic monks Yvonne, Megan Lehch, and now the healer of the faith, Felichy, in the film, just to be killed did not help the plot. He only prolonged the suffering of those who were watching the movie. You may see that the surprise ends almost as soon as the movie "Omen IV" began with the bases that were eliminated for eventual Delia takeover of the civilized and uncivilized world. What a little surprise was Delia doing it with a little help from friends.
