Omen IV: Awakening starts at St. Frances Orphanage ", where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) received a girl by sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) whom they adopted, called Delia. but as the years go by and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows, Karen gets sigh of her as death and disaster follows her, Karen is convinced she is bad, Karen then discovers she is pregnant but discovers a plot sinister to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and gets a shock when she finds out who Delia's real father was ... Originally, be directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard who gave up or was demoted and replaced by Jorge Montesi, who completed the film, though why he disturbed someone to guess as Omen IV: Awakening is absolutely terrible and ashamed when compared to his illustrating predecessors Brian Taggert's scenario is a hill I am not sure if this silly actually looks good like the word written on a piece of paper, but there are so many wrong things in what I find even hard to believe. Like a serious film Omen IV: AWakening crashes on his face and really works better if you look at him like a comedy spoof, I want to say the scene to the end when the detective comes face to face with a bunch of the singing zombie singer singing a threatening Gothic song must be seen to be believed and I thought he was absolutely hilarious and ridiculous to the same extent. Then there is the unnecessary difference between this film and other Omen movies, because this time is a young girl, the question I'm asking here is why? Really? Why? There is no reason, nor is it used at all for no effect. Then, of course, there is the stupid breath at the end that claims that Delia keeps her brother's embryo inside her and that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of worshipers Satan was implanted in Karen for her to be able to give birth Antichrist is moronic & it happens like a pure dizziness. At first, it has a certain amount of entertainment in how bad it is, but unintentional hilarity gives place to boredom rather than later. It's obviously impossible to know how much of Ommen IV: The awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything was not behind the room, because it's a rather inappropriate, inexpensive film that was actually made for television and shows with cinematic and gentle, flat and non-imaginative design. Then there is a total lack of scarecrows, atmosphere, tension and gore, which are the main elements that made previous Omen movies so effective. The budget must have been pretty low and the movie seems to be. The Best Stuffing of Omen IV: Awakening is the last blow in which the camera rises when Delia goes to reveal a crucifix cross made by two overlapping paths but this is the last shot before the end of the credits that say exactly about everything. I have to mention the music that seems terrible, better suited for a comedy and is very inappropriate. The action is fine at best, but as usual, the child is disturbing. Omen IV: Awakening is garbage, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and just ends up coming out like a fool. The director's change probably did not help her, yet it is not an excuse. The last Omen movie ever since the original Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and Final Conflict (1981), all of which are far superior.
