I recently decided to revise the Omen trilogy just to find that {insert the demonic music here} is a fourth. I did not expect too much, and in this sense, it certainly answered my expectations. If you are watching bad movies for a laugh, then this may be the movie for you. Where do we start? From the beginning, the aspect of "made for television" was obvious. Music was often inappropriately suited to what was happening in the film and therefore (at best) diverts attention. The script had all the suspense of an eight-year fiction. But one thing to be said is that the missed scenario was very appropriate to terrible acting. Many scenes allowed me to contemplate whether the script or act was the source of ridicule. The story itself is pretty thin, focusing on all the crazy noises of Damien Thorn's daughter, adopted through mistakes and evil qualities. There is the usual number of mysterious and complicated deaths that personally made me get involved as a "drama", and the usual third-party investigator in the whole business. Later, with some medical phenomena, Damien Thorn Jnr is born. And that almost shoots the plot. The whole thing is done quite badly from the beginning, with no suspense, making the movie a monotonous and / or ridiculous scene after another. <br /> <br /> There were many WTFs! and moments that provide relief to unintentional comedy. For example, what is the major overreaction at the beginning of the movie when the child scratches the mother's cheek? It's not at all a 360 degree mark. I also laughed at the over-reaction to baptism. The child is crying and everyone looks very worried. The unfortunate mother comes out of the church, and the priest is left in a very alarming search as she crosses herself. It is not like that? Then there is a new grandmother who seems to have a blank card, exposing an age of eight to all sorts of alternative spirits. I laughed when my grandfather suggested to bring Delia upset at a psychological fair to meet her grandparents' hippie friends, and her mother just raises her shoulder and lets her. "Yes, groovy, fill my eight-year-old daughter with all this mystic stuff. It's great, I do not have to be there." Of course, this would be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt a Rottweiler whom I meet on the street that could bite girls as a snack. The whole scene at the psychic fair is quite comical in a strange way, from the reacted views of the psyche to Delia, to the inferno that followed. I also laughed at the way in which the death of the monk is considered a "strange accident". Here we have a religious zealot (which is described as part of a cult), who preaches fanatically in a pit full of bells to prove how God's Glory will protect them. She contradicts the snakes by manipulating them and sometimes is bitten many times. A strange accident. More like a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The scene of snakes-vs-monastery was not the only comical death. There is a low speed car crash that leads to beheaded in a school car park. Then it's a slow-moving demolition ball, straight to the detective. I think I left and I made a coffee when the slow movement just came to see the demolition balls heading straight for the detective "in question." Then there is the typical cine-shot-who cliché heritage, where a weapon goes out and both act as if they were shot for a few seconds while shaking their eyes. Then somebody descends the stairs, revealing what the real victim is. In addition, the death of the priest at the beginning of the film seemed a little strange and meaningless. It runs around on the architecture of the church. Obviously, finding this quite disturbing, eventually collapsing, gathering his chest and dying. Apparently, something demonic happens, as the music suggests. Mmm. O.K. <br /> <br /> I am surprised that others have reviewed this favorable film and, in particular, as a "worthy continuation". It's hard not to notice the non-sensitive scenario, the unrealistic action, and the inappropriate musical note. The film has no suspense, relying heavily on Delia's "demonic vision" to give a sense of horror that becomes quite annoying after a short time. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This is a bad movie, with the only redemption feature being the unintended potential of being a comedy.
