Only the Antichrist could have been behind such a disaster. We just hope that this irony was the motivating force behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad that they forced me to register with IMDb, in the end, only to be able to destroy it. What makes this film so tragic is that it had such a MATERIAL source! I have never seen a movie in which all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre that they would make the result less than the sum of their parts. It may seem insignificant, but I'd like to start with the score. As a proud owner of a music diploma, I must register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and dry sweeps when I listened to what John Scheffer did to Goldsmith's shining score; was more frightening than any of the burlesque death scenes and almost as incomprehensible as comedic. It was by far the most inappropriate score I've heard since then, well, I really can not think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New Age mysticism ??? What has ever happened with the perennial realism of the original trilogy? In these films (more in the first two than the third but still!), The Supernatural was mostly involved, and this subtlety made the movies so credible. Here we have black crystals (calling all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and inverted crucifixes even though in some scenes the crucifux would be perfectly normal but for the angle of the room. Gone is a refined psychological manipulation that touches the state of harm inherent in our collective psyche: instead of a "weak front" of the recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add to this a lead "actress" so incredibly NOTICE that you greatly thank the director for those scenes that he is missing. I have never seen a girl so irritating, since little Stephanie has ruined ALL THE FAMILY. Otherwise, I do not have strong feelings on this topic ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are strong enough to make this lost cellulose wreck inconsistent or, at most, a study about how NOT to make a movie. Watching attention! May cause vomiting if you are lucky.
