After just 15 minutes in this film, I began to lose the older films of Zhang Yimou, who looked at China's politics and society from a single perspective. His turn to martial arts movies was a grave mistake in my humble opinion. The hero was the worst movie in Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complicated story that played more than found in a John Agar movie. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for a few years (and understands and can speak a Mandarin), I'm sure my opinion is different from many others because they come from a different environment. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and it's certainly not a wuxia piano movie. There is no sword and witchcraft or cavalry. This is a completely different vehicle from infinitely more visible films, such as a ghostly Chinese story (all 3), butterfly crimes, Green Snake, et al. While these charismatic leaders, who seemed to enjoy what they do, the SMMF has a gentle, sometimes ridiculous, dialogue combined with the cardboard. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person about Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority with this film that is really insulting. It takes so seriously, it becomes a huge joke to the end. All actors seem to be the most important piece of celluloid in history, destroy any chance of transmitting emotions, and its full of humor even makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou is making a movie in itself or simply a showcase an "ego booster") for Zhang Ziyi. The room literally faces her face and she gets sexually assaulted not once but twice in the movie. Its range of action has not expanded along its ability to play a "naive" mania. She's so focused on her acting, she's just as cold and lonely, as if reading her lines in a book of notes. It's so fun to hear American critics and filmmakers (like Quentin Tarantino completely clueless) call this movie a masterpiece. I think if I see a bunch of Asian actors on the screen that look very important while flying through a bamboo forest, they're deceived to think it's a genius cinema. Ching Siu Tung's chantograph, while still preserving style, editing and posts, does not have the vitality and originality of previous films such as "Chinese Love", "Dragon Inn" and "Duel to the Death." Unfortunately, the companies in this movie are really inscribed, and if there are thin / obvious works, you probably should not have shot it at high speed. The same is true for special effects that have a distinct B film. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown away), without considering logic, turning, mountaineering, and banking, as if it were a small pilot in it. I know that logic really does not really have a place in stylized Chinese martial arts, but if you do not want to induce a small amount of chicot from your audience, then you probably should work on your composition a little bit more. The mainstream melodrama, funny moments, the dull battle scenes, the really uninspired turnovers of the plot are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou no longer makes films for the Chinese audience. This is meant to crack in the West Market, just as CTHD did. After looking at Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he's definitely about to start. SMMF is, in principle, The Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought the hero was bad.
