Spoilers before, if you want to call them that ... <br /> <br /> I would recommend almost this movie just that people can really see a 1/10. Where to start, we'll start from the beginning ... STORY: Do not believe the premise - the movie has nothing to do with abandoned cars, and people finally understand what the mysterious happenings are. It's a draub, the basic, go to the cabin movie without any intensity or "effort." SCREENPLAY: Usually, I give credit to indie writers, it's hard to work when you start ... but this is shit. The story is flat - it leaves you with no excitement the whole movie. Dialogue is extremely weak and predictable to be praised by "Woah, you scared me completely" and "I was wondering if you ... if you want ... you come to the cabin with me?" It makes me want to, I want to take one step further and say that they have a really good one, and I want to take it one step further and say that they actually have one In fact, they begin to work on a parallel universe and almost begin to act back ... ACTORS: Worse than characters are the actors. They are already writing down poor characters and adding a drama terrible high school theater "It was scared of me entirely" was said so monotonous and slow - as if it was crushed I could cry for hours only for the actors TECHNIQUE: LIGHT: An eight year old will be disappointed by the light on this movie Too blurred in areas too bleached in others. to use light as an emotion until he learns how to properly illuminate a basic scene. Baby steps! SOUND: How many guys do they need to make a very sound movie? 9. With many guys sound this should sound amazing, but the exact opposite has taken place. There is a scene, in particular, that really extinguishes, these guys drive into a car and the sound of the car changes with every corner of the room .... SLAU! CHAMBER: Learn to use it. Anyway, I ended up complaining about space ..... to rent it - I dare to ... Hire it and learn from it ... give it a rating ... it's worth it. <br /> <br /> Subscribe to ... Amanda Christmas
