Some children are moving into the mountains and one of them enters a large tunnel and discovers an old mummified gladiator. He puts the gladiator's helmet and spends the rest of the movie killing all the other excursionists. This is just as meaningless, it is annoying. Here's a short list of things that make no sense: 1) A guy and a girl are in the tent and I think they heard something out there. The guy is going to investigate and find another excursionist out. Then he hears his girlfriend screaming that they turn back to the tent - coming the next morning?!? He was just 50 meters away! 2) These two durists then heard another girl yelling (What, 100 meters away?), But do not investigate because they fear they will be lost. <br /> <br /> 3) Another guy and girl walk around, and in about 10 of their scene together the girl informs the guy who, due to circumstances, the protocol no longer requires him to address they as a teacher. Meaning that ...? First of all, it is just a stupid thing to say, secondly, he never called his teacher in the first nine scenes where they were together. 4) An injured girl attacks Demonicus and he stops her, telling him that part of his gladiator's training has taught him to hurt without killing. Yes, I noticed she was hurt and that she was not dead because she was standing and walking. But, thank you for that information. 5) A girl is related to the wrath of Demonicus, and when someone tries to free her, she instructs him to go and help. Look, idiot, if he released you, which would take about five seconds, there's no need to help you. And he goes on and on. The whole middle part of the movie is spent with the two idiots wandering in the woods, then fighting, then setting up a tent and ignoring the shouts of their friends, then wandering around them. It's just so boring and useless that we've deactivated the DVD half way. <br /> <br /> None of these characters are sympathetic, especially those who get most of the time on the screen. Demonicus himself made me laugh out loud every time I saw him - it resembles a child in a Halloween costume, wrinkling his face to look bad. He runs, or I should say scampers around that he is gay. The special effects are comic, the act is mostly terrible and nothing makes any sense. In general, perhaps this concept could have produced a pleasant film if it put more time and effort in eliminating strange dialogue, creating characters with real personal personalities, having a kind of logic of action and maybe even transformation the Demonicus in a female character in a sexy gladiator suit. But we do not get this pile of meaningless nonsense that will lead you to death.
