OK, so we rented this clown movie like Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire, we did not expect much, but I loved the romantic approach of a serial killer movie. (at the back of the box is the following summary) "At first, it was just a joke - a myth surrounding the campfire - for five friends living in a remote cabin in the Texas forests. disappear one-one, replaced by spattered body parts, blood and voodoo effigies, the rest of the scandals for their life But he is there and he is sick and all he wants is blood ... So obviously from get-go not Do not understand: why do we start this clown in the forest? Why a clown? Why do they get their dolls on them with the word "food"? Why Why? Nearly nothing is answered in this 1 hour and 30 minutes. worn fest, unless this clown lives, the characters are foolish boys, foolish girls, and a bunch of anger, one especially a girl they brought from a restaurant on the road that they believed that she should help her, because she was assaulted by a guy he knew. What justifies this as an excuse to bring a girl into your circle of friends or in their cabin? She, of course, begins to plant herbs of jealousy, having men to have sex with her, feeding their awesome minds all they want to hear. Music was an average adventure of every horror movie without any difference). The actors seemed to be brought from a series of soaps in the way they complained and wept for everything. The idea that the main guy in the movie takes the girl in the cabin because their first encounter makes it horrible, but of course it's unrealistic to give him the first night to know him. There was no budget spent, apparently, but there was a clown costume and a lot of cheap dollars in a dollar that stood in the woods, which was a wonderful horrible place to shoot the entire movie (too many times ). We also expect the clown to jump into the house to kill the rest of the four characters of the movie (maybe through the glass), but nothing exciting ever came into the movie. I think you should have liked the clown as a killer or something. I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting concern (the clown as the Texas massacre) I give it a star because it acts seriously until the movie could have been a B-style movie, but opted for the more stylish legitimate of the video. But, eventually, I probably would have felt to rent the Killer Klowns movie on Mars again before I went back to check it out. Ah, but that art covers ... wonderful drawing.
