Lucky to me! I have an angry peak at this funny Texas entertainment move from Artisan Entertainment a week before hitting the video shelves and let me tell you ... I rarely laughed so much in my life, I saw this atrocious megabomb fly off the rails and steal the title of "the worst killer movie ever made" from the futile full-blown Full Moon KILLJOY (I'm sure many of us horror fans have suffered through this!) Of all the indications, he was shot on DV, and he did not "show" all the bad quality of digital, but the boy never fails miserably in any other area he counts! The story (easy and cliche as it is) goes as follows ... An executive (Ken Hebert, who also co-produced with the director) takes a skeptical collaboration Tracy (Amanda Watson) and a married couple with Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris Buck) over a weekend break in an isolated (twisted) cabin 12 miles from the nearest town. On the way, they take a shave (Melissa Bale) in a bar and end up at a destination where a night fire story about a killer clown that crosses the same forested area becomes reality when each of the most profane, friends can smokin "disappears one by one, only with the parts of the doll muscles left behind to tell the story of their fate. The killer clown does not even appear in the film all the way, and does not look anything like its demonic image on the video box (besides He is normally morbid.) Normally, he spends an hour around the woods, cutting wood and stinking the nursery rhymes, I can not say enough of the bad stuff about distribution, especially the two guys and hitchhikers who either give their insipid dialogue a minimal excitement or madness in the most inappropriate moments. It does not really help that the script is complete and completely devoid of suspense, originality, intelligence general consistency or humor I could go for a few days about how foolish this film is, how many errors of continuity exist and how amateur the whole production is, but I urge you to show that the whole package is a true riot in that Boy-This-Sucks kind of way. Also, noting that the movie was released here in the US as SICK (INSANE CLOWN KILLER). Currently it is cataloged under its original title GRIM WEEKEND. <br /> <br /> Score: 1 out of 10
