How do I start reviewing a movie that will soon be recognized as "the worst film of all time" by "the worst director of all time"? A movie that could develop a cult because it's "so bad that it's okay?" An analytical approach to critical film seems both unnecessary and a part of the syndrome band-wagon - to fight freely without worrying about the reaction that all other people on earth do, and people who likes film like this for the defects we had quoted. The poor quality of the film is self-evident - "Sixteen years of alcohol" is not without competition for the title of worst movie, so we have to sink low enough to acquire title and to keep it, but I think this film could go away. IMDb does not allow enough words to quote all the failures of the films and is much easier to locate items "Sixteen years of alcohol". Unfortunately, those moments of glory are so buried in the shadow of this poverty of this film that this is a task not worth pursuing. My impressions? I thought I knew what I encounter, I was warned to drink several cups of coffee before sitting down to watch it (wish suggestion or cups Vodka). Despite my expectations low, "Sixteen years of alcohol" failed to entertain me even at a level of "fun bad movie." Not only bad, but badly as though Jobson deliberately tried to make this film a poetic marriage, but it went into excess and garnered poetry on our neck, making it not profound but funny. .. and is it supposed that Jobson has sincerely tried to make a good movie? Even after watching the "Sixteen Years of Alcohol" promotional literature, I'm having trouble believing Jobson's sincerity. Unnecessary and unpleasant to the end, with a few moments of smile / chicot (I'm sure none of them intended), led the film, and these few elements prevented me from disabling the DVD. Is that so bad? Not. She just had enough "I can not believe it's a serious moment of film," not to stop it, and nothing more. Surely a movie to watch with a group of bad movie connoisseurs. Get your own commentary in progress. That would have greatly improved my experience. So bad is that Mike Myers commented in his Scottish accent on him as he runs, to turn this whole piece of sludge into a comic joke "Okay, dare me, send me a joke annual gave the wiskey ".
