I feel like I had, the cone is on, not falling for it. After reading brilliant reviews (the director has been a movie reviewer with Sky for years, so he has to have a lot of colleagues in the press ready to make a favor by writing favorable reviews) I was expecting solid action, atmosphere, suspense, strong characterization, parcel development and poetic moments. Unfortunately, "Sixteen Years of Alcohol" does not respect the promise of critics, for the most part, sacrificing these qualities instead of special effects with a low budget (what was that clichéd stage flag for that?), Unrealistic battle choreography and Seventy Years of Alcohol "starts interesting with some beautiful photos of the location in Scotland, but it's right down here. Unfortunately, instead of spending some time to build the atmosphere, create characters that might interest us or to build suspense - the director chooses to start coughing in a stingy voice. Driving characters are so unimpressive and they are so badly acting - the audience does not care what's going on with them, the desperate actors do desperate things ... like this movie! "To make things worse," homage "(typical of a director who is trying to pay the fees for the past masters) is either abso The soundtrack is the only thing that picked me up and kept me in the cinema, but even that did not succeed in supporting the dramatic story, another that unites a period of time with the action. For some reasons, the movie has become increasingly erroneous and I'm really annoying. I just looked at everything I wanted! I think I liked the attempt to achieve realism in the film, but even that was destroyed when they were often intertwined with strange and abstract scenes, sometimes unnecessary. You do not need a huge budget to make the movie really moving, so much was told about how little money they had to make this movie, half a million is not a bit of money ... So, no EXCUSES! Sometimes I wonder what actors ... Or their agents were thinking! Go to this turkey if you are not masochist or mindless anyway .... NOT MY THING 1.5 / 10
