Users who rated this movie so simply could not have seen enough good movies to compare it. Was they all brainwashed? I rarely felt so disappointed with a movie, and some of them must be attributed to the ridiculous hype surrounding this movie. From the beginning, BU is just a hunting movie. We take him to the end of a pursuit and go directly to another. And another. And another. And another. Do you see a pattern that appears? There is practically no time "scattered" on stage, character development or dull reality. If you have not seen the other two Bourne movies, you are quite lost. If you have - I just wish you lost - somewhere away from a cinema. Paul Greengrass's disgusting style worked exceptionally well at United 93, which was an overwhelming sense of despair, but Bourne and his endless problems only have the effect of removing the audience from engaging with the character. He runs. Salt. He's hitting. He gets blown. He cleans high buildings. Yada yada yada. Above all, he SURVIVES. He survives as a surviving plastic man of action, which makes only the ridiculous waterfalls that he pulls so weaker and devoid of any tension. So he runs a building? So what? He will survive. Yawn. There's a girl in the mix because Bourne's love died in an earlier incarnation, but she's just decor. I saw more depth of characters and a quick dialogue in Captain Scarlet's episodes. Bourne's way of literal self-discovery is boring and informal and does not tell us anything of what we do not know of the first film. He was turned into a killing machine. Great work. He finds his true identity. So what? It has no emotional resonance when it comes to it. The end of the "twist" is telegraph and weak. Oh my dear, the more I think about this movie the more I hate it! I've already reduced my score to 4 when writing this comment! I'm doing better now before the slide continues. I like a good action action and I like a good thriller. Bourne Ultimatum is neither. It's a serious series of boring editions, ridiculous sound effects, and cartoon violence. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​"showing the way" to the Bond franchise is total stupidity. Casino Royale throws her out of the water.
