I could not believe that this film dates back to 2007, it has all looked at a horror movement for over seventy years. Do they have any knowledge of the modern special effects or CGI?!? Did they not know that, in the postmillennium, violence in a supposed horror film and / or scifi should be at least a bit of graphics? Or was my goal misconceived, should it have been a deep and meaningful story of man and animals tied together in the great cycle of life, or a warning for humanity not to indulge in Nature or something like that? It does not matter at all, however it turned out to be wrong and for me this movie has failed in all accounts. Firstly, the premise is very unlikely. If at some point you are able to replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist would start the first human trial with both eyes at the same time, that's totally unprofessional. And to do all this, apparently without the informed consent of the patient ?! And why do we choose the eyes that have a totally unusual color for people and make the victim look strange? By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had normal black eyes, such as puppies, could not have expected such a specimen? The story is tortuous, it's about this poor guy, Aaron, who gets these strange eye transplants, that makes him suddenly feel like the donor wolf (or at least, that's what I'm doing) and then he's pursued by some soldiers. Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine the soldiers with a vision of sight!), But because the surgery fails because of the apparent defect of the patient, it is beyond me why they "go out to kill him. why not let him alone and look for another recipient? (a volunteer soldier can?) And why try to kill all the others who are involved in the poor Aaron is not a little abrupt? are these soldiers, I hope not the American army or the government, act like psychopaths, walking around the hospital, waving automatic weapons, attacking private apartments like some public enemies # 1 and showing during the last show in the forest a total lack of discipline, like a bunch of scared students, panic and random shots around. Aaron, for a medical reason of unimaginable, feels like a wolf after transpla Why would that be? "He suddenly sees visions of wandering wolves. What is this? Should we think that the memories of the donor wolf are in his eyeballs? And the recipient of these eyeballs also adopts the desire of the red-life wolf and can leap from a 30-meter-high balcony and land all four as a cat (maybe even a wolf)! The actor (or his lack) has not contributed to the credibility of anyone: anyone who shoots through lines such as wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, may be beautiful, but she can only come up with voxed expressions and mumble mumbles about the force of Nature, and I'm afraid why Aaron is suddenly everywhere (but there must have been at least one scene of love!). I felt very much with actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a nice guy with pretty pretty face but did not give him much to do. He has to run naked for more than half of the film, which could have been fun to look at, but then he would have had to choose someone with a more impressive physique, Monteith should leave his shirt. His murder and his attacks are few, only a few cries and shouts of fear, and then another victim and Aaron with more blood on his face and chest. Not too much for a modern science horror! The only good action came from Justine Bateman and I really like to see her mature in a beautiful and elegant lady forty years. She did what she could with her foolish lines, and even convinced me to be a doctor with good intentions, but they made a character a kind of sting, wholly revolted by the leader of these soldiers. What a shame that the script did not make him stand up anymore! Ultimately, this amount is a foolish and pretty boring movie, almost impossible to scary or thrilling, with incredible steps, a lot of national Geographic images similar to those of wolves running around the forests and slopes (who cares ?!), some pretentious Indian indie about Man and Nature and an uneven musical score with mac songs in the most inappropriate moments. I think the word "useless" covers everything.
