The hybrid begins as a water guard Aaron Scates Guard (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, scientist brilliant Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), working for Olaris, developed an organ transplant operation from one species to another, Hewitt arguing that Aaron would be perfect for her first experiment human. Hewitt and her team transfigured the eyes of a wolf in Aaron and miraculously regained the sight. Good good? Well, not even when Aaron starts to become mad as he sees random wolf images and begins to develop a lust for blood. Aaron escapes the Olaris building and goes on the run, but it is too valuable to let go and a large-scale search is set to capture it ... The Yelena Lanskaya Direction is another Sci-Fi Channel that is pretty pure and simply put terrible in any way possible, I think probably started life as a "Creature Feature" right, but it has become one of the most boring & boring Sci-Fi Channel movies we have seen that "Not even there a kind of monster or creature.The hybrid is terrible, the scenario is terrible and I'm not sure who to call in. The initial set-up is fine with Aaron getting Wolf's eyes, but then the hybrid stifles sci-fi elements and gets a way of horrible drama because it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state, while wondering not to do anything especially with a native American woman. Yeah, do not you think the Sci-Fi Channel could it make a movie about wolves and could put a bunch of trash about native american mythology there? The character's dynamics are bizarre, Aaron is shown as a persecuted hero, but he is the only person who killed someone in the film and is a rather incomprehensible, unrecognizable and annoying person, while Dr. Hewitt is shown as an evil scientist, still give Aaron his gaze and try to help him. I mean, Aaron is giving back his gift, but Hewitt is the bastard? Also, there is the normal diskette of the Sci-Fi Channel of US military intervention, the problem is why they want so bad Aaron? He is not a soldier and, while he has the eyes of the Wolfs, to help him see in the dark, he is totally unimaginable. The script can not worry if everything is in Aaron's mind or it's true, the end is hilarious with half empty (this remembrance was done for television) Aaron running through a forest with a pack of wolves put on some horrible music I think is supposed to be emotional, but it makes it even more fun. There are so many things wrong with the Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's practically no action, there's Werewolves and the movie goes in circles, trying to get into Aaron's mind though it's just as ridiculous, stupid and boring you will be interested in one bit and there is no explanation as to why, despite the fact that only wolves transplanted eyes Aaron begins to develop other Wolf senses. As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, I have had a major surgery on my right eye and I can guarantee that after surgery your eye would have swollen, you could not open it and it would hurt like hell despite eye transplants As soon as Aaron wakes up in his bed his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood or gorilla or violence and nothing to excite you. Actually, now I'm thinking about this, there is nothing even distant horror or sci-fi feeling about it, it feels like a blunt film of the week. Filmed in Manitoba, in Canada the movie looks OK, but it's gentle & forgotten. The actress is poor from all those involved, none of whom I have seen before, and I never hope. Hybrid is a terrible movie that is clearly marketed as a Werewolve 'Creature Feature' feature, but it is far from it and the biggest people will really strive to reach the dreadful end that will probably have you in the stitches .
