The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transport animals' eyes and optical nerves into other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded by saving a colleague at work - the scientist receives a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate for being the first human recipient. The recipient begins to become more and more like the wolf, but the effect is nothing but "weird eyes" and running at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) Budget is too low, dialogue too stomach (I laughed out loud at some of the ridiculous talks) and driving too ineffective. Long portions of the film are nothing more than a dreamlike appearance, brilliant music, and wild-wolf clips. How long, even 90 minutes, boring and thoughtless. The army wants to use eye transplants to give the wounded soldiers back and probably want to militarize the technology. There is a subtle about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while the heavy music on drums and Indian sounds are heard - crazy, man! Love happens immediately after a terrible crime - who has edited this turkey? A crude "man of drugs" that throws the plaque seems to do little, except for the addition of the atmosphere. Here are two ridiculous scenes. A lab laborer goes to the animation room to discover that the monkeys have been pulled out of the cages. She scares, looks to the left at monkeys, turns to the right, turns left, turns right, turns to the left ... this is happening for a while (who did this?). REDE THE LAMB OF LAMB! It was so bad I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escapes a window when he reaches the strong army - leaves the open window, the military boys go to the open window, look out the window, say "looks like he was here" and go! He's out of the open window, boys! Crazy. Near the end of the movie, the military boys were firing handguns back to the trees, when there was obviously nothing - easier to place the shields that I suppose. They have six machine guns that cut trees, but they decide to fight with a knife! Shoot the guy! Who wrote this garbage? There is an unnecessary confrontation at the end and believe me that I do not hurt you anything - there is not enough plot to spoil you. I think everything was a tax exemption or an emergency activity to make use of the unused state money left from a better film.
