I do not understand people. Why is this movie receiving a 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had great hopes for this film, but once I was around for half an hour, I just wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this site, people say this is one of the best action movies they've seen (or summer, year, etc.). They say it is an excellent conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has happened (in addition to the fact that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else he meets)? What do you learn about Bourne's character in this movie ????????? Absolute f ****** nothing !!!!!!! Okay, there's a lot of action, but what's so great about the action in this movie? I do not like cinema and movie editing. The effect of the seductive camera and the shifting pictures have been used too much and they are getting old quickly (I did not like the supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in excess) and they made me dizzy. I quickly wanted to save my money for something else. This movie has no plot. This whole movie is a watch of 115 minutes seen. Bourne, who learns absolutely nothing about the 115 minutes of the film, is a perfectionist in everything he's trying. There is absolutely no character development in this movie, you know nothing about anyone and there is a wide range of new characters that are introduced into this installment. Some people have said that this movie has incredible writing and suspense. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What does ???? What suspense ??? There is no suspense. Bourne is so perfect in doing everything he does, I do not think he has to worry about. If this is the best movie of 2007, I can quit watching movies entirely !!!! Many people also said that Matt Damon's performance in this movie is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. What performance? How many lines did you have in this movie ??? I have some respect for Damon because he was in films I liked and played different types of characters, but a good actor is someone you can hardly recognize from one movie to another, someone who chooses different types roles. Not someone who plays the same roles again and again (what Damon does not do, but an example of someone who is Vin Diesel). Anyway, this movie was a great disappointment for me. I do not recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and I strongly recommend that we read the three books (which are very different from the movies).
