This lower-class universal cooler has just been announced as a future DVD but, as part of a similar collection of movies I already owned, I decided to buy it from other channels instead of I'm waiting for legitimate release. Which is just as good, because the end result was not particularly special (if it's atmospheric to that): For beginners, the plot is pretty weak? even if he somehow anticipates THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) from Vincent Price, though he has no taste. What we have here, in fact, is a penniless sculptor (Martin Kosleck)? which we really see by dividing the brown cheese plate with his pet cat! ?? who, after being at the end of the art crisis, Alan Napier's vitriolic pen, once too much, decides to finish everything by tossing it into the nearby river. However, contemplating only that action, he is anticipated by Rondo Hatton's murderer named "The Creeper," and naturally saves the life of the poor with the intention of making the latter do all the dirty work for him in gratitude! Although supposedly in the art circles of New York, all we really see is Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Lowery (who continues to paint the same woman statuette Joan Shawlee again in banal pose?) Who, Conveniently, he is engaged in a Napier's rival art critic (Virginia Gray)! No longer, the latter is discovered with the broken spine and Lowery suspected; but then Detective Bill Goodwin's investigation has a brilliant idea to hire another critic to publish an unbearable review of Lowery's work (I did not know that the drafts were revised!) to measure how violent his reaction would be! Meanwhile, Kosleck is mistaken to think that he is creating his masterpiece, sculpting Hatton's unambiguous angle? and recognized? a vision that, unnecessarily, draws attention to constantly visiting Gray (we are led to believe that it lacks the material for her weekly column) - much more than that amazing of both the artist and the model. True, although The Creeper is fully aware of how Gray looks (due to his above mentioned haunting of Kosleck Flea-Bite paddle), he bumps off Shawle? who until then became Goodwin's girl! ?? in Lowery's apartment and who heard Kosleck speaking (you guessed it) Gray about his intention to throw him like the autumn guy for the police sends the giant giant slowly from his deep end - even until his destruction is now completed the stone image. Quite curious, though this was Hatton's penultimate film, his name in credits is preceded by the "introductory" epithet!
