How is it often proven that the sheep-like the movie that goes public? As soon as some critics say something new is good (that is, "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the bandwagon as if it were lacking in independent thinking. It was not a good movie, it was a terrible movie. 1) Plot? - What plot? Bourne was pursued here from the beginning to the end. That's the plot. Do not look for anything deeper than that. 2) Cinematography? - Give me a favor! Every seven years armed with an old and confusing 8 mm film camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is a amateur amateur work force tournament. The ridiculous EVERY scene (I really mean every) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Credible? - Yes, of course. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I liked scenes about the fact that Bourne was being watched by local police through Tangier's shopping streets. - I was in Tangier. Even guides can not navigate their streets, but Bourne shook 100 cops with speed and finesse. Greengrass must laugh at the wizards of filmmakers. 4) Edit? - I do not know what the publisher was when he made this movie, but I want it too! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt heavy at the end of the film from the stroboscope effect of the intersecting "scene." 5) Targeting? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film seems to have NO direction. One more case of Greengrass threw a copy of the script (all two pages) to the cameramen and told him to "shoot some scenes while they were drinking." - "Do not worry the boys, we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room." The editor should be shaken, perturbed, and put in stock to allow this monstrosity to hit the silver screen. 6) Not one, but two, high-level CIA operations, offering the female treatment offered to the lost and incomprehensible Jason Bourne. - Put his life on the line for someone he could not even be sure he was not a traitor. He talks about the stupid nincompoops. (While members of the CIA's male evil act to put an end to any operative that equally paints a paper holder on the floor). (well, all people are bad, are not they?) - Except SNAGS, of course). Yes, this is indeed a modern and politically correct film that shows that females are the heroes of the day and that oppressive men represent the real threat to humanity. 7) When those who know what you hit your fan, good triumphs over evil (as is always the case, eh?) And the assassin who will meet Jason Bourne - suddenly suffers a guilty journey and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yes - right ...) - at that moment, the deputy director is going to appear - the gun in his hand and he pulls the trigger. - How was this 60-year-old man running so fast and not even blowing? Wonders Will Never End 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing, and revengers are brought to court. Well, we can not have political officers, politically incorrect, CIA operations running on the shot, right? How delightful it is to see a true life for P.C. Noughties movie. - Bourne Ultimatum is a total garbage.
