The number of bullets in this episode was greater than the first 9. They do not respect their own rules about spirits where the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. He pulled out a second body. This body, and Dean, drops about 20 yards from Sam, but then they're right with Sam. The lanterns go to an unassigned shelter at night, and we can see everything. It's night, but light passes through the windows. A ghost who died in the 1960s makes mobile phones? Come on! There's no way Sam can make a psychiatrist see him the same day he's dating, and the doctor talks to Sam as if he were not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits who were still hiding and doing nothing to help them. This does not seem to be what Winchester boys will do. Oh, and after she crawls on a dirty filler mattress and around an ugly asylum, the makeup and the hair of the girls is perfect and it's not a murmur on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had problems, the premise was good and several times I was not dragged but angry when Dean was reading the Elicots diary. I only knew that such a personal object for the phantom would attribute it to the person who violates holiness. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps it is a blame for an object or place so important (such as Elicot's office) should draw the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they separate, I want to yell ... "so you die Always stay together and watch the others back but they did not listen to me: o The Spirit of the Helicopter and his special ability was a very pleasant touch. hour, but I want Elicot's horror to catch one of his victims and use the anticipation of torture to crawl on us. Especially because of the lightning bolts I gave a 4. The sudden darkness or flicker of the whole lighting of the scene in The lighter that comes in or the refreshing flashlight and instantly a spirit is in front of them is shocking.I understand the directors want to see the scene, but then we make an obvious mention or link in that the Elicot touchs an electrical outlet and lights turn on. The characters respond to the fact that a powerless asylum has single-room lights. they were in the electric arc, just like the power of Elicot's finger. <br /> <br /> Really, MCG could have done better.
