... at least in the first half of the year. If it had begun with the three friends in the navy and concentrated on the naval action scenes, it would have been a much better and closer film. The second half of the film deserves, especially for sequences of action and photographs close to the ships of the early twentieth century, but it is like a boring teeth pain that gets there. Also, do not watch this movie just because Ginger Rogers is in it. It has an important role, but it's a small one. The film begins to show three New York friends working in tourist trade, and also a good-natured competition for Sally's (Ginger Rogers), a candy-seller singing on the boulevard. World War I bursts, the three friends seem completely indifferent to the fight, but engage in flames anyway. One of the three with the smallest way to be civil (Bill Boyd as Baltimore) gave birth to the commanding officer of the other two (Robert Armstrong as Dutch and James Gleason as Skeets). To make things more complex, Sally fell in love with one of the three, but she did not have the chance to tell her before the three went to war. The film is a bit more interesting on board, mainly due to the close pictures we have on the ship itself and also because the chemistry of the three friends is credible. However, James Gleason at the age of 49 has a bit of a long tooth to be dirty, especially when the sign at the enrollment office said you must be between 17 and 35 to be eligible . an obvious flaw in the movie that made me think that everything outside the naval scenes was slapped along with minimal attention is the design of the costumes, or, I should say, its lack. In the New York scenes, even before World War I, we have everyone dressed in fashion since 1931, and everyone driving the cars since 1931 - no effort has been made to bring this film into the period. In conclusion, if you follow some Ginger Rogers scenarios in them and the last 45 minutes involving the naval suicide mission, you've seen everything worth seeing here. The rest is the stuffing.
