A woman asks for advice on the way to reach a mysterious city and hears two brutal stories from the weird local, both related to the zombie. But maybe fate has something unpleasant in the store and for her ... Zombie Chronicles is absolutely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. In fact, I have to confess, so bad it was that I quickly passed through most of the garbage. And it was a lot of that, believe me. It only runs 69 minutes, and there are tons of stuffing. You have a skinhead that makes a lot of push, a bunch of boring stern scenes among the naked teenagers (that rhymed, tee hee) and some nice examples of why some people should never become actors. for the title characters, barely have a footnote in the movie. Why, you will get more action undead in the intro than you do the previous feature! However, considering how pathetic the eyes are from the plugs and consuming brain sequences (among other things, "delights"), perhaps it is a disguised blessing. And at first, everything seems like I liked being filmed on someone's cell phone for broadcast on Youtube. The things with the camera, the scratches on the printer, the bright lights ... I had to rub my eyes when I realized that it was made in 2001 and not in 1971. Even the clothes and the appearance portrayed along three decades,> <br /> If you think I'm not qualified to review the Chronicles who did not see the whole movie, then move on. Try to stay by it, please do not even get to the first appearance of the blue and blue oddities before you apologize and leave. It's really ridiculous that someone chose to release her, and, frankly, it'll be a lot more fun to rest your drink than torture the DVD player with this gigglesome excuse for horror. In fact, it was not surprising if he packed his bags and leaves in the morning, letting you watch the VHS tapes for the rest of your life. You have been warned ... 0/10 <br /> <br /> P.S what kind of horror the 18-year-old woman has to keep a massive sporting bra during the mandatory sex scene ?! You see, the movie can not even get that part ...
