Houseboat Horror is an excellent title for this movie. It's absolute on the spot and therefore the only aspect of the movie for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are home boats, there is horror, there is even horror that happens on the house. But if there ever was a slogan for the poster of the movie, it would definitely be "something strange that way ..." for Houseboat Horror is slightly the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen, we're talking about one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen and a pretty good shot at shooting in general. The good news is that it is so frightening that it sails directly through the viewer's contempt area into the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity. It's worth looking at * because it's terribly terrible. The "worst" category does not come from the story, for the simple reason that there really is one: a record producer, a film crew and a rock band heading for Lake Infinity, a miraculous place, a scenic rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (in fact Lake Eildon) to shoot a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there, and perhaps in an attempt to make a favor a public, they start to pick them up one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mystification is how long it takes survivors to notice this on the surface, it seems to be a very good blaster for film B. You have had extremely annoying young people, old intolerant, frightening locals (one of them, one an escort of gas stations, would easily win a beating competition) and face it, my description of the killer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but only if the values ​​of acting and production were almost as good as the comparative masterpiece that was Friday Part XIII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both of these things. But, in the end, this only does what you make so ridiculous and funny. Fans of a "Late Show" member and "Take That" for a moment, Tony Martin will already be aware of some of the real stones of dialogue ("Check your point ... you'll beat!"), In while the song accompanies the musical video is so bad that it has to be heard to be believed - I can not wonder if writer / director Ollie Wood hopes it will actually become a hit. The element of horror is comparable, I think in the B-slashers of the genre and especially of the period, but there were times when I could not imagine someone biting in an off-screen hamburger and seeing a volley of tomato sauce sprinkled on the wall on screen. Indeed, if you listened to Tony Martin recommending this movie as a hilarious chaos like me, I do not think you will be disappointed. Anyone in the "so bad-is-good" horror should not get the chance. Whether you face it or not, is another problem. If, on the other hand, you are looking for authentic Australian genre excellence, get yourself a copy of the incomparable "Long Weekend" and do not look back.
