Watching a video resume of about 8 different 1994-1997 Spider-Man cartoon made me realize why I could not stomach when it first came out. I'm from the old school, where the 1967 spider-man cartoon was the best and still remains the best. (I will not get into the psychedelic version that is terrible - give me traditional villains please.) Act in the new things is stupid, read a sheet with no feeling or overcrowding. Paul Soles, where are you now? This guy was the best Spider-man voice. Nobody's approaching. Watching Secret Wars, a wonderful idea for a mini-series of cartoons, made me wander. Dr. Doom sounds like a comedy version of Bela Lugosi. In a scene with Red Skull and Doc Ock, Red Skull has no German accent while Ock is hard Russian! The old Marvel comic series of 1966 had much better acting in the voice. Iron Man sounds like he was wearing an iron mask, the American captain sounded authoritarian, not like a teenage kid. Paul Frees as a thing in the 60's was the best thing ever. The old voice actors were pioneers and there will be no more like them. Did you ever hear the son of Mel Blanc? No way his father can replicate. The animation is unclear. Okay, so they have all the fantastic shadows and beautiful painted stories. Sometimes you can say more with less movement if the movement is more sorry. Sometimes when you let the computer take over the movements, they become robotic. I really do not think any of these animators know what they are. <br /> <br /> Stories are badly written, and some of the lines they give to the heroes are horrible. Why, for example, when heroes combine for the first time, they begin to struggle with each other? In the secret wars, it was an excuse for the blade that disagreed. I can see if the hero was dark, unknown and mysterious - like the Punisher, but why the iron and iron man can not keep his fears with each other is ridiculous, then the Torch joins. This is just another one from the late comic that tends to make the heroes uncover one by one for a few seconds because "everyone" wants to see those things. Give them a better reason to fight and maybe it can be eliminated, but "What are you doing here" and "Do not tell me what to do" are the reasons LAME. Another important written scene is in The Wedding, where Harry Osborne froze to spoil Peter's wedding. The whole scenario was terrible. Last but not least, this is what another critic calls juvenile violence - it does not mean a blow. In secret wars, the lizard carefully took Thing's load. But Thing hits bad guys along a whole block of comics. He must simply go back to picking up heavy things and submitting a bad guy by catching him in caricatures. Of course, these cartoons were not made strictly for new adults, but for children under 12. That's why they can not beat, because Mom and Dad do not believe in this kind of violence. But you can throw things up in the air, these cartoons will include that. As a child before political correctness came to life, I saw cartoons. What's wrong with an elbow kick? Is there really less violence in the world today, because those new and filthy cartoons have pulled the fist? I think this is the most insulting of all when looking at new things. They wrote "the fist", because we could hurt ourselves. Kids, enjoy these cartoons all you want, I've seen enough. <br /> <br /> 3/10 evaluation
