Interestingly, all those who seemed to like this movie until now had no expectations - I think it's a trick. In contrast, we had optimistic expectations, and that was a mistake. As soon as I saw how close to the room's faces she was always, I knew we were in the hands of a highly amateur director-that's always a clear sign of them, they think it's artistic, effective or intense to keep the camera at about two centimeters away from actors. The actors in this film, however, had one facial expression each. <br /> <br /> If the nearby camera was not enough, the lack of light in the film killed her. The film seemed entirely filmed in the dark. So now we know the cinema was an amateur amateur. "Ooh ooh, we'll light the set with a flashlight! That'll make everything look intimate!" No, that made everything look invisible. Besides serious technical defects, there was absolutely no story beyond the best suggestion of an idea that has never been developed, and nothing new about this type of relationship has been enlightened. (Maybe this is a new film for Germany, but in Los Angeles, forget about it.) The fact that this film won several awards for film festivals does not indicate the quality of the film, but it improves the quality of these particular festivals. I can assure you that this movie will not win anything at the festival where I saw it. In fact, twice during the movie, it seemed that it was over and people started to get up (this was one of the secondary effects of the "darkness" technique of the cinema). But when the movie shuddered, there were suspicions from the audience. And, once the movie finally ended, it was clear that it would not have been important if it had ended at one of the previous two points. An earlier end would have saved the audience from still more monotonous scenes of domesticity (folding sheets, cutting vegetables, spreading honey on bread). Yeah, we've gotten, the lonely old man's life was boring ... but we thought one from the beginning. I recommend that audiences miss this, has nothing to offer sophisticated drivers.
