When When A Stranger Calls remake came out, obviously I'm interested in watching the original. Then, when I read about the original (which I remember that my sisters were completely scared today), I saw that the real money is on Black Christmas, which probably knocks everyone at punch "the caller is indoors". So I Netflix that, and I have been at the top of my list for months, thanks to her "very long expectation." All the while I become more and more keen to see! Then one day, out of blue, it finally arrives! ... And it's total blood. Sure, maybe I had high expectations, but I do not think she would have won more if she saw her fresh. The thing is, it's a Christmas in a Canadian college town, and this sorority has a party. We see some killer-POV flames as they climb up this land and sneak into the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then we introduced our characters - Olivia Hussey as jes, whiny, Canadian accent Jess. Margot Kidder as the annoying, aggressive and aggressive barbarian, Barb. It's so annoying, even if her mother invites her to the Christmas celebrations. There is also this irritating clone Janis Ian ("Phil") and this alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, seen by sipping from the various drink bottles she scattered throughout the house. We also meet Peter's boyfriend Peter played by Keir Dullea in 2001, and Bunny's Lake is faint, though halfway through the movie I still wonder: "Which one is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> It seems that the house received obscene calls, but this was before the email, so they could not ask him to send a photo. Then ... do you know how these dry plastic cleaning bags are not a toy? One of the sisters finds out this one of the hard way. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 photos of the plastic body face while repositioning in the attic? - There will be 28 more interspersed throughout the movie, obviously there to make you say "Oh my God! There is a corpse in the attic!" But after the first hour it changes: "How the simple police did not find the recessed body in the net, placed quite prominently in the attic? "Especially since it is very clear that it is clearly visible from outside the house. Indeed, at any time before the CIS came into the air, it must have been a time of such a golden crime the policemen are so stupid, fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon, however, after a much boring drama, the house mother was afraid that her precious cat climbed up a vertical ladder and pushed a heavy trap that was resting over her (those evil cats!), because she sticks her head there and ends with a hook in her throat for trouble. Now we have two corpses in the attic - hey, why do not we have 75 photos that try to get us cool through the deed and now that there are two bodies in the attic now? Now the police started to take the situation seriously and pressed the phone and put a policeman out. He tells Jess and her friend, Janis Ian, that if the obscene caller calls them back, they have to keep him on the phone. Jessica, who grew even more than whiny, mousy and annoying, continues to ask the caller "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" as the first 89 calls, when it is clear that it will not respond to it. Is not a sign a development handicap? Inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what he will do, suddenly says, "Yes, hi, is Bob out of the washer?" Jess Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are packed in bed with ketchup sprinkled on their faces (the idea of ​​this gore film), and idiot Jess realizes that no door or window in the house is blocked. Hello? Are you tracked or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is in the house and calls Jess and says, "Do not ask questions, do as I say, walk to the front door and get out." So what's the idiot Jess doing? Start shouting "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, a great sister. Now, why do not you just go upstairs, where do you know that a psychotic killer is hiding? Of course he does and sees his ex-boyfriends, all sprinkled with ketchup, making this spectator shout at the screen: "Do you have a clue now?" Now, obviously, we have to be understanding and realize that this film was made before the tropics of classic slasher films were solid in place and did not move at the same pace as we are accustomed to seeing a covered plastic body in the attic 206 times it was probably scary back in the day and people were not accustomed to being watched by psychopaths, so they did not think to block doors or windows. And they might be tempted to wander up when they were just told that a murderer was there. You see, people were stupid in the '70s. We need to understand that. One of the biggest shocks is that we do not even see our final girl killing the psycho. But believe me, the fact that it's more interesting to read in this review than to stay in the movie for. Spies are over! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, visit Cinema de Merde, my site on bad and cheesy movies (with some good films thrown in). You can find the URL in my email address above.
