BFG is one of Roald Dahl's prettiest books, but in this animated adaptation magic is not there. This version remains pretty faithful to Dahl's original story, so it can not be blamed for John Hambley's script. If the guilt comes in some way the colorless animation, the lethargic rhythm and, in general, the blurred voice. One would be fair to expect this story to be made for a happy, vibrant, fun movie ... instead, the movie is a trouble-free business that gets tiring enough to look. Children who are unfamiliar with the story should definitely read the first book! All the movie will be made to get them out of reading what is actually a classic for kids. Young Orphan Sophie (Amanda Root's voice) lives in a little friendly orphanage under Mrs Clonkers' cruel supervision. One evening, she looks out the window when she observes a massive figure who walks secretly on the street in the village. The figure realizes she was seen, so she walks through the window and pulls Sophie out of her bed, placing them in her huge pocket before she runs into the night. Sophie soon finds out that she was kidnapped by a giant Giant country and she fears she will eat it. But for her relief she turns out to be a good and delicate member of his species, which features as BFG (David Jason's voice). BFG refuses to eat people, instead, limiting itself to delicious vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, the huge country is populated by many other giants who make a feast - every evening, as it happens - to poor people who do not ask. Sophie and BFG become good friends and soon they will come up with a plan to counteract the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (Angela Thorne's voice) with their remarkable story and begging her to send the army and the air force to fight the giants who eat men. The Queen agrees and starts a dangerous operation to catch the bad giants before they can hurt anyone else. Jason's BFG voice is pretty good (one of the few goodies in the movie), but his good work is almost ruined by poor sound quality. The rest of the voice is decisively uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly, BFG is the only person that is imaginatively animated - Sophie has no recourse, and the giants are boringly designed (and seem almost indisputable to each other). Even places are not invested; The giant country is especially close to the short, being an empty wasteland with occasional stones and canyons. At 88 minutes the film is not exactly long, but it gets pretty bad in parts due to the soporific manipulation of several sequences. Dahl's little mischievous humor is passed on satisfactorily. A chapter in the book refers to BFG love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and it is laughing-out-harely. In the movie, the same section is totally killed by non-functional manipulation. I came to The BFG waiting for a lot of dowry, fun and joy, but what I received was quite the opposite! This is an unsuccessful error that simply does not match the caliber of a book in any department - unfortunately, it must go to skip it.
