I bought this movie for $ 5 at a used CD store, and I regret finding it. I will start by saying that I am a great fan of horror movements. They offer a cheerfully cheap cheap fun. This movie was fun for the first half hour, because it was so bad that it could be fun in a MST3K style quite easy. Then it was boring. The actor is the most frightening part of the film. While no great action is expected, this was a bad laugh and, frankly, offered all the entertainment that was to be had. This is the plus part of the movie. If the film really falter in entertainment is writing, lighting, and editing. This movie offers too much "What% $ @ # is happening?" moments. There are many moments, such as mom having odd moments to dinner, and then it has no consequences in the movie. Along the dinner lines, someone responsible decided that it is fun to see that people eat refined food for five minutes without dialogue whenever a meal was served. During meals and other inappropriate moments, the scene moves away from pure darkness. Then cut back. And talking about the darkness outside, one of the funniest parts of the film is the climate, where it seems that it is no night unless it rains. And talking about darkness, a big problem with the movie is that it's so light that you can not see what happens halfway, which means more frustration than anything. In one of the climate scenes, you can not even say what you should see as shocking. And when it comes to climatic scenes, Unhinged contains one of the worst. I saw people saying "Wow, that surprised me, and that's good." I can say that the great revelation surprised me, because I did not see it coming. The reason I did not see it coming is that it did not make any sense. I will not destroy it for you, but I will tell you that my friend and I spent twenty minutes back in various parts of the movie to find something that would have been validated at all, and all I found was more than that saying it was possible. On the whole, this movie is actually better when you watch it with the pieces of commentary that have fun with it. I like horror movies, but that was too much.
