I bought Unhinged because I was mad at the picture on the cover. If you want to see all the good parts of the movie, just look at the back of the box. All the blows are shown and I can tell you honestly that it looks much better in the frames than in the movie. After you say that, let's look at the plot. A group of college girls who lead to a rock concert (through deep and dark forests, in one of the longest driving sequences that have ever been captured on celluloid) are moving away from the road. There is no visible damage in the car, but it seems that it was enough to put one of the characters in a state of comatose for the rest of the movie (or read the script and was already in a coma before shooting starts) > <br /> The two remaining girls wake up in a large, isolated home. The house, by the way, is fabulous and manages more drama only through its presence than any of the film's actors. For some reasons, however, this house has no paths to it. The only way you can get on the main road is to go five miles through the forest. The girls spend the rest of the Unhinged sitting around, listening to strange conversations between an old rich slut (who looked like George Washington in love) and her daughter as familiar, sexually repressed. The girls did not seem to hurry to return from that concert, anyway it was that they packed more clothes than that of Gilligan Island for that three-hour tour. Until we, the spectators, get to the killing scenes, we do not care. We want someone to kill us just to put an end to our suffering. Unhinged finally ends with a pretty shocking end that deserves to be in a much better movie. It is almost as if the end, the good idea in the film, was written first and then the writers tried to make a film that would lead to him. Unhinged is finally a boring film with bad action, and a plot with more holes than a leper in a porn movie (I'm sorry, I'm not sure where it came from). You will have an idea of ​​how bad this movie is during opening credits when, for a reason that is never explained, the screen turns black for about two minutes while the characters talk about anything worth mentioning. Do not waste time. You will just feel Unhappy and want to turn your time and money.
