In a movie, twist wrists can be very cool. It is especially interesting when twisting is right in front of our eyes, but we simply do not pay attention. Types of twisted terminations are what make people think. Then we have some twists like this movie. It rages that, whether you pay attention or not, you have no idea what will happen. When it reveals this kind of random overthrow instead of shock, it is a somewhat unpleasant reaction. This movie starts as if it's an interesting interest in making horror, but after about 20 minutes, it's nothing but a boring dialogue and stupid twist. Three young girls go to a concert, so you lose traveling through the forest and hit a tree trunk. They come to an old house of a ghastly woman who hates men and is greeted by her familiar daughter, Marion (Laurel Munson). Strange it happens that these girls stay at this house for several days instead of trying to leave or get home, and the suspense progresses in a bad slasher. This movie is too caught in its dialogue, and is always just a few characters. We have the main three girls, the creepy and old spinster, and a conversation of any importance does not exceed these five. To make things worse, they have nothing interesting to say. It's actually pretty crazy to stay in their conversations. We want to know what's going on and instead of talking and talking and talking (about nothing). <br /> <br /> Land holes are abundant here. The house that these girls stay at when they fall into their car accident is apparently three miles from anywhere ... wow, three miles! A ride of two hours or less will kill them. Why did not they go with the laborer for this house in the city? Had it a place? Why do these girls never ask to leave and just to stay knowingly, rarely even checking each other? Why did he have to have so many ups and downs? Maybe the answers are in the boring scenario. Having a five-character movie is really a bad idea. It's not thrilling, it's not scary, and the end is certainly there, but no doubt stupid. My Rating: * 1/2 of ****. 79 minutes. R for nudity and violence.
