Unhinged was part of the Nasty video censorship video that the UK built in the 80's. It keeps the empty stuff out of the hands of the children, you do not know! He must have left many to wonder what it was about agitation. By today's standard, Unhinged is a fairy tale story. 3 girls are going to a jazz concert ... and right away, you know the body count will be pretty low. They wander in the woods and end up in a car accident that seems so fake it's ridiculous. They are taken over by nearby residents who live in the woods in a creepy house. One of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay up. Then we talk. Speaking why the girls are here and how they have to be at the table in time because Mom does not like when someone is late. And moreover. Yakkity yak. Some suspense is built as a madman walks and harasses the faces, and one's eye looks through holes in the walls, the pretty girls, in something that looks like Hitchcock's Pitcho. I broke up because there is so much bla bla in this movie that you ask when the crimes will begin. In fact, one of the girls gets bored from her mind as she goes to the woods alone, looking for the city. Smart movement. She probably knew about the lonely virgin who walked alone in the forest but did not care. Several discussions continue after we wait, wait and wait longer until the next girl may or may not be killed. And then there is the end of the twist. "Unexpectedly" awaited for some viewers, for others a really gotcha. Quite possible, the only reason someone really wants to look at this. I do not care how overturned it is, nothing in this movie matches the most boring time I've ever been following. Even with the minor impact of the conclusion, the director did not have exactly what it takes to truly offer a good story to him. He would have made a 30-minute TV episode - more than 1 hour per word, Tales from the Darkside. If you really need to get this for any reason, maybe you just said that you watched every shot movie, do a favor and prepares the button fast forward. Since the movie has so many unimportant scenes, just zoom in on it, and in the shortest time you'll get to "WOW, that was all the time." And at the middle of the movie there is a 2-sided shower scene showing boo-bees. Horiah for boo-bees. Those beautiful honey lips make boo-bees.
