If someone sits down to watch Unhinged, perhaps his commercials, video tapes, anything, shout that he has been banned in the UK for over 20 years (as virtually every unpleasant video). It's true; exploitation and taboo excite people and attract them with their promise of controversy. Being a fan of exploitation, none of these things were new to me. The ads that scream that the movie was banned in the UK do not necessarily make me want to see it; in fact, the first thing that comes to my head is how disgusting the British are. How I came to see this is simple: promised gore and it was only $ 6.99. The price alone alerted me to having no hope that this would be the next Halloween, but a cheap filler of your DVD collection never gives birth. I have, however, forced myself to see everything in a meeting, because I have found that the decision to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. So, anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I discovered that I met the cheapest sleeping aid in existence. I think distributors could earn a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique. The structure of Unhinged is of any common slasher of the 1980s. There are unnecessary showers and exploiting gorges. It's about that. However, it starts with a group of three attractive co-editors who crash their car on the road to a concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are fine, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and is out of commission for the rest of the movie. They are saved and taken shelter in a mansion (which does not have a telephone, of course) with some strange occupants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a nasty mother of men who constantly accuses Marion of people who slip into the house to sleep with them (echoes of Psycho?). It also happens to have a crazy brother Carl who lives in the forest because his mother's hatred for men is so intense he refuses to let him stay in the house. After staying with Marion for a while, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite the warnings of all, Nancy faces the dangerous forest to get to a phone (her fate is not hard to anticipate). Then we see Gloria again, who is then killed with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that something is wrong with this image and decides to find her missing friends. This can be easier said than done, however, with crazy Carl lurking around? <br /> <br /> After watching Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of reviews that said Unhinged worked perfectly because he spent time building up his subject that created a real tension until the moment the truth will come to an end. Normally, I do not pull other people's opinions into my reviews (especially when I contradict my opinions), but in this case I was so puzzled by the reactions that we consider relevant. This is because, in reality, the film is crawling. Normally, in order for the slow construction tactic to work, the audience must have a strong feeling that the characters are in danger. Sure, we see that two of them are killed, but there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom. We are aware of the fact that there is a killer at large, but this only focuses three times in the film; it means there's no reason to worry about the victims. Instead, the film's events are not explained by the actions of the characters, but are detached for us through perpetual discussions. If there's one thing I can make sure you do not look at that, those character scenes that will talk to each other for 75 minutes are very tiring. None of these is helped by atrocious action. It seems that this was another case of the director who needed actors and decided to gather his friends around the place instead of finding anyone with experience. Of course, I would be a liar if I said it was not part of the movie I liked. Specifically, the end was one of the best I've ever seen in a movie of slasher; do not expect this to happen. Just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like this is spectacular. I will not spoil it for you, nor will I say that the end does everything for the rest of the slow movie, but it will surely attract your attention. Besides, the other two crime scenes bring at least some quicker stuff, but it's not like you could not say exactly who will die for fifteen minutes in the movie. Anyone looking for a blood bath will be disappointed; these are the only scenes of the present gore. This and, of course, no scene can save a whole movie. Normally, she preaches the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worst a movie, the better it gets. Unfuled understands only a part of this concept. The whole movie feels Luke-warm; there is the right potential, but neither the director was experienced enough to make it work or just did not know what the hell he was doing.
