The invisible maniac begins as a young man Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) looking at a girl (Tracy Walker) through the telescope ... Cut to Twenty Years Later and Kevin Dornwinkle Noel Peters) is now a professor of physics who claims to have discovered a way to turn invisible things using a "molar reconstruction" serum. However, during a demonstration in front of his colleagues, he fails and all laughs at him, Dornwinkle goes crazy kills some of them and is stuck in a mental institute from which he escapes. Skip two weeks later, and a group of summer students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when Mrs. Cello's director (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she hired a replacement, you guessed that is Dornwinkle. The student does not take him to him and treats him as dirty, however Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and uses it to meet his perverted sexual needs and his desire to revenge ... Co-directed by Adam Rifkin , which is hidden wisely under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I would not want my name to be associated with this type of movie). Invisible Mania is the real ass of the barrels thing. Rifkin's script, I'm sorry for Coogan & Tony Markes is terrible. Trying to be a sexual adolescent / comedy / horror hybrid that fails in every department. For starters, sex is nothing more than a couple of female shower shows and some boob pictures, I can not feel anymore what I'm afraid of, and the birds of The Maniac Invisible are not that beautiful. The comedy is blades and every joke loses through proverbial miles, this is the kind of film that thinks someone fighting an invisible man or having a dumb man Henry (Jason Logan) trying to make a phone is funny. Invisible Maniac makes the Police Academy (1984-1994) a series of movies featuring as a climax of sophistication! As for the look of horror, which is too lame. It's also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has a very teen and inconvenient character. to try and make The Invisible Maniac an even enjoyable experience. There is no scare, tension or atmosphere and the whole movie is a real move to stay in the way. He does nothing with the invisibility angle, only a few open doors on his own are as adventurous as it happens. There is very little gore or violence, a little blood, some strangulation, and the only bit decent in the whole movie when someone has his head blowing with a rifle, unfortunately it was invisible at that moment and we will see only the headless body afterwards. The budget must have been low, and I mean very low, because it is a movie that is seriously cheap. The Dornwinkles lab is actually two jars on his bedside cabinet! When he escapes from the mental institution, he has a dog sent after him and the whole school has about a dozen students and two teachers. Invisible Mania is a poor film made in 85 minutes, I saw the one who made the boom on at least one occasion ... Let's say the act is a low standard and leave it to it. <br /> <br /> Invisible Mania is stupid, simple and simple. I have not found any ransom items in it, there are many more good movies out there that you can watch so there is no reason to waste your time with this garbage. Definitely one to avoid.
