Movie critics in the world, I apologize. It's your job to give advice to the public that is unfolding so that they can wisely choose what to spend money on. But I ignored your advice and I was very hurt. However, my decision to see "Cat in the Hat" was not strangely done. You see, three years ago, all critics said we should all avoid the "calamities" known as "Christmas Grinch Stole." Then some of my friends took me to see him and it turned out to be a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic feature. So when critics unleashed the rage against "The Cat in the Hat", another big update pocket of Seuss with a big star in the lead role, I thought it must be the same old song. How bad I was. For five minutes I thought I was clear. The opening credits are smart, the children are charming, and the production values ​​are top. Then the cat appeared. There are many problems at this point, but Mike Myers was the greatest miserable person. If "The Grinch" was saved by Jim Carrey's inspired casting, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very funny when its energies are applied wherever they appear, comic sketches. Every movie he made was really funny was really a long comedy sketch, from "Wayne's World" to "Austin Powers". So he's trying to do the same thing here, it's just that these comedy sketches are more like the stuff they stick to the end of the SNL, not funny, just painful. Not that the writers helped all of them. After the charming prologue, the film turns into an hour of repulsive bodily humorous guns, poorly disordered pratfalls, and insulting humorous attempts. This movie was the most desperate cinematic experience I've ever had. Period. So much talent and work have gone into something so bad. I know that the adult stars of this film will be relatively untouched by this mess, I just hope the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have more chances to show their charm in much better movies. If you are a parent, please avoid this as a plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in the theater, you have far better choices.
