Hellborn begins as a young psychiatrist, named James Bishop (Matt Stasi), resides in the crazy asylum of St. Andrews or "a mental illness facility" as he likes to call it there. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets with his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and is put to work, he becomes the "A" section where some seriously disturbed and dangerous patients are kept. If it was not bad enough during the first round of visits, the bishop finds a dead body and threatens with the sounds of graffiti messages sprinkled into his room. The bishop begins to hear stories from patients about sinister travel - at home and soon finds that stories have more than a suggestion of truth about them ... Known as the "Asylum of the Abducted" in the US, this supernatural horror movie was directed by Philip J. Jones and I liked it somehow, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory elements for me to fully enjoy it. Matt McComb's script is quite serious and I liked the basic idea behind and some of his ideas, but there are a few things that work against her. To begin with, the movie is too slow, the story is pretty good and it's not getting too early, but it takes an absolute age for it to go, and I quickly lost interest in every passing minute. I also thought that the so-called end of overthrow was far too predictable and ends in itself too weak and forgetful. It's a shame because I liked the story, character, setting and some of the ideas, but it's just too slow and honestly boring to keep one entertained for 90 minutes. It's one of those films that I'd like to recommend, but I can not honestly. Director Jones does a good job, actually it's a well lit and quite atmospheric film. I would not say it's scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real asylum, but if they did not do a good job on sets and the film looks pretty good overall. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of gore or action, there are two wounds in the form of a hand and a cut tongue, and that is not something else about the blood or the gore that has to go as a disappointment. Depending on who you think and which reviews you read the special effects are either the worst ever or very good, and a devoted low-priced observer of the budget, I was very impressed by the effects of, in particular, the demon showing a very impressive and is a man in a costume effect, rather than a terrible CGI computer graphics, though it is an impressive costume. It all depends on the expectations I expect. From a technical point of view, the movie is good, it looks pretty nice and the lack of effects on the CGI computer is good. The actor is not great, it could well have been better. Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, there were some good things about him, but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately surpass good. I liked some of it, but as a whole 90-minute viewing experience, it would be absolutely impossible to recommend it to everyone.
