Theoretically, movies should be a form of entertainment. While this excludes documentaries and other experimental forms of filming; most films, especially genres, should not just tell their story or message, but distract their target audience in some way. All this just to say that, in my opinion, a bad movie is not a movie with low production or low budgets, a bad movie is one that is boring. "Hellborn" or "Damned Asylum," as it is known in the US, is a bad movie simply because it does not involve, and irresistibly boring and tiring. Although it has a very good premise, it is poorly developed, and mediocre action does not do better. On other hands, the movie could have been a B or even classic movie, but here's just a bad shot of filming. Director Philip J. Jones tells the story of James Bishop (Matt Stasi), a young psychiatric resident who has just taken his dream job at Mental St. Andrew; but the old asylum seems to hide a secret. After the mysterious death of some patients and the constant rumors of satanic practices, James decides to find out what's going on; just to find the boss of his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne), who thinks the Bishop is as crazy as his patients. While the premise is quite exciting, the film's performance leaves a lot to be desired. In an attempt to make a supernatural psychological thriller, Jones goes for an easy walk and makes a film full of every cliché of the genre. Of course, there are lots of great movies that are also stuffed with clichés; but "Hellborn", each of which is wasted and turned into a tumultuous leap to keep things moving, resulting in a story boring and predictable. The act is quite mediocre for the most part, with one great exception: Bruce Payne offers a top performance that makes the film not worthy of such an action. Matt Stasi is very weak as the main character, and the other castors perform forgotten. Despite these flaws, it wrote something about "Hellborn" is visually very good budget and very similar to modern Hollywood productions sized modern "horror". Also makeup and prosthetics are very nice and the main antagonist drawings are pretty good. Unfortunately, the rest of the Special Effects are terrible and obsolete, making a huge contrast with makeup & prosthesis. "Hellborn" is a movie with some good things outweighed by its serious flaws with terrible results. Hardcore horror or film fans may be interested in its premise, but it is a boring and tiring experience. 3/10
