This is the "House of Exorcism" page, but most people have mistaken this movie with the Mario Bava masterpiece "Lisa & the Devil," which explains the ridiculously high rating for the House of Exorcism. When "Lisa & the Devil" was featured at the film festivals in the early 1970s, it was a critical success. Audiences have responded well to this superb Gothic horror film. Unfortunately, it was a bit more than the time, and it was considered too unusual and not quite commercial for mass consumption. No distributor would buy it. Thus, producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit "Lisa", apparently with a chain, eliminating almost half of the original film and adding new scenes that he had shot two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava does not have much to do with these new, hideous additions, so technically the "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamlike, classy production. For a few moments in the movie, the viewer breaks out of this dream world, just as we suddenly see Lisa (two years older and with a very different haircut), start eating on the ground, making guttural sounds and epitaphs like "suck my co @ k" etc. Subtly, right? And the movie continues like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful, visible film and an Exorcist Z exercise. Leone tries to incorporate these shock scenes, while preserving intact a story. He did not fail. When the election was made to destroy practically "Lisa and the Devil", Bava himself refused, saying that his movie was too good to cut. He was right and it should have been very sad for this artist to see all the work destroyed and washed in the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" was seen again, reappearing on late night television. I saw the "lisa" long before seeing this new version and it was even disturbing to confess one of my favorite "vandalized" films that way. It's worth seeing only for reasons of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious disaster as the plague.
