But I doubt that many were going to see this movie. Or "Some came out of the cinema." Okay, that's a little rough. The film starts in an unintentionally comic way: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown for many years (this scent of clichés) and the whole city is shaken by the arrival: he is talked, everyone wants to talk to him and every woman on who meets her flirt with him as if it were not tomorrow - even his niece says he would have given up on Frankie-boy's pleasure more! Even his nice granddaughter wants a piece of it! It sounds like one of those ridiculous episodes "Mike Hammer" in which every single female wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is nothing but a beautiful dream of a beautiful woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not be 100 feet away from someone as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood film is the other way around: MacLaine is absolutely nufer about Frankie-boy, but he does not care less! Sinatra plays too much in his films and is rarely credible. Dean Martin is a kind of miscast; he is not mistaked as a card player, but rather because of the emphasis he simply does not like. MacLaine is charming as ever, but she plays a cartoon - and this addiction to caricatures is one of the basic issues of the movie. The main characters are all stereotypes of bad movies or pre-movie movies and cheap novels; Frankie is the "cool cat" who returns to the city to get all the women, and he can not care less about his writing (which, in a predictable way, eventually gains recognition); Martin is a card player but also friendly; MacLaine is the bad bimbo, but very nice; Frankie's blonde love is a literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful man who married his wife's business and has a bad marriage; and so on. Clichés. The story contains some coincidences that are a little too cherished for my taste: Frankie is going to collide in her granddaughter in a place; his niece just happens to be a few meters away from his father when he kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is the terrible, stupid ending. In it, a boy boy tilted at Frankie-boy's killing somehow manages to find him in a carnival of all places! The place is completely crowded, with the noise and typical chaos - plus the evening happens - and yet the guy finds Frankie (despite being drunk like a door) and shoots him. But guess who's killing? MacLaine. She jumps in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliché that comic book writers might see. This absolutely pathetic, extremely dramatic and annoying end can not please any spectator, even semi-intelligent. And this is the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read the Romanians grimly in their lives - how else could the writing of this film be explained? There's even a card game where Frankie & Martin is headed against cartoons clothed in the writer's vivid imagination. (It was like a vampire suddenly suddenly.) Another bad thing is how Sinatra was crazy about the boring bimbo, and he ignored MacLaine. As the movie progresses, we find that Sinatra finds that MacLaine is too stupid for him, just as bimbo blond finds Sinatra as too little for her. There is a certain snobbery and contempt for being detected in the MacLaine scenario. MacLaine is treated as worthless by everyone, while blonde blonde is treated as a princess and an intellectual; the ironic truth is that his character is bad enough and not at all intellectual; its behavior, comments and opinions are mostly cliché, foolish, confused, demanding and primitive. At least MacLaine's character knows she (MacLaine) is bad. There is another irony that I have not been able to see: Sinatra has had difficulty finding an end to his last story - just like the writer of this film, and that's why he came up with a finisher, stray. <br /> </ p> <p> The film is basically a solid distribution, and the picture is nice, but the script, though sometimes fine, relies heavily on silly fools instead of reality-based characters and events. you are interested in reading my biographies of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by email.
