** SPOILERS ** We rented "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in English) based on Alejandro Amenabar's later effort "The Others". Based on what was a brilliant, measured, and scary film, I assumed that her previous efforts would be of similar quality and that I had a mood for a good horror. Instead, I did the most boring and absurd excuses for a lame-sour slumber film I saw from the German movie "Anatomy" (which I reminded of). but it is thrown in the first 20 minutes. She revolves around the innocent-n-beautiful theory of Angela's psychology student (Ana Torrent - a legacy of Jessica Harper) about the subject of film violence. In a situation too bad, too strong to enter here, she is spinning in the possession of a "tobacco" strip, which two men torture, mutilate and kill a young woman for the room. Angela and her horror friend Chema (Fele Martinez) are both shocked and yet intrigued by the tape and decide to get to the bottom who is responsible for it. nothing. They never give a reason why they want to find the killer of the girl (because they firmly refuse to contact the police during any event that unfolds, even when their own life is in danger) and the mystery itself is as much clear as Graham Norton in a room full of rabbit girls. There is only one idea (the type of camera used by the killers) and this is a) very weak and b) rotated in the first 20 minutes. The rest of the so-called "uprooting" takes place only by blind luck, more and more ridiculous upheavals of plot, and a LIGHT of terrible, transparent, and completely useless red hedgehogs that are only tilted to eliminate running time. /> Seriously - Amenabar might know things about ghost stories, but clearly he never read a detective book in his life. The key to a good good is to have a large group of potential suspects and eliminate them one by one, with intelligent deduction and the progressive discovery of more evidence before moving for the end of the twist. In Tesis, POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD, the identity of the killer is correctly guessed by amateur "detectives," almost instantly, and then we receive 100 minutes of a writer who tries to throw our spark until he does not waste his ideas, throws his hands up and says " OK, you took me, he was after all "! As for any kind of logic or reason behind the crimes - no such luck. You look at the wrong movie if that's what you're looking for. The only thing that pulls "Tesis" further than being just a bad, badly written thriller is how it tries to make it as lucky, crazy about film violence. I have no idea what position is trying to do on this issue, but it seems determined to cram in a bunch of psihomobile confused, confusing, among the rest of zbârnâni and say: "Look at me are political! ". The final scenes, in which the "point" of the movie is supposed to be hammered home, are so absurd and childish that we can not wonder if Amenabar feels embarrassed now when it comes to this. If not, you should definitely. This is an amateur nights at his house Slasher. Generally, I can not believe I have lost two hours (at least six) in this regard, hoping something to happen. Urban legend "movies tobacco" (and basically all they are, despite how this film tries to suggest that they are a kind of phenomenon criminalize that illuminates the world!) Is an area that can be exploited so tangible in horror good movies ("Videodrome" someone?), but it's so easy to cross the line in childhood "it would not be great if!" (for example, "My Little Eye") ... "Tesis" has reached a low level in all times for the genre of "snuff film". At each level, it is better left dead and buried. I give him one of 10, a beautiful light, but that's all.
