I suppose many people comment on / review their first IMDb movie because the movie was spectacular or horrible - I write thanks to the latter. I was delighted with the continuation of the "Wargames" game. I thought the original was good enough considering its time and content, I felt it was worth watching a couple of times. In 2008, I had great hopes for what she would do with this movie. Computers, gaming, terror, military overload have grown so much since the first film, and Wargames: The Dead Code have had the chance to bring it to an excellent move. <br /> <br /> The film has failed almost at all levels, but I especially blame the writers and anyone who has made any contribution to the realism of the games. "The Dead Code" was an airplane simulator in the 1990s, with some people on the ground waving their arms. Meanwhile, Will Farmer is a button that shoots about 7,000 orders - none of which impact on what's on the screen. Eventually, he "wins" by clicking on a box on the screen with the gas release mouse that instantly kills 20,000 virtual people (nobody is near the gas). Because he knocked 5 LEVELS in 15 minutes, this tells RIPLEY (the real war car) that it is a high-level terrorist threat. Even if every 5-16 year age can perform the same task - the government thinks it is a deadly threat to humanity. They say things like "He has expert knowledge about bio-terrorism ..." He presented less knowledge than someone who read the first three paragraphs of the Wiki entry on Bio-Terror. So, then a long-lasting movie scene, with about 0.01% of the budget and excitement from any of Bourne's titles, follows. They have about 1000 occasions to catch him and realize the whole thing. Sometimes they are crazy that they are no longer missing, but they creatively create opportunities just to let him intentionally go after him. Ugh ... I would write more .. but I've already lost 1.5 hours watching this, I'd prefer to look at Broderick and Joshua plays tic-tac-toe for 1.5 hours.
