Vera-Ellen, by her strange name, wanted to film what Sonja Henie was in the ice film: blonde, garland, always delightful to look at, but not a particularly good actress, and usually bent with weak material. When I look at Vera-Ellen's sexy Apache dance with Gene Kelly in "Words and Music," I can not see that her blouse (yellow with narrow horizontal horizontal stripes) seems to be made of the South Vietnamese flag. For some reason, American Vera-Ellen played in * two * musical (made with many years) in Edinburgh, a town that is not known for its dancers: "Let's be Happy" and "Happy Go Lovely." /> <br /> In the second, Cesar Romero plays an American impersonator who for some reason installs a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which is stupid: The festival is not a showcase for foot performances. We also see some photos from the Royal Mile: apart from some Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere to this film. The funniest gag appears at first when we find out that the title of Romero's show is "Frolics to You": this is a gambling game the British will get and Yanks will not succeed. Vera Ellen is, as usual, cute and attractive and an impressive dancer, but the very few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The plot - the wrong identity between the magnate David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - is brainless, though not more than the plots of dozens of Hollywood musicians. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because he does not have to convince us that he is interested in heroin bedding. The biggest crime of this film is the inappropriate use of Bobby Howes. Sally Ann Howes' father was an important star of the West End musicals; his "wonderful" performance was a great success in the UK in 1937. Here, he appears in several scenes as Romero dogs, but he never has a chance to participate in a musical number, not even a comedy real. It is absolutely criminal that this movie - with a title containing the word "Lovely", surely will evoke Howes' greatest hit - will cast a great British musical star but will not give it anything to do! character character Ambrosine Phillpotts (with which I once worked) shines in a single sequence of restaurants, and a beauty miracle condemned by Kay Kendall. Like Vera-Ellen's confidentiality, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to mimic Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time, but nor does it fit. Val Guest has a credit story, but this film does not reach the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, though I realize that Britain after the war could not afford work in Hollywood. "Happy Go Lovely" is mostly a pleasant time, with "beer" being the operative word. I'll rate this movie just 4 out of 10.
