You must understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, it created a generation of computer hackers. The idea that a teenager could do much more far away than to discourage a world war was new and thrilling. Real computers began to appear in people's homes and, for the first time, society became interconnected in a way that made the premise of the film preoccupied. Given a computer speaker that balanced his free time between chess and global warming was a bit attractive, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war did. I've probably heard of the hackers on which this movie is actually based. <br /> <br /> You start 25 years ago and we have a horrible mutant of something I do not want to call a sequel called Wargames: The Dead Code. I'll just dig in. First of all, the plot is based on a government-run gambling site where people who win the games are automatically suspected of terror. You're probably very confused right now. The idea is that, eventually, the terrorist will click on the sub-game on the Dead Code website, where they fly an airplane across a city, spreading it with biological weapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax," and if you choose "sarin," then you are automatically confirmed as a bioterrorist expert, and your family is taken into custody and interrogated. In the movie, this is actually happening. However, since payment for the game was made from a bank account that was suspect, obviously all make sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the AI ​​avatar in this direct-to-DVD bomb is an annoying flash animation that continues to repeat the pop-up-ad-esquire sound muscle "play with me baby" . Because it seems that in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual activities like chess and becomes porn. Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, unlike pure curiosity original film. For some reasons, recent hacker films feel the need to describe all young adults as medium-sized surfers, who are the same as everyone else. This can work for your average situation, but you do not know how to take the government computers into your hair, playing sports and shopping at the mall, folks. The only thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and later there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear, they called the main character Will only for that phrase, so they can send a maximum of five to Damon. This Will child is not bad, but it certainly was not an obsessive hacker I've ever met. Can not I say how angry I am that this movie has the same name as the original, because it has nothing in common with it, unless? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) make a comeback in this film, like a starved old man who seems to be dying of boredom, and an old, tic-tac-toe, dilapidated car with a higher voice. After doing something, Joshua (AI) has what seems to be sex with the new AI with porn, a lot of flash board games on the big screens and "The only way to win is not to play," the revelation would it must be the moment of crowning. Except that those of us who have seen the original, you know, those who would like to see this first have already been there and have done so. A recycled end for a film made last month's compost. The new movie was directed by a guy who made 90210 and was written by boys who make B movies. The original was directed by a guy dealing with "Heroes," so see the difference in quality there. There was a real remake, but I hope they will not destroy this classic again. I swear if I do, I'll visit each gambling website until I find the one that is run by a psychotic government computer. The rescue is that we have been able to pass this on to Netflix, so at least the only energy I have ever had with this disaster was breathing, pressure and indigestion.
