This is based freely on the ideas of the original 1980s blows. It is set in modern day because we see that a base in Afghanistan is destroyed by a UAV right from the beginning. And exactly where the movie is shaking the shark. UAVs are not armed. It could be, but I do not think it's ever been tried for the truth. We will see the computer that performed this operation, called R.I.P.L.E.Y. We are introduced to the "hacker" Will Farmer (he is good at chemistry and electronics that does not make him a computer hacker) and his love interest, Annie) & 1st Will's hacking attempt is not just a complete IP address failure and Annie guessed who he was. We also meet Mother Wills, who works for a chemical company. The spells that take money from the neighbor's bank account (Mr Massude) are not a hack (helped him set up his account) a knot back to the original film where they decide against the Global Thermonuclear War and play the Dead Code. The tracking of the RIPLEY office is not on Will, but on Massude's PC, so all the evidence they gathered was useless against Will. Exactly why RIPLEY closed Will's car is not explained an online game?) And also why he felt the need to close all the electricity in the whole block he lived in. Why a counter-terrorism agency would see this as a viable target is highly questionable. Regarding RIPLEY activating your mobile phone? I think no, it was not connected to the PC and the message would not have played if it did not actually answer the phone, so there is even more "hacking" science out there. RIPLEY agents arrive at Massude's house, take it away, and Will gets an envelope that proves to contain a bunch of money. Searching for the license plate of the machine that took Massude is not a "hack", as you never see him entering the DMV computer. RIPLEY agents who take Dennis to the airport they are looking for will not have the authority to arrest or detain him. Will's mother had never "sneaked chemicals and bio agents." And even if he did, they did not have the right to arrest or hold Dennis. Patriot Act or not. I do not know why Will was worried about being arrested for any crime in Canada as a totally different country with different laws than the US. <br /> <br /> The computer became rogue and all the actions against Will, his mother and Dennis were not sanctioned by a government agency. The phreak phone we see will make the first show of any hacking ability in the movie, we'll also get a hack into RIPLEY, which seemed too easy for such a powerful system. <br /> <br /> The guy who ran to Annie at the airport and watched them on the street had nothing to do with RIPLEY and the ridiculous idea that RIPLEY could watch a cell phone while the underground was the same as well as the idea that a computer reads the lips. > Another reference to the original film when he mentions Stephen Falken as the designer of the replaced RIPLEY system, the Joshua project. We find out that the "guy" who fled to Annie is Falken (who was not interpreted by the original actor unfortunately) who falsified his death. We also see WOPR as "what will help them" beat RIPLEY and keep the same voice then used. Falken & WOPR are destroyed too soon after they were not used at all (the same explosion should kill Will, Annie and Russian.) It is also unlikely to create an autonomous IT system that has the ability to destroy or the country they operate in. The whole "plot and idea of ​​decontamination" is absolutely unbelievable, and those types of order will have to go through the president or chiefs of the Communists. RIPLEY is not made by Will, he's just contacting one of his friends who suggest and implement the idea. It's ridiculously ridiculous that Will will only get a login from RIPLEY's .If Joshua as a backdoor in RIPLEY (especially after he was blowing in bits) is incredibly overwhelming and screaming by a very desperate writer who had no left-wing ideas and wanted to get this movie and it's over. There's a terrible thing in case which RIPLE Y plays Dead Code and we see a countdown (say 17 minutes) then RIPLEY says: "30 minutes decontamination," how bad is that when I can not keep up with my own timer? RIPLEY's attack mission against Philadelphia is stopped (too easy in my opinion) and decides to attack Joshua in his internal circuits and redirects the rocket to Philly to Washington where RIPLEY is stationed. The idea of ​​a nuclear exchange to make RIPLEY realize what she's doing will not work (she certainly knew if she had invited Joshua just as she had already learned this lesson in her original film?) It's still a sign back to the original movie . Their children at RIPLEY repeat exactly the same words of Joshua at the end of the original film just goes to show how many original ideas they could not come up with. > <br /> If you want to show your fingers for bad and stolen ideas, the guys are Randall Badat & Rob Kerchner. This is a dreadful film and is best avoided.
