It's definitely not horrible, but it's definitely not good. Cry, The Beloved Country (1995) was directed by Darrell Roodt and screened by Ronald Harwood (Adapted from 1946's novel by Alan Paton). With James Earl Jones and Richard Harris. The film refers to South Africa before apartheid and the story of a black man and a white man who are intertwined. The pious but naive preacher Stephen Kumalo (James Earl Jones) receives a letter from Johannesburg saying he must come immediately; he later finds out that his son has killed a man. Farmer / wealthy owner James Jarvis (Richard Harris) finds out that his son, a black warrior, was the one killed by Kumalo's son. That's what connects. I can not compare it to the 1951 movie, because I did not see it. Or the 1974 music entitled "Lost in Stars" because I did not even see it; both look better than this. But, on the other hand, I have seen the Freedom of Complaint; has a much more urgent air for her, as she actually tries to say something in which Cry, the Lover Land seems to have no idea where it goes. Very pleasant". I refuse to compare the film to the novel (except that I enjoyed the novel more than I liked the film), because novels and films are two extremely different environments, and there is no point in transferring one directly to another or compare them by the same means. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie blew. Well, I guess it was not that bad, - Fifth-out-of-ten, - but it was not that good. Both leaders, both very capable actors, shoot some of the best performing woods that I've seen with some of the most awkward dialogues in the history of the film (but which can be accused by his screenwriter Ronald Harwood, who is also , this film being written by the sublime Pianist and Being Julia). Among others, the point and the themes of the novel were almost entirely lost in their transition to film for the third time; there is little tension, if any, at any moment of the movie, racial or tense. Music does not help. The painful and mistaken pastoral orchestra really helps to clean this movie. One of them is cinematic, with lots of good or big photos, but unfortunately this does not help too much the movie. Last striking words of Alan Paton's novel are shown in the last moments of the film. It's too bad that they seem so disconnected from the movie that has just been shown. I do not know what Nelson Mandela could have seen in this movie. Thanks for your time.
