Someone, one day, should do an architectural study as it appears in horror films; all explorations of strange landscaped villas, searches for passages and secret crypts, pursuing monsters through air ducts, and so on. Unfortunately, I only remember a few movies in which architecture played a major role - "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it is at the heart of every story about a fearsome home or church or crypt; it is about the character and the influence of spaces, passages and walls. So, we were waiting for this thriller where he promised to be central. The idea is the following: An architect built - in fact, rebuilt - for himself a huge and lively house; his wife just left her, mainly because of her own selfishness, but she is also intimate, because she can not get used to this place since she remodeled her. To live in unusual solitude (real this time, rather than virtual), he comes to suspect that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one evening asking to use the phone and then disappeared suddenly - lives in the house with l; only the place is big enough for him to never see him. This is a good start for a melodrama, the development of which should be expected to follow some of these lines: After looking for the house for intrusion several times unsuccessfully, the architect moves to his plans to perform more systematic searches, trying to various ways to capture, intercept, or attack the intruder, perhaps through special traits that he has integrated into the structure. Meanwhile, the intruder has discovered hidden places and ways of returning between places that the architect has not foreseen or no longer remember. The film will turn into a game of cats and mice, a hunt, a battle; and finally, trying to catch the intruder, the architect himself would have been caught in his creation, in a way he did not expect. Then he would have forced himself to think - and perhaps at the same time by his own self-imposed isolation - and in a last twist would be the nail and perhaps even kill, br /> <br /> It does not happen nothing in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his nemesis has an unknown character, if there is none at all. Here's what happens in the movie: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if he is - the architect starts to hear noises, but when he goes to the investigation he finds nothing. He calls the cops, I think he's a bit slippery; he persuades his wife to spend the night, she thinks she is more nuts. Eventually, more or less accidentally, he enters the intruder (does not have a good look, but the figures, who else could be?) - is not a tough question, in a story with, to this point , less than three main characters), then locks the doors, lowers the grids on the windows, throws the key (I do not know why he thinks it is necessary) and lets the victim die of hunger. I missed what it was once: the doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect needs to sleep in the car. And since the idea of ​​the film has gone undeveloped and can not be further developed, something else needs to be conceived to take its place. And this is: The architect - are you ready? - moves to the man's house who (probably) moved to it and lives there in the same way. How is this possible? It is not, but the film takes this route to try to make it look like this: The architect drew a picture of the man who came to the door; and when he leaves the house, he takes the picture with him; and while sitting in his car he throws the image on the street; and two children take it and notice that it looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his home is and the children are heading. If this sequence seems to get worse than what is unlikely, what results from plunges. The architect lives with Martin's wife, unknown to her; so deceptive in his movements and so cunning in the reading of his hosts that he can always leave a room exactly as it comes in or out of sight as soon as he returns. Throughout this section, the film is intelligent in a way, making (or letting the viewer do) the point where his life with this stranger who does not know he is there is essentially the same life he has lived with his wife as a virtual resumption with her as a convenient swab. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world turns his transformation into Raffles, the cat-burglar, totally incredible. Let's not enter the series of breaks at the end - including another crime by blocking someone behind another invincible door - in front of such a thin landing that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair; two cute people taking a murder; and (before the story begins) unobserved construction of a tunnel in several homes .... At the end, the long awaited twist, the film adds another to make it even more offensive and then ... ends. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the evolution of two things - the idea of ​​the stranger in the house and the character of the man whose house he is - and which fumbles both. The first fumble makes it boring; the second one made me upset as she pushed the main character farther and farther along a zigzagging path and gave no explanation to the most necessary character: Martin the tunnel builder and the tenant. The story should be resumed by someone one day.
