"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a film that talked about the problems teenagers face in the UK, and how these issues, which constantly hit each note, teenagers' issues can relate to young people starting tomorrow. It could have been called "Moulin Rouge" in the 1980s, but it disappeared. She made her very deep sign in the world, she slipped under the radar and can now find dust collection either in the music section, in the comedy section, or in the dark political section of that video store that does not need any money in the chain to survive. Unfortunately, did not we find her there? but I found her, I watched her, tried the hardest to play with her, I looked at Bowie's eyes, but I found myself faded to the end. Did not survive the test of time? London in the 1950s is too far from our current society? Is Bowie too creepy? I think Absolute Beginners fall somewhere in each of these questions, being the perfect example of cinema that starts with a bang, but it turns to a simple glow to the end. "Absolute Beginners" opens with a huge number that takes us through the non-pebble streets of London, involving night theft, prostitutes on every corner, dancing around the world, drinking like rivers and fastest links to almost every individual. Sounds like a place that we do not want to be? right? Director Julien Temple keeps the bright and brilliant atmosphere in most of the songs as we try to learn about a lot of main characters. The one we follow most is Colin, played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dream of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). The two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a pre-detoxifying Lohan, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, chemistry was like a lava, and I thought these two could take me on a road I never traveled. I was ready? but then something happened. The Temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of the city with which we grew up at first, and inversely completely roles without any dedication to the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes a perverse, and Bowie? good ?? I'm not quite sure what role she has, but she plays amazingly well while she climbs a mountain? I can tell you a lot. The temple gives us this brilliant city, this opportunity to see those who live it, but it lets us hang in height and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learn especially about Colin, but no one else. I could see this movie again and at the same time be confused as to who is mad at whom and how fashion was important in that era. Also, were teens really ?? they all seemed to have pushed them for 20 years, but maybe it was my TV. Developing characters thrown right into the door, Temple tries to overcompensate, giving us bigger and more generous songs using even more characters we know nothing about. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this thought as a prime example. The Temple uses a separate house to show us the life of Colin's parents (about which I did not know it was until after the film), and about a song crying apathy. Great songs, too many characters, insufficient time, suddenly drawn to another scene of inconsistency and collapses in your hands. Then, if that was not enough, we're banging ourselves with great songs, rubbing our noggin "trying to understand where our characters are or where our characters are, and the Temple throws away in hate, anger and politics in the end While we hoped this movie would have a dedicated theme, I did not think that racism would be at the top of the bill. Suddenly, friends are missing, people are upset and there is a casual type of fighting with Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another breed? Somebody help me here, it seems to have rushed and overwhelmed? almost to the point of wanting to stop the film. has never been close to the enthusiasm of the opening number.This first part has set the rhythm and the Temple failed to keep up.In general, I must say that the Temple can direct a musical video, but I do not think that he was quite ready for the feature film. I do not think this movie will ever make the "cult" status and probably will remain unchanged or in the dollar basket for years to come. It's a fun movie to watch first, but when we get to the final part, it explodes from the inside. I wanted to work, but instead I found a strange Bowie, coupled with characters I did not care about. We could see how this film could refer to the youth of the '80s, but it all felt like forced. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listened to the stranger Bowie "Motivation" in this movie may have helped to strengthen this feature in a better cult status . I'm glad I looked at this movie once, but that's all I can do for my little brain. I liked the way the Temple caught me from the beginning but could not control the characters (too many) and the songs did not seem to match the final moments of the movie. He came out of nowhere, and was unhappy. If it was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I'll be spreading this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** of *****
