If you read the original novel, as we have done, you will probably hate it. The film version of _Absolute Beginners_ is a conglomerate of anomalies in the 1980s that attempts to create a "period" piece in the late 1950s, and fails to recreate or even pay homage to that period - Dirty Dancing's American monstrosity resembles with that of 1963, except that the film proved to be financially successful, despite having written equally amateur. In addition to their "appearance of the 1980s," the characters have been changed, rearranged and reduced to the point where the only features they share with the novel are the smallest superficial arrangements and, of course, the names: Suze is transformed from the former narrator's girlfriend and the promiscuous negrophilus who intends to marry an old queen for money (at her own admission in the first pages) in a type of "Eve" unhappy and naive seduced by fame and glamor, exploited and somehow scammed into a deceptive marriage by her boss, who, surprisingly, was not given a Van Dyke and pointy hairstyle. She and the narrator, renamed "Colin" (according to the author of the book, Colin MacInnes) for the film, are also in a relationship. The character of Big Jill, an apparently butch lesbian still "in the mid-20s, acting as a prostitute for a young lesbian and balloon cadres, and one of Narrator's closest friends who reveal the wisdom of the narrator franc, is reduced to a sort of "extra name" with only a few throws of lines, and tons of comic costumes. Hoplite Fabulous, a gay couple and another close friend of the narrator in the novel, is also reduced to the point of being useless in the film, father and all ignored. The father of the narrator in the novel is a kind of sad minor character, but in the film, he played to break out like a strange optimist and spirited, despite the unhappy neighborhood, and the disappearance of his marriage the mother of the narrator seems to be ignored for all practical purposes. In his favor, music (for what is) is well composed and you must give it credit for production and writing to take a line from the book ("... a few days, they will write musicals about the 1950s ...") as an inspiration to write a musical, but in the world of musicals left in the field, it is among the worst performing In group. Unlike _Shock Treatment_ or _Starstruck_ crucial plot elements are treated as afterthoughts. Unlike "The Apple", there is an uneven flow between the musical numbers and the spoken dialogue. You can not really blame for "too 80 years," feeling it was created in the 1980s. _Annie_'s cinematic release, launched in 1981, pays a wonderful tribute well-executed for New York's appearance in the 1930s, and _Napolean Dynamite_ manages to capture a look of the 1980s, a low budget in 2003 (although not explicitly established in the 1980s, those who lived in the decade can not deny that the movie "feels great in the 1980s") . Obviously, it was possible to do something good about this, especially with regard to the iconic status that the source novel has in the UK, but fails most apparently in its appearance and sense but also in the treatment of the material which is perhaps, if you have not read and you have no intention of reading the novel, you could enjoy this anachronism from the 1980s, offering a shameful parody of the modern jazz set at Soho in London. I can definitely see what the team is trying to do, but it certainly could have done better. With Boy George as a household name and musicians and bands mixed in the 1986 charts in the UK, they were certainly not forced to make the bowdlerise characters the way they did. In fact, I would go that far, saying that the writers ended doing what both the book and the film criticized harshly - it has gotten a bunch of adults to wander nonsense and treat their teenage audience , idiots make a quick buck on.
