Robert Colomb has two full-time jobs. He is known throughout the world as a globalized television reporter. Less well-known, but equally endearing, are his exploits as a full-time philanthropist. I saw the movie "Vivre pour Vivre", called "Live for Life". A few lives! Robert seems to always have at least three women in her life: a mistress on her way out, one on her way and a wife deceived at home. It helps Robert to be a liar. Among his most useful lies is "I will call you tomorrow," and "My work lasted longer than planned." He spends a lot of time and money on airplanes, trains and hotel rooms for the succession of connections. You ask yourself when this guy gets caught with his pants down. Some can find their exciting life, but I thought it was boring. His companions, including his wife, Catherine, are attractive and desirable women. But his lifestyle is so agitated and so deceptive, you wonder if he enjoys it all. Adding to the tape is a considerable recording that does not continue the plot. There are extensive sections without dialogue or French dialogue. We see documentaries about wars, torture and training of bands interwoven with live action. When Robert's flight returns from Africa, we wait and wait for the plane to land and charge at the airport terminal. Annie Girardot is an artist in this movie. He was the most interesting character and played it to perfection. It was also nice to see Candice Bergen at the beginning of her career. I can not find a mistake with Yves Montand's performance in what was actually an amoral fight. I liked some of Claude Lelouch's new techniques. In a room room room, the room rotates around the room, as Robert and his mistress argues. We observe them briefly during each pass around the room. In another scene, sitting on a train sleeping car, Robert is on the upper bed while his wife is at the bottom. Robert gives his wife important, but frightening news, but we only hear a part of it because of the snow. I felt that his wife also could not absorb any word because of the shocking nature of the news. I also enjoyed interesting African safari scenes. The cinema of those scenes and those in Amsterdam was superb. We have reviewed this film as part of a project at the Library of Congress. We called the FIFTY project: 50 notable movies forgotten in 50 years. As I can best determine, this movie, like the forty-nine other people I've identified, was not recorded, broadcast, or distributed to the U.S. since its initial launch. In my opinion, it is worthy to be available again. <br /> <br />
