This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells the destinies of two main characters and the names of people and places have been changed ... before telling us that the relationship with real people and events is pure coincidence. This final line actually compares everything that has passed before it; Rino Di Silvestro's disordered film is totally devoid of vision and if there is any point in plotting; it was not put there for purpose. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a movie "so bad is good," but I totally disagree. Normally, I like movies like this; but the Werewolf woman is really a bad movie, and despite all the sex and wilderness displayed; it does not even make a fun watch and that is unforgivable. The film does not really have a lot of plot, but the thin we give is about a young woman who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf. They dream of coming out and finding men, having sex with them, and eventually killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her boyfriend is killed and she goes out for revenge ... The film is made up of sex and gore scenes that are adorned with extremely boring sequences of speech in which various characters mingle over events latest. These scenes are probably there to convey the plot and build characters; but they really do not do that, and they only succeed in transforming what could have been a perilous exploitative film into an extremely overwhelming film. It seems the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than plot, and this is shown by the fact that the movie looks and sounds nice. Sexual scenes are often too long and not very erotic, but the gore works well. The premise is ripe to let go of a very sexy exploit, because there are a lot of naked women, and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means there might be a lot of erotic; but this is not capitalized, and while I can stomach huge doses of bad action and poor plotting lines, I really can not stand watching the movies and be bored. On the whole, I would not recommend this movie to big fans of exploitation. There are a lot of better things than this, and while the title may seem intriguing - the movie is not.
