"La Lupa Mannara" as well. "Werewolf Woman" in 1976 is a very promising film, but unfortunately the film itself is far from being a must-see for my horror fellow Italian Horror. You will not hear me saying that Rino Di Silvestri's film is totally bad - has its elegant moments, and the first half is actually very enjoyable to watch (although fun is unintentional). The film also benefits from an extraordinary spectacular actress, Annik Borel. However, the film, which has no real plot (at least one linear), often has no meaning and is incredibly shooting halfway through the half of the second. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) dreams about dancing around naked in the night before she becomes a werewolf woman. Because she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then when her sister (the siren of cult Dagmar Lassander) comes with her husband, Daniella suddenly feels her husband and then turns into a werewolf woman ... or something like that. The story really does not make the slightest sense, making the movie really fun to watch during the first half. Daniella's main character is a mixture of schizophrenic frosty hysterical and funny sand, which occasionally turns into a werewolf woman. Director Di Silvestri chose to offset the holes of plot with much female nudity, which works well for me. There are also some pretty good moments made by gore. The movie is never easy suspense or creepy, but it's really fun at first. Also, there are no attempts to conceal that this is a piece of sleaze, the camera often takes close-up photos of Mrs. Borel's private parts for the simple thing she has. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri chose to make the film more by completely changing the direction in which he is heading. While Daniella is, at first, a typical werewolf who can only help with the wishes of her curse, this suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando Di Leo's "Il Boss" from 1973). Suddenly, it returns to normal again, and the later part of the film does not go at all in the first half of the year. It's pretty boring after a while; all things considered, it would probably have been better for this 99-minute film to have only 70 minutes. Finally, they really want to make us believe that the absurd story (if it can be said) is based on real events. The "elderly woman" has certain redeeming qualities; my fellow Italo-Horror fans can make a try. However, if you want to watch the Italian horror / exploitation cinema in the 70's, there are hundreds of movies you should see before watching this movie.
