I think the writers have never read a book, much less a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and they have based their script on another badly written script, possibly a Copperfield adaptation, something else, of which randomly threw about one-third of the pages, and then mixed the rest together with a few random pages from a script that the fifth-fifth-grade nephew wrote for an English class and for which he received a notoriety. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example, Richards as Kramer plays Micawber - which was, then the direction and acting were poor punch lines delivered. Beyond Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was such a complete man, headaches and everything, that I was half expecting him to see him being pursued by a fork and a fork torch that accuses a lot of villagers. Uriah was almost a clown figure like Micawber. Mister. Murdstone evoked so much terror as the Moppet vampire on Sesame Street. The actor who played bigger David was, I think, actually a woman. In any case, searching perpetually as if he wanted to find a mirror to see how beautiful he looked and thought he looked quite real could not convince us he was writing with a pen. And while we are in touch with this subject, in one of the innumerable inaccuracies committed by the producers of this embarrassment, in David's useless images, writing his story, seems to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years old, it should be in 40 years. Perhaps the biggest violation, though difficult to choose, was the discovery between David and Murdstone, while he faced a third wife in Switzerland, preceded, of course, by the invented death of his second wife Murdstone. As they were at it, it's a wonder they did not send Heep to the guillotine and forced him to bring Sidney Carton's last famous words. It could not have done much worse indeed. It might have been a lot better. There are literally thousands of small and great sins against literature in the whole art error, and anyone who oversees it runs the risk of seriously and permanently damaging all aspects of their sensitivity.
