Silly, Simplistic, and Short, Gun Crazy (Volume 1: A Woman from NICAIERI) Goes Anywhere This short (just over sixty minutes) story is not so much inspired by classical Westerns spaghetti as . this is a rip-off by Sam Raimi and fast to the dead (the admissions admitted to Western spaghetti) brought to a contemporary setting. In QUICK & DEAD, the character Sharon Stone seeks revenge against the mistletoe Serif (played by Gene Hackman), who, when she was only a Urchin, placed her father's fate (a short camee by Gary Sinise) into her hands; she accidentally shot her head. In GUN CRAZY, Saki (played by ager Ryoko Yonekura) seeks revenge against Mr Tojo (played with minimalist appeal by Shingo Tsurumi), who, when she was only a Urchin, placed her father's fate in her hands; she let her leg slip from the clutch, and the dear father was drawn and divided by a semi truck. The only significant difference, despite the settings, is that Tojo sadly freezes Saki with? well, I will not spoil this for you, if you decide to watch it. In short, Saki? a pale imitation of Clint Eastwood's "Unnamed Man"? walking in town? In principle, there is a car shop and a tavern next to an American military base, so I think it's enough for a city? corrupt by Tojo, the local murderer, with a ridiculously high price on his head, for reasons that have never been explained or explored. Confessing her true self as a bounty hunter, Saki takes local gunmen in fire shots whose choreography thaws more than a similarity to Johnny and John Woo. Of course, until the end of the movie Saki suffered a fair amount of torture in the hands of the bad guy, but she rose to the occasion? on your knees, in a laughing attempt at an ending surprise? and defeating all of her enemies with a rocket launcher. Do not ask where the missile launcher gets. Look at it yourself. Try not to laugh. Image quality is average for launching the DVD. There is a serious quality for several sequences, but overall this is not a bad transfer. Sound quality sometimes leaves imagination sometimes, but again, it is not a bad transfer. Rather, it's a bad movie.
