This film offers absolutely no imagination in its premise or execution, but these are just two things that come to mind after watching this so-called comedy that has no energy to talk about. The story relates to the analytical risk manager, Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller), who finds his new wife Lisa (Debra Messing) defeating him with a scuba instructor (Hank Azaria) after a single honeymoon day. Upon returning home, Reuben and Sandy's best friend (Philip Seymour Hoffman) go to a party and meet Prince Polly (Jennifer Aniston) whom they took to school years ago. SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgotten and carefree and lives without worries, who is the opposite of the one who is Reuben as a person, but they begin to meet, and Reuben begins to change as a person as he begins to try New things like salsa dancing and eating spicy foods. But one day Lisa returns and wants to stay married to Reuben, but she really does not want to do it, but Polly decides to leave because she does not believe in marriage to start with this movie. John Hamburg's second routing effort, who wrote two generally "unpleasant" scenarios in "Zoolander" and "Meet the Parents," but the two films seem to be classical compared to this eternal piece. It's very easy to say something is not funny, but I think with this movie it's even easier to figure out why. This movie is total and predictable, from start to finish, with every scene that seems to happen only because of the ridiculous scenario. Hamburg who wrote the script seems to have written this without thinking of something different and sometimes seems to try to generate the same energy as "There is something about Mary," but events seem incredibly forcible. Does anyone think the blind ferret is funny? If you do, easy! Several times during film characters would be inexplicable these emotional speeches that should sum up everything, but all this is overly obvious. Stiller works a lot, but maybe he should work less and just wait for the better scriptures to come back because this movie does not work as a comedy or a love story.
