"Boom" has earned a reputation. With heavy Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams and Joseph Losey, would they be tempted to think how bad they might be? Well, it's much worse than you could imagine. The sad and disturbing fact of Boom is that it seems to signal the decline and fall of the above-mentioned heavens. Only Joseph Losey, who had fallen deeply with Modesty Blaise and Boom (some might want to add the "Secret Ceremony"), managed to recover in 1970 to create his best work, the wonderful Go- Between ". <br /> <br /> The saddest of all is Tennesee Williams's work. From the mid-1940s to the early sixties, Williams wrote a number of songs that won classic status, remaining in the world repertory of the theater, many of which became much-praised movies. When William's maiden left him, probably because of the abuse of notorious substances, he left him forever. Williams at the best is the dream of an actor who offers many unforgettable shows. (Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr were better than "Iguana Night"?) Taylor in particular shone both in "The Cat on a Hot Tray Roof" and in "Suddenly in the Summer last year ". There is an anecdote in which Taylor is supposed to ask John Gielgud to teach her to play Shakespeare, to which he said, "if you teach me to play Tennessee Williams." If Gielgud had seen Boom, he would have kept his tongue. Taylor has simply never been worse, turning to an induction performance. Despite the fact that her photo is good, she is decisive. Apart from the physical decline, she will then lose credibility as a serious actress with a whole range of roles completely forgotten (and worse) for her credit. The same can be said about Burton. Following his short theater, he earned fame and fortune at Hollywood. But the body of his work at this time (1968) would be unimaginable to say the least. Noel Coward has long ceased to be a theater force where his salon comedies have been replaced by Williams likes and the "furious young" British. He seems to enjoy himself in the camp, but he can barely manage to amuse himself from the man who claimed such a talent. The only member who retains her dignity is young Joanna Shimkus, who in a few years would give up a promising career of the screen to become Ms. Sidney Poitier. "Boom" returns to self-indulgence; it simply has no control. A rather sad career pointer went rather than a fun fest at the camp, as some have suggested.
