It's a bad season for Bollywood, with all the big shows, with a massive surround hype that turns out to be duds at the box office. London Dreams is no exception. Let's dissect it ... It's about hunting your dreams and how far you will get to touch it. Sounds impressive? But, unfortunately, the movie is not. Arjun (Ajay Devgan) is an aspiring musician who wants to make a sea one day. His dream is to participate in the Wembley stadium, in front of a 90,000 audience who calls his name. He is joined by two brothers, Zoheb & Wasim (Aditya Roy & Ranvijay's debutants) and a coveted Priya (Asin). Together they form their dream band "London Dreams". After impressing the head of a record company, they become sensations overnight. Arjun is secretly in love with Priya, whom he does not want to reveal until he accomplishes his goal. Arjun is now bringing his childhood boyfriend, Manjit Khosla alias Mannu (Salman Khan), a guy flirting who has no ambitions in life to join their band. Mannu is a trained musician and a real talent, for which Arjun later becomes envious of Mannu's superior skills and his affair with Priya. Arjun, with Zoheb's help, intends to kill Mannu. What happens next is the rest of the movies. Coming to the technical aspects, we just feel the shadow of Vip Amritlal Sha, which we admired in Namaste London. He felt he was watching the script. To shorten it, a glorified cameraman. Suresh Nair's script bore even if he has moments. Defined in a predictable manner, the script has rushed you. Room work was great in capturing the beauty of London. It's the only part of entertainment while watching songs. Some songs are humiliating, while others are noisy. Ajay was the one who stole the show with its negative character. Salman is monotonous and bothers you. Asin is forgetful and I do not think he will make it big in Bollywood. Aditya Roy is impressive, while Ranvijay is strictly OK. Brinda as a bitch is what I've seen in countless movies. Stamps are underway in procedures. I do not want to write about defects because it will be a Herculean task. Finally, let me say it is simple and straightforward, London Dreams is a soulless movie that you can enjoy better on DVD.
