London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustrating film of fools about crazy people. It's a kind of movie whose central conflict could be resolved instantly if the characters in question simply sat down and had a conversation. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop performer, obsessed with performance before a lot of applause at the Wembley Stadium in London. He becomes jealous of his best friend and band, Manu, sung by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than himself, but he is almost neither focused nor ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when his popularity threatens to master his own situation. Now, here it could have helped a heart-in-heart. If Arjun had explained what this Wembley fixation meant, Manu would have withdrawn gracefully and would have left Arjun to fulfill his childhood dream, and would have been spared of agony to pursue the rest of this inanimate motion. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are unable to give us any favor. London Dreams is full of unusually hilarious stones, such as the story of Arjun's grandfather's back, who suicide from shame to get a scene fear at a Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous incident from a show in which Manu has to assume vocal responsibilities after a confetti explosion basically gives Arjun silently. The idiom, however, does not end there. In his attempts to publicly shame Manu, Arjun uses his ties to attract Manu for drugs. A candy group urges Manu to take a few tequila shots but replaces the salt with cocaine. Before he knew, Manu gained enough appetite for the white powder of addiction, practically descending it as a supper. If it's not stupid enough, there's a brutal scene later, where Manu follows the girl to find out who's getting orders. The pursuit ends in a dark alley in London, where the little girl falls to her knees, pretending to make misfortune to mislead Manu's girlfriend, who secretly pursued them. Wait, there are more! Expect to drink hysterically when Arjun removes his belt and whispered unintentionally to banish all the thoughts of romanticism or lust for Asian's dancer Priya, because nobody and no one should distract him from his goals music. Too generously inspired by Amadeus from Milos Forman for the merit to be compared to Rock On! Last year, the latest version of Vipul Shah is a clunky melodrama that is as straight as it is written. The movie goes for wide humor, top-tune emotions, and actually chooses a loud voice for subtlety. This works for Manu's character, with Salman Khan playing him hard and loving, but in Arjun's case, Ajay Devgan goes off too passively with performance that is more internalized. When Arjun touches the boiling point, however, it results in an unmistakable scene in which he lists a witty concert hall with plastic glasses as a punishment. From the remaining piece, there is no word to say about Asin, which has really ignited Ghajini with her ebullient charm, but disappoints here with superfluous over-acting in a novel role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to simple sidekicks from the tape, appear at regular intervals, usually to say a new dialogue, such as: "We'll rotate the bitch!" For his slim and shrill writings, London Dreams is finally a tedious watch. If necessary, watch him for Salman Khan, who turned the bouquet into a bonafide style of action. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad and sad movie.
