When this movie was first introduced to television, I had great hopes that finally I would have a decent film about World War I, as experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately, this is not. It should have been a good film about the First World War. Even though it was made for television, it is obvious that a real effort has been made to use proper equipment and props. But writing and direction are missing, even though the producers of this film have obviously freely borrowed from some well-executed war films. The wars of war films abound, such as the arrogant general who apparently does not care about a flip about his people's lives. When Hollywood will realize that, although there were a lot of bad generals, most combat generals saw a lot of fighting and are not naive about the average experience? The first part of this film was "Glory Path" with American uniforms. Except that "Glory Paths" collapsed emotionally. Later there was a task of Chamberlain (except the hill) from Gettysburg and even capture the American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers in The Thin Red Line. But in the "thin red line," the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this movie a ring is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. If this film used a military adviser, they ignored it. Even if the actors (and I could never forget they were actors while watching), they told me military tactics, I did not see too much. US soldiers would rise to be shot while the Germans attacked. And Troieni de Storm, who were apparently blind, seemed to use no tactic in their attack. In the real war, tactics were what made storm troops so effective. But the worst scene was Germany's flame attack. In this scene, the German flame operators entered a broad line towards the defending Americans. If it were true, he would never have gotten enough to use his flames before he got rid of the bullets of the defenders. Okay, so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to tactics shown. But it is still disappointing. But what really transformed me into this movie was a typical anti-military war type that movie makers seem to think is important. True, the war is hell. But most American soldiers, even if they cough and pile up, tend to believe in what they do and can rather be gung-ho. My grandfather served in the First World War. And even if he died four years before he was born, I was told how proud he was at work.
