The movies with child's actors were put on the back leg from the very beginning. While there are some exceptions, most children just can not act and even those who can normally become annoying after a few minutes. The children in Paperhouse have been able to capture the worst of both worlds, because they are both very annoying and do not have an ounce of ability to act among themselves. In short; are garbage. This is not good as they are the rulers, and especially it is not good when you consider it virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the garbage. It is a shame that this film is a loss so serious that the plot is not (not complete). There follows a young woman who, after drawing a picture of her home in her book, wakes up in the fantastic world she has created. It soon becomes obvious that she can manipulate this world through her drawings and thus sets herself up to make various changes until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare. Oh dear. As you can see, this plot line provides a great base for a great fantasy movie. However, it is scattered through a series of fatal defects. First of all, despite the fact that the premise is an excellent premise for a lot of inventiveness; the movie is extremely old. The central plot is hard to play at all, and the result is a very boring experience. Lack of tension is another staggering flaw in the movie, as it seems appropriate to pull each sequence to a point you are not more interested in (due to the lack of ideas). Thank you in part for his leading characters, the movie feels like a movie for kids throughout. This is to be expected as he sees the children, but Bernard Rose should have decided the inclination he wants to put into the story; because the horror of the film is ridiculous at best. The film is also very cheesy, and the "romanticism" between the two causes is extremely resistant and deserves a very painful view. In fact, if I had to enroll this transvestity in one word, I would choose "painful." Paperhouse is low-powered, laughing, very strange and boring overall. Save your pain, see something else.
