The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we will call today a book of a scientific document: rather than calling experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants to believe will recognize that American news reports at that time were also much less regulated than would seem ethical to a modern audience, often incorporating dramatized scenes and passing them in the form of current news. Add to this propaganda that director Hippler "preached to the convert," not so much urging Europeans to hate the Jews as validating the feelings that many of them must have already had in order to allow the holocaust that followed. The weakest link in the logic of the film is in the analogy of the "rat", in which it explains the behavior of the rats and then adds something to the effect "Well, the Jewish people are so." Similarly, it characterizes the Jewish people as being ugly by showing ugly Jewish people compared to attractive nations; the accompanying leap of faith is that the ugly is evil. The film seems to contradict itself a few times, for example by attacking Western painters describing Old Testament characters as Europeans with open skin; therefore, the text admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is in fact a rooted aspect of Christian culture. Also, the ghettos are willingly living in the dirt infested by roach, despite the alleged treasure they have confiscated, and then looting, saying that the same unwelcome people live in wealth and luxury as they leave the ghetto. Who else? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, Rothschild's House, shows an equally unclear deployment of logic. First of all, the film is denounced as being made by Jews; then it is apparently used by Hippler to check the deception of the Jews (the pretext of poverty by the Jewish ghetto, presented as a means of avoiding taxation, although Rothschild's character is the "rotation" that Jews are excessively taxed); eventually, the Rothschild movie is once again executed to suggest that the renowned bank family invented the verification account. This apparent indecisiveness in terms of the positive or negative aspect of American imagery could become clearer with repeated views, but at first sight it makes some filming amazing. For all the Eternal Eternal imperfections, I was first surprised that the IMDb rating for this movie is as great as it would be, just shy of a "5" to date. I would say that the reason is that EJ's documentary value exceeded the original purpose, giving us, unintentionally, a look into the life of European Jews, because they will not be seen for a few years. Needless to say that the film is also very bad, it also offers a historical perspective on the evil film, or simply bad, as a propaganda tool. At this time, I should have expected director Hippler to change his mind once again before saying, "That's what I wanted to do all the time!" The scenes describing the slaughter of the animals are particularly frightening and look as inhuman, contrary to Kosher's intention to prevent the suffering of the animals. I would like for someone who saw the movie and is aware of these procedures to comment if the image is accurate.
