In Chute of Maison Usher or the fall of the Usher House, as is well known among the English audience, he starts with Allan (Charles Lamy) heading for Castle of his good friend, Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt), who sent him a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is ill. Once, Allan learns that Madeleine is very sick, and her husband, Roderick, was determined and almost obsessed to paint his portrait. As Roderick paints, Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker, almost as if the image is subdued, Allan tries to help his friend, but the tragedy hits soon ... This French production was co-written, produced and directed by Jean Epstein & was the second of two filmed The Fall of the House of Usher adaptations in 1928, sincerely do not know the original novel was published in 1839, I mean wait 89 years for a film adaptation & two come in same time! Anyway, I feel I have a problem here because I read a lot of positive comments about La Chute from Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the kind of person to write a comment about it, but I have to say that simply did not do anything to me. I did not like it, obviously the first thing I have to say is that this is a silent film and therefore relies on imaging, but even so I thought the story was poor, I was thinking, on the whole, that the movie was boring and boring takes only an hour and did nothing for me at all. Chase from Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago, and that's literally a life, the world, the cinema and the tastes have moved a lot since then and I have not found any joy in this movie. I feel that this movie gave bad data and probably was not so good to start anyway. I never felt any of the characters, I never cared about what happened and I realized it was pretty tiring to stay, I'm sorry if I offend any fans of the silent movie there, but that's how I felt . <br /> <br /> Epstein Director makes a job OK, a lot of people throw on the pictures in La Chute at Maison Usher & we will freely admit that it's definitely moments, but I thought they are few and far. I did not like the music and the version I saw in her original French insertion books that were reported by a guy with the greatest French accent that was also off putting. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that this is very much like one or two basic elements, pasted with the fantastic Roger Corman by Usher, starring Vincent Price. when it was made. You just can not say about acting like no one ever talked about, even though the movie is full of unnaturally exaggerated movements to try and suggest emotions or to reflect what is happening and that works to some extent but after a while looks just a little. br> La Chute from Maison Usher will appeal to those who want a past era who live in caves or who are stuck in the past for me I like my films have a story, do not get bored and sound "I'm sorry if that last statement makes me sound like an idiot idiot, but that's how I feel. The world moved from 1928 to the good.
