This is a confusing film. <br /> <br /> The beauty of sexual relations between men and women is shown to be degraded by a group of men and women who can only be described as a collection of crashes and mistakes. <br /> <br /> Greenaway recognizes his inspiration for Fellini's "8 1/2" film, but while Fellini is the titan of world cinema, Greenaway is not. He does not even have a slight touch on the master, nor his ability to convey feelings and emotions with a talent of clarity. He is pretentious, the film being divided into chapters with a written introduction to each, as if the viewer has to be guided in the film, except that the written notes remain only on the screen for a few seconds, not long enough to be read by with the result that they are largely ignored. As for women, only two can be described as viewers, Palmira, played by Polly Walker and Giaconda as interpreted by Natacha Amal. The rest of the sliding with habit. Both women and men retreat from the harsh light of reality in the nuances of fantasy. Greenaway wants to understand that sexual fantasy does not lead to happiness. Women themselves are depressing because they are doing their services in exchange for money. Relations between men and women are disadvantaged in a commercial transaction. There is no sense of joy, happiness or love in the movie, indeed, there are some scenes that are profoundly unpleasant: The suggestion of an incestuous relationship between father and son, Philip and Storey Emmental played by John Standing and Matthew Delamere. Doubtful non-observance of both men Giaconda's baby actually actually becomes pregnant twice, the first fetch is interrupted and the second time, is sent to a destination chosen by men from a flight card. Both men have sex with a woman who has no legs (half the woman in the title). Beastiality that exists between Beryl, played by Amanda Plummer, with a pig called Hortense. Father and son share women among them. Women enjoy sexually beaten. The father who was sleeping with his dead wife's body. With pity, none of these scenes are shown sexually, but only suggested. The suggestive degradation of women is such that there is no wonder that the film was overwhelmed when it was first released at Cannes. What is most extraordinary is that the film's actresses aligned themselves to defend it, pointing out once again that there is no limit to the naivety of women and that women will be tricked to be exploited by humans. <br /> <br /> Greenaway's directorial style is pretentious, it is a triumph of style on the substance, a representation of the film as art accompanied by abandoning common sense. Greenaway tries to achieve the sublimity of surrealism, but manages to trivialize human relationships.
