Jean Seberg did not have a single jot of talent. Like all of her films, "Bonjour tristesse" does not suffer at all from her appearance (though she is probably the first of those modern women whom Tom Wolfe gently shows gently as "boys with breasts": publicists, of course, use the word "gamine"), but it suffers gravely from Seber's stunning, monotonous, murderous voice. In all of her films when she had to play anger, Seberg played it with great audibility, distraction, panting in her throat between her monotonic verbs. Oy. Preminger's adaptation to Françoise Sagan's fantastic fantastic fantasy plot is remarkable only for his lively cinema - but then it is difficult to fan on the photogenic French Riviera and perhaps for the but certainly not innovative white employment black for today's scenes, of which Seberg's monotonous story brings us to the past of bright colors. Juliette Greco has a short moment as a nightclub chanting in the light of the black and white reflectors, offering in the voice of Dietrichesque the anger the existentialistic voice of the title song. This moment is nowadays, in retrospect, more than a small wire. Except, of course, if you are French - especially if you are a French young man who aspires to the glorious days of the barricades around the Sorbonne - and your children rebel against the sake of life that has corrupted France's economy: then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all these arcane and irrelevant theorists. David Niven has the hardest part, he must play with enough taste, an elderly hedonist who still does not have to understand that life is not "all about Sagan's teenybopper notions about hip, cool, swingin, mon copa! "Pope Deborah Kerr offers her usual and professional presence, convincingly playing the woman who suffers the jealous jealousy of Seberg (fulfilling Sagan's teenage fantasy about the classical theme of" there can only be a white queen in the hive " ), in fact, Kerr belongs to the only wonderful and memorable moment on the screen - the dialogue is unnatural - I agree with a previous commentator who said he seems to be "translated" from French, combine unnatural scripts with Seberon's incomparably dull, monotone impossible to cheat and save that Valium for another night.However, the post-production voice dubbing, which is synchronized, is, almost entirely, obviously, and therefore much more than irchimous: this is especially true of the doubling of Mylène Demongeot, because she is viewing her blonde, otherwise very enjoyable performance. Hunky Geoffrey Horne receives the short end of the stick here - a very good young man, who also suffered a less than wonderful, non-cinematic voice that, when coupled with Seberg's drones, gives rise to unconvincing love scenes for the puppy. (Horne was, quite rightly, in the "Kwai River Bridge" perhaps because its end was held by those great movie professionals William Holden and Jack Hawkins, instead of being supported by Seberg,> <br /> In conclusion, "Bonjour tristesse" is pretty nice to look at, but it is superficial, immature soap: a thin cloud of foam.
