It's obvious that the people who made "Dead At The Box Office" love the horror of film B. Visual visuals about the genre are full of inventory characters (the authority that does not think the monstrous invasion really happens) to Kevin Smith's style talks , to play the last moments of Duane Jones from "The Living Dead Night" but twice. Unfortunately, it takes much more than love to make a good movie. The choice of scenario and shot is unexpected and unimaginable. While a common warning in the shooting school is to avoid "Mastershot Theater," telling the story completely in a wide array of master, here we find the obverse that in several sequences it's hard to figure out space relationships between characters as they do says in the story a series of medium-sized photos without any chance of setting up to tie them together. Editing is unusual and basic and sometimes there are unreasonable discounts. The light is flat and sometimes dirty, making it difficult to discover the scenes in the dark theater (was it lit or just light available?). Some photos are out of focus. The dialogue is sad and the performance, for the most part, is a single note (Isaiah Robinson shows an energetic and screen presence like Curtis, and the co-star who plays the projector has some nice, lean lines, Michael Allen Williams as a theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic film, geek Eric, have some nice moments). The premise is stupid, even for a horror hit B. (It's also bad that Dr. Eisner did not know about Project Paperclip - he could have saved a lot of problems!). "Zombies" are not threatening, and their makeup is unconvincing (though the usual zombie trying to pull a gumball out of the car raises a smile). For a movie with zombie fans, there is very little blood or violence, although what is being treated is pretty good. Invalid music, while unevenly stylistically, is sometimes pretty and there are some beneficial effects. The Time Warp parody was an obedient fun, though the pictures that were going along with it were less fun to look at. Unfortunately, the loop dialog sounds smooth. Was this unsynchronized synchronization (questionable, apparently done via video)? I watched Lloyd Kaufman's introduction from Troma Films before the main feature - although it essentially consisted of the fact that Kaufman connected his own stuff and admitted that he had not seen the movie while someone injured in a Toxie mask , more than "Dead ..." (aside for those who put the DVD together - the inverse count on the film leader is only heard on frame 2, not every number plus one after). In fact, vampire movie viewers who are seen at the beginning of "Dead ..." have shown much more fun than that. Recommendation to avoid, unless you know someone involved in production or you are an ardent Lloyd Kaufman completist (he plays "Kaufman the Minion" in film-in-a-movie). my girlfriend is an extra in this movie. I swear I did not color my opinion.)
