An answer to the previous comments made by residents of the region in which this film was shot: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View amusement park led to a slowdown in surrounding neighborhoods. It's simply not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses Ocean View, the main traffic route has gone through the heart of Ocean View. Once the interstate has been completed, Ocean View has quickly become a phantom city where companies are closing down and an increase in crime. This has led to a huge revenue cut for the park, which is also facing a new competition near Williamsburg's Busch Gardens. Meanwhile, in recent years, Norfolk has done a remarkable job of promoting refurbishment, so the area has become a sought-after location for building high-quality housing. it was said that the roller coaster destruction film was used in the Rollercoaster movie. This is also untrue. The picture was shot by two coaster cars clinging to the film, but real explosions and collapse are exclusive to "Death of Ocean View Park". As far as the film itself is concerned, the story of a "supernatural" force in the waters adjacent to the park was certainly foolish, but somewhat typical of the B-grade films ever since. With the song involved, it is no surprise that the landscape was reddish in almost every scene by the primary actors. I do not think this movie was meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I think Playboy has experienced a new non-nude format to determine if this is a domain in which the company expands (apparently not!). A strange force in the water that caused strange events in an old amusement park probably sounded good at the conference table, but it turned out to be impossible to execute. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were destined, anyway, to the destruction ball; "to come up with a strange way to justify an explosive death!" For casual, it would be a "see and forget" movie (except Diana Canova fans); but for the thousands of people who live in the region and who have beautiful memories of the park, this film is like a "walk down the lane" for park pictures as well as old pictures in downtown Norfolk, the first "Harborfest" and University Old Dominion. Even a limited release of this movie on DVD is welcome.
