An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has one night stand with his boss wife (Isabelle Huppert). She attracts a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) being attacked outside, but she can not call the cops because she was married to Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So, Guttenberg, an honest citizen, when she discovers that another woman has been attacked and murdered nearby only half an hour later, comes and claims to witness the first attack, intending only to pass on the information given to Huppert. Well, never bring false witnesses against your neighbor, as they say. This simple attempt to help the police make him a killer turns quickly twisted. When she meets the first close victim, McGovern, she immediately overthrows what happened, but she agrees to keep silent for the moment. But then Guttenberg is in court, having to identify the heavyweights (Greenquist) and discover, by cross-analysis, that he is close to sight and can not identify objects at a distance, not to mention the faces. (Not that it matters because, after all, he never saw the creep in the first place.) Crying is basically a labyrinth. Guttenberg blows the suspect when Huppert is killed too. He almost escapes arrest and holes with now-sympathetic McGovern. Guttenberg and McGovern draw a plan to catch the killer. It will serve as a bait. He will follow the vagabond into one of his haunts, and McGovern will act as the doxin to which the killer is attracted, just to make him try to kill her. But it will be all right because not only will Guttenberg watch it closely and not only warn the police a few minutes after he goes into this diving but he will keep a handy box at hand - just in case. I ask you, alert viewer, this scenario unfolds as planned? Elizabeth McGovern has an interesting bone structure. Sometimes it sounds like a small jaw and small mouth, but it's vibrant. Steve Guttenberg has his hair on his arm and that's about him. Otherwise, he is just as helpless as the character he is playing. If Isabelle Huppert can act, it's not obvious in this movie. The killer is so formed and so cared that he seems to wear a deformation mask in the Twilight Zone episode on greedy heirs. Did the director, Curtis Hanson, fail to make "Confidential"? It was a good work. Here, everything seems strange and controversial, to the small parts. Just before the inevitable violence culmination, a uniformed police officer is introduced to delay McGovern's rescue and the scene is embarrassing to look. Dick Olsen has a small part as a late buyer. He's a clean and always trustworthy guy. Paul Shenar, as a hubby knife, has a striking face that seems to be done for the scene and does a good job. That community in which McGovern drew the attention of the killer, a few hairy monkeys, was shot at a bar in Carolina Beach in North Carolina, not far from where we lived. The way the interior is arranged, it is clear that this should be a dirty and dirty dive. In fact, it appears more elegant on the screen than in reality. Generally, this is Hitchcock's territory and tears of eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story.
