It is often said that Tobe Hooper has just struck his luck with his terrible 1974 film "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and every time I see another Hooper movie - that vision is only reinforced. Apparently, Hooper wanted to make his own movie version, such as Scanners and Firestarter in 1990, and so we get to Spontaneous Combustion; a movie with some good ideas and a whole load of more, borrowed from other films. Put them all together and you get a dirty and boring movie that most people would do well to miss! The film leads the public to believe it could be half decent at first, with an intriguing back story that focuses on experiments conducted on two young people in the fifties. The couple has a baby and shortly afterwards they burn to death as a result of the experiments they have done. A few years ago, the baby is now an adult named Sam; but, of course, he is not a normal person and soon finds out when he finds he has the ability to set things on fire at will. The film sees Brad Dourif, who must have seemed a good choice for his success with Play's Child two years earlier; but it was actually an uninspired decision because the central performance is really terrible; and was not helped by the terrible support show. The turgid direction and the boring scenario also do not make the film a lot of favors, and the trend of lack of favors is continued by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing on the films that it ruins; all of which were done a few years earlier. The plot is very slow and it's almost an hour before something happens, and I did not care even then. Soon it becomes evident in which direction the movie will enter and everything will be reduced to the tedious ending that you would expect. The final confrontation is a great disappointment and nothing is explained during the movie. Not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway. Generally, this is a garbage film and another reason why Tobe Hooper is a long way to being a great horror director. See Firestarter again.
