Bizarre Exercise Tobe Hooper on an Unfortunate Young (Brad Dourif) with the ability to hit people. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They die of Spontaneous Human Combustion and it seems that what Sam begins to suffer because of these pills, Lisa (Cynthia Bain), gives her to take for the tough migraines. In fact, Lisa was told to manipulate Sam into taking the pills by Lew Orlander (William Prince), almost the father of the young man who raised him from a child. Lew has benevolent plans ... sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted this and would do whatever it takes to keep those responsible for his condition. As the movie goes, Sam's blood grows slowly, toxic, green in color instead of red. It turns out that water and other fire-retardants often react quite the opposite when Sam's uncontrollable flame burst. Come to find that Lisa has the condition of Sam, whose parents die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone that Sam has known for some time as a physician, is to introduce toxic green liquid into their body, I suppose they increase the flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, who has a brilliant accent inside and out) was the friend and associate of Sam's parents in the experiments of the 1950s who are trying to talk about what's going on. And, Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife, who can work against his ex-husband with Lew and Marsh at him and the bad Lisa. <br /> <br /> Quite a little strange horror movie, filled with some pretty awful flames effects. Dourif attempts to bring an element and a tragic intensity to his character, whose difficulty continues to look at, his body becoming slowly scattered by toxins, and fire often ignites from its holes. There is a big hole in his arm, which shakes the flame like a volcano and a massive burning place on the hand that increases in size over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, portraying a crude electric engineer, tries to inform Sam to shut down, because the radio program he calls at night sounds a victim of SHC. Flick never works because it is so uneven, with a sudden, ridiculous final, in which Sam offers to free Lisa from her fire, taking her away from her.
