Only the title (along with the poster) is enough to give the "Designed Man" as an obvious replay of "Fly". And Bryant Haliday, though much better than the usual IMDb review would have thought you, is not the notion of anyone about an acceptable stand-in for Vincent Price. Although, come to think about it, who would it be if Micheal Gough was not available? However, if you are looking to watch a British movie "Hammer" with a science fiction about a teleportation experiment that was badly terrible ... well, yet you would want to give the "Designed Man" a passage and a rum around in the "left" trash bin from local Wal-Mart for another teleporter accident. Because this is not all that good. Haliday has got a lot of good ribbons from the MST3K crew for his role in this movie and in the "Devil Doll," but he is actually the best thing in the TPM. Maybe he can not wear the movie, but practically he does not have any help from the script. The scenario hinders any impulses that the plot may have in a horror of nonsense about university funding and politics, and a guy named Lembach and some sinister cabinets who want the teleporting machine to fail so they can steal their secrets. . or something like that. So, all of the dramatic sequences in the first half of the movie involve either phone calls or unconvincing special effects, with transparent espresso machines and teleport rats. When poor Haliday is mutilated by his car, he has to spend the last part of the movie, wearing a diaper over his face and rubber cement over the rest, while he electrocuted different Londoners who have a chance on his way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts, using bullhorns, could not have done this script. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors are trying to inject life and interest into their roles for this turgid small project, but the script just swallows their whole efforts. The corrupt project manager worries and smokes and whistles in the phone to his blacksmiths, though he does not notice that he looks like a werewolf equipped in a tweed suit and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing love story in the history of British horror cinema. His secretary is forced to parade around her in her "wonderful". None of them really work or gels in a real movie. And everything stops dead, letting the viewer go, "Eh? Excuse me, should not it have been a ENDING here?" However, for all its problems, I can easily name a dozen horror films of the same period that were just as bad or worse, and whoever would watch movies (or who ever sailed on IMDb "Bottom 100"). I would not pay you money to own the "designed man," but if it had been included in a compilation with other dozens of movies in a DVD collection, I probably felt fine. It's a harmless deviation, perfect for a horror film festival, to watch with friends while drinking a lot of beers and snacks on a Saturday night.
