Professor Paul Steiner is doing research on substance transfer. He developed a machine that he can use to make an object such as a wrist watch or a rodent disappear just to re-materialize in another location. But there are those from his research institution who do not like or do not approve of his experiences and will do whatever it takes to see that he fails. After an unsuccessful demonstration that could save his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his car. As expected, things go badly wrong, and he is transformed into a highly frightened madman, whose simple touch will kill. At the last minute, maybe it was not such a good idea to watch The Projected Man again that same week I watched The Fly, Return of the Fly and The Fly Curse. There seems to be just so many films about the transfer of matter and the potentially horrific effects that a human being can have on a human being that has to endure in a period of three or four days. I'm not sure who is responsible for the list of movies as source material for The Projected Man, but much of it is so similar to Fly movies that it can not be a coincidence. However, The Projected Man is not even as good as the worst of the Fly trilogy. In addition to being terribly non-original, The Projected Man has several other issues that even hurt the joy of the movie. A big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday at the forefront. It's a horse's ass that not only does not care about his suffering but the root. Supporting cast cast members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so gentle and dull that it does not really matter. In fact, there are very few things to be delighted when watching The Projected Man. Sound track? not very memorable. Aspect "I would describe much of it as" muddy. "The predictable plot - there is no action - it is generally avoided, fortunately, I watched The Projected Man through a a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000. While it's not absolute, the more often the poorer the movie is, the better the MST3K kicks in. The guys hit almost all of their signs with The Projected Man. a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
