Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and his alleged new adventures after moving to LA for work purposes (football player Hubby David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Real Madrid) was originally a complete series but was pleased to abbreviate to just one hour or so. But even in this form, it is still called endless. Like all reality TV shows, most of the incident is found to be a false counterfeit, with the program itself recognizing that Posh's newly-called personal listening is an actress. Look at a ugly-Betty, hearing some rumors written and interpreted at first (with an obvious joke about Becks's seemingly appealing appearance, with an earlier and more charming adventure, Rebecca Loos, not mentioned) with additional sequences which involves a fake doll to fool paparazzi and hopeless attempts to make a baseball. This could have been more fun if everyone had admitted it was a piece of fluff, and had a resent or impersonating act in the lead role. Impressed impressionist Ronni Ancona would have been perfect, and it would be better to be Posh than Posh himself, and if this more sensible decision had been taken, much more fun and fun would follow. I really stayed here (Mrs. Ancona may have dismissed the script as being too weak anyway) and, although there are scattered attempts scattered by self and irony, it never works remotely due to previous information about La Beckham's considerable wealth and lack of the ability to offer jokes, despite the intentions of expressing her image, Mrs. Beckham meets like a superficial egoist, and her weak ones do not convince us she has any self-mood. I suspect that if a more realistic documentary approach was taken, for example Posh, who went to any LA street and was totally ignored (instead of frenetic scenes in the scene of light hysteria here) and associates making unreadable jibs about it it is Mrs. Loos, it would have made a better marginal television, but as a Siphonic type PR, she would never allow such events to happen. Having said that, the subsequent scenes in which she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium, where she was indifferently presented to an uninteresting crowd, would be a difficult time forward if she wanted to do it at Hollywood. His colleague Scary Spice (alias Mel Brown) also found it impossible to be big in the capital, despite his business (which was not perfect) with great name Eddie Murphy. Spice Girls were, of course, a massive mass bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s, more so in their native Britain, yet popular in short in other countries, including the United States. They were certainly fun at their peak of glory (1997) when there seems to be a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and New Government Labor that Spice Girls seem Ed to sum up better then anyone else at the time even though they were somewhat produced.But they were never remarkable musicals or singing talents, and British optimism seemed to fade quickly later that year (the starting point was undoubtedly the tragic death of Princess Diana), as they did their own presence on the musical and entertainment scene, and if everyone moved slowly from the public eye with dignity to enjoy their possessions then we would have had all the pleasant memories encrypted on our mind without no guilt. Unfortunately, the emergence of the hideous "celebrity" culture in the UK since the beginning of the millennium has paid for these fantasies, and m, if not millions of stories suffered all about Spice being, Posh being the worst offense, the rest of his colleagues not too long behind. It was recently announced that a reunion tournament will take place soon, which is tangled because it has never left and they certainly do not require additions to their bank swelling accounts.Maybe is because two of them are fighting single mothers, may be? <br /> <br /> Well, it is soon time for Becks' adventures on a next revelatory documentary, I can not wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 of 10.
