I tend to love everything that has ever been the great president Paul Naschy (R.I.P.). While not all the Naschy movies are great, they all have a specific charm that can not be found anywhere, but in the Naschy movies and they are always fun. However, there is no rule, except for "El Mariscal Del Infierno", for example. "Devil's Possessed" (1974) demonstrates. While the film has the specific Naschyflick charm, it draws sadly too much and becomes really dull between them. Naschy is in the position of evil baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought alongside Gilles De Lancré against the British, finds out about the baron's evil behavior, he decides to turn against his ex-comrade in arms and to help people free themselves from the tyranny of the baron Satanic ... directed by León Klimovsky, who is best known for Naschy's direction in "The Werewolf Vs The Vampire Woman" (1971), the film was written by Naschy se. Naschy has often scripted his own films, and we have to say that he has done the most of a better, more original job than is the case here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is largely built as a historical adventure, rather than a horror movie, and it becomes quite boring all year round. It often resembles the Sword and Sandal films of the 1950s, but this film is set in medieval times. The satanic part was probably added just because the name of the great Paul Naschy is related to Horror. The film has some good parts: Paul Naschy offering strange speeches, Paul Naschy looking strangely, Paul Naschy doing satanic things, Paul Naschy torturing innocent victims, etc. But, unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the boring hero and the good guys; these moments are boring. Female casting members are nice to look at, but, unlike most Naschy films, it does not have nudity and sleaze. There are some gore, but it mostly looks clumsy and is not as fun too forget as it does with most other Naschy movies. On the whole, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" just deserves to look at my enthusiastic colleagues Naschy. There are dozens of Spanish star horror films that should be seen before, such as "El Jorobado de La Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" Woman, 1973), "El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "(1973)," Latidos de Panico "(1983)," Rojo Sangre "(2004) from the" Waldemar Daninsky "werewolf films, RIP Paul Naschy, Legends Never Die!
