It is quite clear that the director and the production crew proposed to paint a less flattering picture of the Palestinian girl and her family. The movie and its site are trying to show that Ayat has a secret motive to blow on her and Rachel - a problem with a friend - maybe a task. Briefly, Ayat felt only a witness to the death of a friend close to the Israelis' hand - right in front of the house. God, why a young, pretty, intelligent girl with a college plans to go out and do something on earth? Could it be that the hormonal, emotional teenager was traumatized when she saw seeing someone she loved before her eyes? This detail deserves 5 seconds in the movie. Another worried detail is that Avigail Levy, Rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building where the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). One obviously has the impression that she offers this as a "concession" - Mrs. Akhras would agree to talk to her. "Why should I do that?" (since the movie was made the house was destroyed - apparently the interview did not lead to what it wanted - bring it on bulldozers). Ms. Levy claimed that she "wanted the film to be cathartic, as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to transcend hatred" - instead she uses it as an excuse to harass Ayats' mother, while Hang the house like a carrot. Moreover, although the two women live just 4 miles away, the reality of the occupation for her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks Mrs. Akhras can give up for a cup of coffee? Please. And she gave up the only chance she has to meet Mrs. Akhras in person and see what kind of life (the Akras family originally came from Jaffa but now lives in a refugee camp only 4 miles from the place where Levs live in comparatively luxurious. Any sympathy I would have for the good to do, Ms. Levy is dissolved by her self-righteous bitchiness air. By contrast, Mother Ayats moves as good, open and loving - despite the efforts of the post-production crew to paint it like monsters. Heck even the music and sound design was one of the faces - I think muezzin sings ALL DAYS every day, 4 miles from the Levy family home, always on a very controversial issue from the poor little music that you write this apology for a documentary. There is also a small translation problem - Ms Levy addresses directly English photo photo when he has something to say before time, Hebrew when he does not. Ms. Akhras spoke only in Arabic, sometimes receiving a TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLITER, always unpleasant and very suspicious of an objectively imagined film. They also "sweat" them under the light, while Ms. Levy stood in comfort with air conditioning. editing for Ms. Akhras' segments. I gave her a second because I loved my mom and dad Ayats, who looked like good people. Shame on HBO, producers and director, to release such a bomb.
