When I first came to My Thanksgiving, I checked my watch to see how long the movie was. I was greatly amazed. Both animation and horror films share a common point: the attention of the selected audience, which should be about 90 minutes. Moreover, you will lose most of your audience. This 110 minutes, or 20 minutes after her first one, was a big problem for me. I would like to say that half of this movie could have been edited, but I would be too generous to say that. Go and watch it and tell me how many scenarios could have been edited, even without being an important movie. Regardless of the visit that was overcome, the film was below average. He spent all the time trying to be this huge mystery that the "elite 10" is killing the remaining friends. For the most part, not only do they overcome it, they increase on one side, and quite a long way, say, "This guy! You will spend more time cheating on the camera than enjoying the film. I had to laugh from the beginning trying to remember if Melissa Sue Anderson played the character who blinded Little House on Prairie (later research proved that my suspicions are because, until this film, she seemed blind. Strange as an established actress, she should have been the best in the group, but it turned out to be the worst. The rest of the staff, apart from Ann (Bregman) it was pretty bad, but she took the cake.The film starts with a group of ten friends and one is killed immediately off. <br /> <br /> Almost anyone thinks twice about this disappearance of their friends' "lover", so they continue on their cheerful path. Slowly, then faster, there are revelations about Virginia (Anderson), the main character, her past, and her psychologist, who is a little more personal (and apparently 24/7) than most psychiatrists. However, more and more deaths occur. What is funny is, like the first "disappearance," the more "best buds" disappear, much less resting. Sure, they give a few seconds of time to say "Wow, (that person) just would not run away" etc., but then they return to their sexual ways. And talking about it is probably due to the horrible scenario, or maybe I lost interest in 30 minutes, but it was very difficult to keep up with who she liked who in the group, because they all seem to be the next sexual partner or someone either scared apart from MAX by another and best friends next scene. SEE: The creepy guy who held a mouse / rat in his pocket? literally ?? and was the most obvious suspect. I give the movie too much credit (and time), but as it was part of the "elite 10" that I will never know. But, I can handle it, there is a mystery here. Why are these children targeted? Why does Virginia believe she killed someone, when it has never been (to the end) that any of them was actually sacrificed? And why the trailer and the poster would make these crimes "Six of the most bizarre crimes you'll ever see"? Hell, even for 1981, most of them were shown in any of the first two films on Friday, the 13th? coincidentally, Friday, 13th Part 2 was launched 2 weeks to My Birthday. They may have been talking since they had filmed months before, but they were late at the party. When "secrets" are revealed, believe me, you will have to come back 3 -4 times to get the ridiculous and incoherent motives, and even then, put captions on to get all mumbling victims / killer words. Even if you get the first time, it's an incredibly scandalous and hilarious ending. It's almost worth watching the whole movie again, but as a drinking game. This birthday meeting should be avoided. Is it a horrible and illogical scenario script? please know that it takes more rewriting before the role of cameras, it contains either some kind of action or extreme action and is 100% unrealistic about how people react in extraordinary circumstances. Side Note: When I was a kid, or say 10-11 years, I loved the horror movies. (Still, strange, pleasures of definitive guilt, but they are becoming more and more difficult to watch over the years.) We received our first VCR and recorded several horror films on television (or EDITED VERSIONS). Everything I remember about Happy Birthday to Me is getting the last 10 minutes on the box that scared me to death ?? and, of course, he gave away the great mystery of who the murderer was. Even though I've seen other clips of this movie, I think this is the first long-awaited view I've ever had. Fortunately, this terrible movie did not hurt me like a child. I'm older now and I can take these garbage. But never. Note 2: That said the crazy melody "Happy Birthday to Me" played in the final credits (and as a score in full) still amazing. I think this movie (or the last few minutes) had an influence on my childhood. Shame on you, Melissa Sue Anderson!
