Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we were introduced to the 1901 American People's World, this piece of action opens in front of us with "The Stage Manager," a visual narrator if you like it. After its initial introduction, we are heading to the homes of two private families; Webb's and Gibb's This is certainly the middle America at the beginning of the century and the progressive lifestyle of the American dream and its saccharine tones that may seem a bit biased in this city dream. Here we see the daily life of some 2642 people in Grover's Corners in New Hampshire, even if there are Polish migrant workers adding up to 500 more digits, they never get a look. > <br /> Once the daily life of these families has been introduced; the second action began three years later, after the young George (a young and unrecognized William Holden, then 22 years old) and Emily fell in love and planned to marry. Inflorescences that flourished, reaching the stars and reaching a turning point in their own lives, from the nest they lived, and now in the anxieties and sorrows of young adults, moved nervously. The third act is something more sophisticated and transcendent, in this act the cinematic intentions are manifested, here we are not seeing life, not celebration, but death, and in this situation are the dead, returning to come back and reconcile their own past, I am here to remember, to tell us that life and, in every last moment, any precious breath must not be wasted and scattered. In the latter third, own films also seem more obvious, rather as a propaganda propaganda in terms of moral surrender and Central America, and how they should straighten their home and how they should put it in order. It is not just about our "city", it is a moral dictatorship directed at our souls and how can America become better if its peoples "(except Poles, Irish, Native Americans and ethnic minorities" and minorities " in general, plus the backbone of the Americans, who still did not have a proper role in this narrative), such as the middle classes, can rise to the expectations of the American dream through honest and decent living. I was slightly amused by this film, but I felt that his narrative had a stronger impact than anything else that took part in it, though the gentle, musical score or how well or not it was This was the intention of the film to exclude other groups and to include only those of Webb and Gibb in the future of the developing country USA, a good film, but also a slightly biased appearance in his position, I thought. <br /> <br /> Taken from the American play Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this Pulitzer Prize and six Academy Award nominated film was the focal point for the perpetual motion of life and the three main attributes; Life, love and death, celluloid translations are seen as a slight shift in social consciousness. Our city starts with what seems like a lesson in futility, like in other cities, nothing interesting happens here, if anything, this city has only "the right people," you can still leave the door unlocked here, we see life in developing these two families, but their moral and social position is more important than themselves. Our city could have been "Any City" as long as you came from the right side of the city.
