I was attracted to this film, curious to see how they adapted Hubert Shelby's brutal novel. I thought a literary piece of such depth, with a rich tapestry of characters, horrible and social criticism can not translate into a bad movie. I was wrong. This movement is a terrible movie experience, not for its content, but for its form. Director Ulrich Edel performs, in my sincere opinion, a terrible directorial thing that does not make justice for the original book. No wonder Edel is a TV director; this movie looks and feels like a bad movie "made for television". Some of my views on this bomb (** spoilers ahead **): - Lack of executive creativity. The scenes are slow, they feel slow, show poorly shot, and barely move from an anchored position. The only freedom I do is in the movie area with a dark tone. Besides, the film has the same technical creativity as a soap opera. <br /> <br /> - All the actors do a wonderful job in portraying these miserable characters. The problem is that adaptation does not address a basic element in the development of the plot: MOTIVATION. All these characters move around the robots without a clear motivation for their action. Looks like they do blue stuff, like robots, for no reason. Edel does not have the opportunity to enrich the character's development by not exploring the character's motivations and avoiding the full development of the personality of each character. This lack of character development is obvious to the Tralala. Jennifer Jason Leight does an excellent job playing this trashy prostitute, but her decision to let sailors rape her is not explained. It seems extremely bad because we see that this character does this out of the blue. This is a clear example of bad character development. The movie also has many secondary characters that do nothing, do not feel anything, and add nothing to the plot. I would have liked to find out more about Harry's wife, for example, and about the interaction between the two. This is another missed opportunity. Edel only approached the character's development with Harry and his fixation with his gay boyfriend, but only cheated it up without explaining clearly his motivations. Hooligans are also a joke in their lack of development. The soundtrack is one of the worst we've ever experienced. Terrible work by Mark Knopfler. I've been expecting more seriously than the former Dire Straits leader, but his work in this movie is badly missed. Sometimes, as in the battle between union workers and police, music seems completely disconnected from the film. It also feels completely poor and anachronistic; I could swear that the whole soundtrack was made with a Casio toy keyboard. It distracts from the real action. - The adaptation of the book by Desmond Nakano is so literal that it eliminates the point in the story. He feels as though he has tried so much to keep the story of action with action in the book, forgot to develop the characters, and again to explain their actions and motivations. can not recommend this movie, not even a fan of Shelby, because it can ruin the original book. It is a very uninspired effort in adapting the novel and shows very few creative contributions.
