"Fever Pitch" is not a bad movie; is a terrible movie. Is it possible for American audiences and critics to be so deceived and lobotomized by the excuses that Hollywood makes them boast in the sky even a mediocre movie, just laughing? That's the only reason I can think of why this horrible romantic comedy (and I use this term because there's nothing fun in this movie) gets good reviews. I was stunned by this film that the screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel would even think for a moment that their script was funny. Nick Hornby's shine usually translates well into the movie. He adapted "Fever Pitch" for a British film with Colin Firth and Ruth Gemmell in 1997; Peter Hedges found Hornby's voice for "About a Boy" (2002) and when "High Fidelity" was Americanized for a film in 2000, D.V. DeVincentis, Steve Pink, John Cusack and Scott Rosenberg have not been wrong because they have preserved the essence of Hornby's spirit and humor. They made one of the best movies of that year. Why is the American version of "Fever Pitch" so painful? The British version was not a masterpiece, but it was charming, funny, unexpected, and gave us two characters that we could wish, respect and understand. But Ganz and Mandel exclaimed everything funny in Hornby's work. In the americanization of the story, they killed him, eliminating everything that was good and unique about Hornby's work and replacing it with a conventional story. They have transformed a funny story into a formal romantic comedy, never once spinning from the futile formulas. Lindsey (Drew Barrymore) has three girlfriends, each with a distinct function. Someone is overweight, the second is cynical and ambitious, and the third is a romantic one. Want to guess how many male friends Ben (Jimmy Fallon) has? What did "High Fidelity" such fun was not only a good man and lady, but engaging character support. In this "Fever Pitch", the six supportive friends do or do not say anything particularly funny. They are so insignificant, they are not even decorative. The only reason I'm in the movie is that the formula demands it. Poor Ione Skye ends up as Lindsey's friends in a new role. The beautiful Skye must have wanted Lloyd Dobler to come back and take it. Think about it, Cusack would have done an excellent Ben. Of course, Cusack is too smart to attach himself to such an absolutely boring scenario. There is no single solitary moment in this movie, which seems original or unforced. Every turn of the plot is predictable, every telegraphed tear joke. Ganz and Mandel work for laugh. The first 45 minutes are so tense, you wonder if these chapi have realized I'm writing a comedy. You can mark the plot plot in this movie by the clock. It's almost like Ganz and Mandel wrote this with a formula written on the wall. When they reached a certain page, they looked up at the formula and said, "Okay, the guru says this has to happen now." And, still! Directors Bobby and Peter Farrelly do not help the movie. They have no idea how to tell their story and characters (they do not tell VO's story to the protagonist, but to another guy behind Ben in Fenway Park). Due to some strange writings, we have to forget that Barrymore and Fallon are hampered by their initial encounters. Barrymore is more cute and more adorable than most. She is as good at her as Goldie Hawn during the glory. But even her courage can not save this tremendously terrible movie. She is trying hard to ruin some energy and humor of this story. About 30 minutes in the film, Lindsey tells Ben: "You're funny." The only explanation for her remark is that she was in the script. Because Ben Fallon never says anything even distantly funny. Fallon is neither wizard nor funny; when he makes comedy, he is upset. Fallon was never good at Saturday Night Live. Probably the least funny person in the show. Do you remember the sketch of the blade about a DJ who made all the voices? The only reason why "Weekend Update" worked occasionally is because Fallon's cohort, Tina Fey, knows one thing or two about comedy. Actors who think they are fun and behave so rarely, if ever, are actually amusing. It's true about Fallon. He thinks he's atypically funny when he's just picking up a chick. His stunt, crazy by himself, did not work on the small screen; it's worse on the big screen. Unfortunately, for Fallon, his role in this image also requires some dramatic moments. If you think his comedy is bad, wait until you have a lot of dramatic things. Two scenes in particular - the first in a park, the second in front of Ben's school - are painful to look. Scenes require an actor with a dramatic ability, but Fallon has neither the knowledge nor the ability to make them work. His range of emotions does not even run from A to B. <br /> <br /> Ben has no personality or depth. Often, he meets like an oaf. And he's not loving that. I doubt Lindsey would be appealing to him. Compare Fallon's performance with Firth's British version and you will understand how terribly flat, unfortunate and forcible is Fallon's Ben and how wrong it is for this role. Watching Fallon in the movie "Fever Pitch" takes a long time for Ashton Kutcher's dramatic depth and comedy hue! As in High Fidelity, an Americanized "Fever Pitch" could have worked brilliantly. He only needed better writers, more competent executives, and certainly a stronger, more fun and smarter man. Make a huge favor: Avoid this rotten film; rent the British version in 1997 and read Hornby's book.
