There is an interesting discussion in this movie. Is a moral person good enough or do you need anything more? The film preaches that without the guidance of God, being a good moral person is not enough. There is a line at the beginning of the movie: "You and I can look at a person who is morally good, but they both know he will go to hell." While I am not a Christian, discussions about this throughout the film were fascinating, but not the way she intended the movie. I left the movie with a stronger feeling of being morally good enough. The arguments and discussions presented were highly biased so much that they were crushed by the weight of their ignorance. Fanatism can be a powerful thing, especially when it is involved in the minds of the ignorant and needy. Like the character of George Carlin in Dogma said: "Her hook as they are young." The basic premise is also very interesting. A Bible scholar from the 1890s tries to publish a book that says morality without God is fine, as long as morality is significant. Tell a child not to steal? Or do you tell him not to steal because God told you not to? (do not bother to question the fact that he tells the child not to steal, because how would he feel if he stole his marble?) The author, Carlisle, wishes to recommend his school helped to sell the book (to spread the world) . However, it needs a unanimous consensus, and one of the researchers opposes it. He brought, in a very interesting discussion, at the beginning of the film about morality in the name of morality to the argument of God's words. To prove his point of view, he produces a time machine (put in the film just to do the work of the plot that I am good at) and sends Carlisle in 2002 to see where he is teaching morality without God leading us. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> As is obvious, he has his / her opinion and is changed by what he sees and reversed when he returns (because he's back, it's not even a spoiler, it's a bible film after all.) As for the film as a movie itself, it is quite slow and quite badly acted. Something that was not necessary in this film is that it produces two "bad guys" who want to figure out who Carlisle is, even if he did not hurt anyone, commit a crime or anything else. What is wrong with the film that shows only Carlisle's opinion, showing her opinion of this "sinful world" and returning it with a new point of view? There are also some points in the movie that say I'm happy I'm not a Christian or at least someone who says, "It's God or nothing." Three at the end of the movie have bothered me rather. First of all, when the two "bad guys" Carlisle rookie just before jumping, Carlisle does * only * his really despicable act .. he is false as his jump time is the coming of Jesus, and so it is that the "bad guys" (who are also btw, strangely Christian) think they have missed the kidnapping. Second, after Carlisle returns, he finds a boy in which he scolded at the beginning of the movie about not stealing (but without mentioning God, the child held marble and ran away) and told this time when the theft is wrong, because God commands it. Like the Carlin quote above, the scaring of children in religion is a faux pas in my book. Finally, the epilogue. Another scared tactic. Carlisle asks the inventor how far he might go in the future and says he does not know ... the epilogue tells him he's trying to overturn a Bible in the distant future (starting 2100) and fails ... he keeps decreasing the 10th years, and trying again, and by fade-out, he is about 2030 or so. Throughout the movie, Carlise mentions that he felt the end of the world coming, because the world was full of sin and the loss of God's name ... scared tactics have been in use for thousands of years .. you believe in these times enlightened, the church would also be enlightened. I'm glad I saw this movie. While I was pretty sure before it was good enough to be good, now I know it. It is worth watching if you are not a Christian, to say how happy you are not to be as ignorant as the people in this movie.
