I took Time Changer, because it looked like a nice, low-budget, low-budget movie, and I liked it. The description said it has something to do with some biblical and travel things in time, but I did not expect a Christian fundamentalist film! The film had decent special effects and an interesting concern that could have gone places and was much more interesting than it got to be. Our hero, a Bible professor in the 1890s, eventually travels to the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influences of evil - Jesus is not where to find it. This wonderful technological performance is accomplished with the help of a biblical professor who somehow managed to invent a HG-Wells functional time machine. The film begins to lose some credibility at this time, which is unfortunate, as this happens very early in the film. Earlier (or perhaps I can not remember for sure), our hero teacher was seen learning what seemed to be a scientific class, claiming that scientific discoveries could only be validated if they could be matched with what he says bible. What should be obvious to anyone is that this is not clearly what the scientific method means, but it is presented in such a way that filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is useful only if they uphold their claims and otherwise is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly valid and sensitive in the context of the character at that time. So if we accept this as the living thing for these Bible teachers, then obviously the teacher who went and invented the time machine is not a very strong believer, because I do not think there is evidence (and no one was offered) for the journey physics in time in the Bible. So, there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility right there, but it does not matter ... After the teacher is convinced to make the jump in the future, the shock of modern technology has been treated quite well in most cases. Also, it was fun not to set it to exactly one year (as the character reads a newspaper for him, a car gives a horn and scares him not to finish the date: there are only two thousand and .. * honk *). Some shocks have gone too far, though. For example, the car was one of the first things that he encountered when he arrived and about two days later he was invited to a church night and took a stroll with a truck. He squeezes his head out of the window like a dog, is scared by the headlights and starting engine, etc. This seemed a bit smaller than it had been there for a few days to this point, and the city seemed to be quite busy with traffic. In any case, it is easy to ignore. The rest of the technical shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the TV, which was postponed because he did not realize what it was until he saw a child watching one and using a remote control. Unfortunately, our hero begins to preach to almost everyone he meets as if he were an authority over all life and religion just because he is from the past and is an old man. Finally, he becomes a brief moment in the focus of the church he visits, explaining the concept of Christianity to a long monologue that he was supposed to be in motion and wisdom, but especially it was only more much of the same thing. A few church spouses are beginning to have a funny feeling about this guy (the figure) and investigate his name. They eventually come to the conclusion that he is a traveler in time or marches this biblical teacher who has long died and decides to find out who he is. The movie puts these guys like bad guys who are not faithful because they are skeptical. Even before the teacher returns to his time, he faces these two people. In an effort to avoid arrest or removal, he eventually turns into a madness near madness about how Jesus comes soon and that he is a prophet, so he should listen to it . At one point, he went crazy and one of the spouses wondered if this may be the kidnapping he had heard so much. The irony is that in essence this means that the professor has become self-proclaimed and most likely a false prophet who claims to know that the kidnapping was near and that he was sent by God when he was sincerely sent by his teacher bible and did not have any knowledge given by God (which was said or even suggested) br /> <br /> As I understand, Revelation claims that the end time is only for God to know and at the end of the film we see that the inventor teacher tries (and fails) to send a Bible in the future. The first 2080, then 2070, etc., when the scene fades. Clearly, try to determine the exact time of the end time - which you should not know! In essence, the whole premise of the film is canceled because, being so insistent about their religious beliefs and how certain things are for God only to know, means that there could never be a time mechanism, because then mankind finds something what only God ought to know! The whole premise of the movie collapses and makes everything worthless, as it undermines its own credibility in the end.
