Before explaining the "Alias" comment, let me say that "The Desert Route" is bad even by the Western standards of the three stoogi. In fact, Carmen Laroux is a semi-poor Juanita girl, when you hear her Mexican accent, you will immediately recognize her as Rita senior of the short Stooge classic "Salvat de Belle". In "The Desert Trail," John Wayne gets to play Moe Howard's character, and Eddy Chandler gets to play Curly Howard. Like their colleagues Stooge a gag running throughout the 53-minute film Moe hits Curly. Wayne's character, a skirt that follows the bastards, is not that weird, but he should be the good guy. <br /> <br /> Play a rodeo cowboy who travels Wayne keeps the rodeo tapes at gunpoint and gets the prize he would have won had he been welcomed by the other participants, the other travelers must settle for 25 cents per dollar (actually even less after Wayne breaks down at the box office). There is no explanation for Wayne to destroy the horsemen and still be considered the hero that makes the girl. <br /> <br /> Things are getting complicated at this point, because the villain (Al Ferguson) and Larry Fine's girlfriend (played by Paul Fix - who will play Sheriff Micah on The Rifleman TV) see Wayne Box office and then steal the rest of the money and kill the rodeo manager. Moe and Curly blame themselves. <br /> <br /> So Moe and Curly move to another city to get rid of the law and change their names to Smith and Jones. Whoever meets first, but their old friend, Larry, whose sister becomes the love interest of the second half (Senator Rita is left behind by the old city and no longer appears in the film). Larry's sister is beautifully rendered by beautiful beautiful Mary Kornman (now grown up, but in her younger days she was one of Hal Roach's short-haired home members, "Our Gang" ). Kornman is the main reason to watch western mega blades, and her scenes with Moe and Curly are much better than any other in production, as if they were using a completely different crew to shoot them. <br /> <br /> Even for the 1935 sequences of action in this are extremely poor, and the technical movie is astonishingly bad. The two main tracking scenes end up with photos of great riders on a horse rider. So many times the publisher cuts off a shot of one of the characters rolling on the field, but there is no horse in the frame, the film material is completely different, and the character has different clothes than the stunt rider. There is a free use of stock images in other places, none of which are even convincing from a distance. One thing to watch is a mid-scene scene where Moe and Curly get on the horses and head to the right screen in a cab while sliding the gallop to the left cabin. The cameraman follows the two stooges with a slow right slider and then a left whip tray to reveal close posse. Besides home movies, I have never seen such a thing, not because it looks bad (what it does), but because a competent director will never make a scene like this. He would have filmed the two horsemen going and then repositioning the camera and filming the posse approaching as a separate action. Or, if he felt creative, he would have done the sequence, so the camera will show the foreground horsemen and the posing approaching in the background. <br /> <br /> Again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
