When Marlene Dietrich was designated boxing poisoner in 1938, one of a series of actresses called commercial papers were films such as "The Garden of Allah." How could it be such a beautiful movie to look at you and be so insipid of boring is beyond me. Also, as Marlene tried to expand her range and not play a sexpot blocked by such an old story, it's beyond me. Allah's Garden, one of the first films in modern art, was a novel established by Robert Hitchens at the beginning of the last century, which then collaborated on a game adaptation with Mary Anderson who ran for 241 shows in 1911-12. Then they have two silent adaptations on the screen. The story is about a monk escaping from the monastery in French Tunisia to see some of what he missed in the world. She goes to a similar, unmarried woman, and spends her first years taking care of her sick parent. He travels now in the desert and the two meet in a train. The woman is, of course, Marlene, and the fugitive monk is Charles Boyer. I'm not sure what was in David O. Selznick's mind in filming this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman would have made her enjoyable to the audience. But you can bet the audience in the 1936 movie when they cried their money for a ticket they were expecting to see Marlene as a modern Salome day, not like a saint with that title. The audience still remembered Rudolph Valentino and you can bet it was a story of love and seduction they were waiting for. As for the monks, you have to remember that they are self-sustaining in their monasteries, a bottle of special wine from which Boyer happens to be the one with the secret. The monastery will have to rethink its economy if Boyer leaves. The monks are a frankly godly group, but from Captain Charles Waldron, down, they have a right to be a little worried about their own interest. However, a lot of religious platitudes are said here by a pair of conductors that are really not suitable for components. Especially Marlene Dietrich. I would watch this movie with an eye for the special casting of the colorful desert and forget about the plot.
