I really wanted to like Julian Po. I think Slater is underestimated as an actor, and many of the players who play here are better than those who are given a chance to show off in this film. I realize that it is based on a short story that I have not read. So I do not know if what they see, because the flaws of the film came from the story or were imposed by the director / screenwriter. The premise is wonderful and I enjoyed the confessional tone, the beginning of the narrative. But then...? Nothing! Some of the local clichete characters ask Julian punctblank to explain his intention to commit suicide. It could be said that he is not answering, because it is not their business. But Julian is the one who, under symbolic pressure, has revealed his intentions in public. Then neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that the Julian character keeps a diary recorded for God's sake, seems inclined to offer something beyond the weak initial information about Julian's life. He says he was an accountant. He says his family moved when he was a child, thanks to his father's job. So what? There are several interactions with locals, which seem to be designed to illuminate Julian's goal. But none of them goes anywhere, because Julian seems to see all these cute locals as if they were strangers from another planet, as if they were the last (and only) of them. This could work as an allegory if Julian Po had any defining character or something that comes close to wisdom to divide. The closest came to reveal something about himself is in the scene in which he intentionally humiliates the naive, religious wife of the mechanic. And what reveals this scene is not something that would inspire empathy for Julian. I can only see the Julian character - which was done - as selfish, wonderful and absolutely condescending. A kind of matching of the director's attitude to this outlined, outlined film. And poor Michael Parks, an actor who once had so many promises, was given nothing to work here.
