After watching the movie, I was really shocked to see a rating so high on IMDb. "Fantastic Mr. Fox" is an adaptation of a classic boyfriend of children, portraying the smooth story, the protagonist Mr. Fox (or "Foxy") as he attempts a final heist to steal Boggins, Bunce and Bean from fear. That's right, a short one, a fat one, a poor one, or anyway, I do not know where to start with my criticism, in my late adolescence and he's never been a fan of Roald Dahl but I like his stuff pretty good, after reading some of his books as a child, and I've always seen Matilda, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, but this movie is still fighting for an audience. I am not sure! Many of the "jokes" would wear a child, especially as Mr Fox visits a lawyer, for example, or complains of being poor. Also, an audience of children (assuming) is expected to sympathize with a a character who steals and kills chickens. They are for the food chain r, but basically you see Mr. Fox biting his throat! Sure it's a little? And also the plot ... well, it's a little boring. I only stayed with the hope that it would improve, but instead I was annoyed more and more by Mr. Fox and his son Ash, for making stupid decisions. Humor in the meantime collapses. I laughed only once or twice, even though I specifically recognized the joke attempts. I think part of the fact that the voice is so incredibly payable and monotonous. Voice actors have no sense of synchronizing comedies, instead of subtlety of humor that works only in certain environments. George Clooney aims to portray Fox as charming and stylish, but his voice has no character. Meryl Streep shows no excitement, I did not even realize that Bill Murray had a role until the end of the credits, and Ash, twelve years old in the years of foxes, seems to be almost 30 years old. animation, especially stopping the movement, but the visual style swallowed me a little. Characters are tall, bent and heat-free. It moves with some fluidity and often the animation is offensive and weird. There is also a distinctive "mixed environment" symptom because 2D components are sporadically and unsuccessfully added. The characters look straight into the room and speak; It was very strange. It was one or two moments when Kylie looked directly at the camera, did not move and twisted in his eyes. It really scared me. The fantastic Mr. Fox had so much potential. A lot of people still seem to like it - check out the reviews. Maybe it was not for me.
