Do you know all those letters to "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it seems they are not actually delivered, but they give up in a corner of the forgotten half of the post office to rot, unless a sparkling spark shows a way to post them. As the bizarre settings are, it's a winner and one that fits perfectly with the odd movie that is the "Dead Letter Bureau." As has been said, this is obviously an Australian film, unlike a British one. If it was Royal Mail, most of the letters receive this kind of treatment anyway. We have not been in this apartment for two years, and we still receive letters for a Wang, a female priest of the Church of the Last Day, I have not heard of you and various catalogs of industrial equipment for a sanitary company. The "Dead Letter" (the name given where undeclared mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) growing up in a seriously divided home. By writing to his father absent, she only learns mature that her letters have not been delivered for one reason or another. So, logically, she gets a job at D.L.O. and is alongside other social refugees, including Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly, she feels drawn to him, but can he find out where her father is, without kneeling the autonomous world of the Office of Letters of Death? Nothing against this movie, but I was reminded of the terrible God-Heather Graham movie "Engaged" while watching this. However, this is much better than that bunch of horse nonsense, but again it is not difficult. For starters, this movie is much more logical. True, metaphors are somewhat clear, and symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least this is coherent and weird, without being totally disturbing. It is also well-behaved. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good, while lovers looking for something they know they will never find while other characters are the best peripheral. Part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap itself too quickly, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The other part is that when you consider Austria's draconian immigration policy (that is, if you do not speak English, remove it!), It is unlikely that such a story will actually take place. The other characters, unfortunately, also contribute to destabilizing realism, proving to be little more than strange ball stereotypes. Despite this, the "Dead Letter Bureau" is certainly something different. It may not be everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was stingy and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without weapons or violence or hard oath and nudity (no chance in this in an Australian movie). There is no major laughter, there is no moment Bullet and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it is the story that matters here, and while she does not face its size, it is a pleasant way to pass the time. It's the equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD - it's nice to listen again and again, but you would not miss it even if it was not there.
