Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent, sensitive man with new bold ideas about making movies. He wanted to be an author, get away from the limits of the system and bring a new realism to the American cinema. That's why I applaud him. Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not applaud a woman under influence. Cassavetes took what might have been a fascinating subject (a crazy woman) and somehow managed to make a boring film full of long, ad-libian scenes that sang and sang. He seems to have had a gift to capture the strangest moments of a person's life on the film and most of the time he appears to have turned the camera on his family and let the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes captured something devastating REAL - or even a kernel of something so real that it touched the heart in ways where a conventional film could not. However, we have discovered that performances, especially Rowlands, are artificial. I never thought she was really crazy. I met people who are really disturbed mentally, but I have never seen none of them act much like Gena Rowlands in "A Woman Under Influence". She interpreted her as a very unpleasant, uninhibited woman who drank a lot and was even confused because we only see her at the beginning but feel drunk for the rest of the movie. There are some moments in which she sneaks into something real, but those moments are few and far between; she fails to sustain a mentally disturbed person. Again, applaud her efforts, but the effort is not enough to make the ring of true performance. The novice audience that is going on this movie and will see her high IMDb rating will undoubtedly be forced to love it and miss her very much just to prove I am receiving it. But do not be washed out of humility - judge for yourself. He does not have to pretend he likes it. Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his film, seeming to find his own psychic and his life experiences so fascinating he could not imagine that others appeared presumptive and self-indulgent torture . But, at least, Woody Allen has shown a gift to keep a fun audience - he knows that a compelling storytelling structure and a good dose of humor are essential to any movie. If Cassavetes hired a certain self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editing scissors!), A woman under influence might have had a chance. But what is the purpose of making a "realistic" film if the only people who can sit by it are art followers and film students who worship Cassavetes as a kind of anti-institution deity? Without doing anything down, I think Cassavetes could have made a woman more accessible, keeping pace with a real plot, instead of putting a 30-minute long ad-libbed argument scene. If you only make movies for yourself and for some of your fans, you only get to the ones already converted. Watch this movie with your own set of eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you are really moved and fascinated by it, well for you.
