From actor and independent director / director John Cassavetes, An influenced woman gives the viewer a look at a working class family with a mental instability problem. The husband Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar worker who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), the amount of attention she deserves. Since the debut of the movie, it is obvious that Mabel is very weird and weird, but only a few minutes later, it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Run wild. From her damn mind. Nick is trying harder to hide this from his colleagues, and after having a particularly strange dinner supper, he asks if he'll be fine, as if trying to deny Mabel's disease. Her problem is only the spirals out there. We have some problems with this movie. I think these issues were largely present in the story and how a character acted to the end. Mabel was committed, because, honestly, she's crazy. Then, after six months, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband throws a party to get her back. He never acts badly at the beginning of the movie. Why would they invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to his home, when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just idiot. Later, after Mabel enters the house, Mabel's father has a huge outburst at Nick, screaming at the tip of his lungs for not wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and the things you want to do is keep him quiet and he does not give him spaghetti? A few minutes later in the movie, Nick brings Mabel to scale and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; makes strange noises and gestures. Did not she send her there to do better and not do those things? There have been other parts that have taken place later, but it would be redundant to look at them in more detail. I think we just had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to have his characters act that way. It simply did not make sense. However, although I had problems with the end of the film, there was an aspect that really redeemed it; acting. Gow Rowlands played a crazy stunning woman. There were times when I forgot to act, where I was so caught up in her wild and mad gestures, saying I was scared of her. It was amazingly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy himself, because of the strange way of treating his children, the job, and especially the situation with his wife. I also usually do not appreciate the actors for the children. But the young people who played the children of Nick and Mabel in this film were phenomenal. She felt as if they were Mabel's children, because they seemed so attached to her and were so interested in helping her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this movie together and without them would make the film less realistic and less intense. Overall, I was not impressed with this movie. The story was mixed and unclear, and the characters acted in ways that made me wonder who was not crazy about the movie. The only grace of salvation was the brilliant roles of the Longhetti family leadership. Their realistic dialogue and powerful action have kept the film together and are probably the only reason why the film has ever stood for nothing.
