In Woman Under Influence, Mabel goes mad, but I can see why he's crazy. If I had lived that life he lived with his family, I would be crazy. Everyone in her family is outside the rocker and not full of her. She is constantly surrounded by people who shout at her and tell her what is best for herself and for people who are not the cleverest knives in the drawer. To start with the closest person to her in her life, her husband, Nick, is a little rocker. He always calls to her when he is at home telling him how to live his life and not act like an imbecile. The rest of the time works long hours at work and is not there to support her when she needs support. The only person in her life who should always be there for her is never there and, if it is, makes her feel worse. She relies on it for support and always goes to him first when she feels she is behaving wrong and he does nothing to support her. When she returns home from the hospital, all she's doing is telling her how to act, instead of comforting her, she just yells at her and tells her what to do. The other major people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel practically takes her life because she is afraid to get up and get up for her. Eventually, she even asks her father to stand up for her, and she does not understand, and when she receives it she still does not do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or do not bother because they do nothing for her time. The only person trying to do something for her is Nick's mom. Nick's mother is adamant about hiring Mabel. She does not want to make Nick take care of her, so she's got a doctor. It seems everyone is against Mabel and they think her attitude towards her is a good idea because then they will not have to deal with it. Everyone wants to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel, except screaming at her and making her feel like she's doing something wrong when it's not really. That's why he went crazy and why he had to get involved, it was the fault of the whole family.
