It should have been called "Balderdash!" The little film is true, except for the name of the island and the fact that there were also submarines involved. A little more than the quality of the training film, with poor camera work, muddy images, and probably the bottom point of the Japanese "Japanese" stereotypes laughing Japanese laughing Japanese hunting riders and angry Americans with a square thrust left and right. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally funny as a strange artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the fever of war is upon you. The plot and the dialogue remind me that I played guns in my childhood summer afternoon looking at my neighbor's fence to gain a fatal advantage for my best friend Steve and my younger brother. In fact, the raid on Makin Island was an almost total failure, while Carlson and his men were wandering in the dark and shuffling shots with shadows, eventually thirsty and completely disoriented, seeking someone to surrender, Before it happened to some Japanese, the soldiers who taught them right away confused themselves! In the retreat, some Carlson sailors arrived on another island and were abandoned! The movie, of course, could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this little whim was made and rushed to release the drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) conducting a unit composed almost entirely of stock caricatures, green recruitment (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene) Cameron), American boy (Alan Curtis) and scores (when they did not laugh), "Japs". And yet, the distribution almost exceeds the material. Close. Randolph Scott's slim performance is highly suited for his role as a serious commander and is supported by a solid group of professionals who strive to do the best with the slimmer. But, ultimately, the object of unity the score of the exercise wins. Any claim is completely abandoned at the end when Randy Scott simply looks directly into the camera and offers a stirring (well sort of shaking) call to arms. Distribution was better than this material. That was the audience. They should be seen with Madness Reefer and a bottle of Merlot at moderate prices.
