After reading the reviews, it became clear that everyone has been intellectualizing this work. How boring. Oh, how about good days and it was nothing like that. Of all the comments, no one expressed any excitement about this work or anything else. I grew up immediately after the age of steam, and this cinematic jewel, along with Dan Boon, was part of the afternoon afternoon mornings. It was an annual film that made a round and filled the chairs with gabbing, yapping, farting, giggling, monsters like myself or was it. And it was a cinema film at that time. Almost as big as the Wizard of Oz. IMDb insists that each critic contains something about the plot. The problem is that it was rather a template. Here it goes. Randolph Scott (cowboy / ero) gathers friends and defeats the wicked. Hurray! <br /> <br /> All our children realized that plot before we complain about the neighborhood to follow. That was just about the plot of each movie Scott, John Wayne, Roy Rogers ever did. If you take the time to come back and review each movie - do not ask for surprises. You must remember the context of the times. There was no television or a little. Not for children. It was school. He was the great outdoors. There were toy weapons. Without Cyber. And the age of steam has just collapsed. But movies like this offered entertainment and filled the imagination of young whips. Even the girls got into it. This movie was fun. And it is as absurd as anything else that is produced today. It had an initial purpose of being propaganda. But they soon came to be children's movies. Our fathers have experienced the real thing. And it would not have been until Sam Peckinpah, a decade later, eventually left the red implants of imitation of blood in realistic and abundant quantities. Not until his leadership led anyone to die slowly, with great pain and misery. Until the Peckinpah war and gunfight were a pretty unclean business. Thanks to Sam. To see a movie have little or no blood, adults have not bothered. She would not tolerate her. Not courage spraying the destructive life of plants. So this movie had all the glory and none of the bad ones. Gung Ho was right for kids then. You will see that I have assigned a rating of four to this rating. Why would i do that? Good. It's a terrible movie. No matter how much I like it. I like this movie because it brought one of my happier moments to my childhood. But it's not all good for a movie in terms of quality. Practically, Gung Ho has gone on to become a novel of love for children. People should look at it. Of course. I'm not telling you to stay away. However, realistically. The plot is simple. Characters are superficial? they are pissed. You can love a bad movie.
