The DVD has become the equivalent of the late night late billing circuit, the last chance to catch old movies on the point of being completely forgotten as The Border. Were there great expectations for this back in 1982? a co-written scenario by Walon Green, Jack Nicholson, on days when he could still play without a traffic light and a strong cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), director Tony Richardson has so far exerted)? but now it's not even on TV. The material certainly provides a rich source of commentary on America's dreams of capitalism and visible consumption, with Nicholson's border patrolman, who has watched strange business or human trafficking to fund his wife's relentless materialism , until rediscovering his consciousness when he finds his partners is also in the deal with the sale of children. Unfortunately, he never gets dirty with his hands, unless he turns a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface. The movie always feels wetted as if too many re-writings and too many committees left it sterilized and unfortunately the recent release of the DVD is a missed opportunity to restore the original nihilist end where Nicholson goes over the edge and bombs the fire of the border patrol station which was cut after the preview audience found it too low but still remarkably in the trailers of the film. While probably not too convincing, considering how low the Nicholsons crisis of consciousness is in the movie, it had to be better than the highlight of the gross resout in which the film abandons the logic and even the basic rules of continuity : at some point he has characters in the gun, then he is elsewhere and is free to try to kill him, a character going from the wounded to his house to leap like a gazelle on the Rio Grande rivers, while his character Valerie Perrine gets great at an exponential level. The villains of the play are easily absurd (and an impressive machine stunt) in time for a happily edited broken end and start wondering if you've seen somehow that you looked completely at another movie. What makes it more and more crowded is the fact that the rest of the movie is so flat and overwhelming that shots in the melodrama are all the more aggressive. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful track, "Across the Borderline," says everything much more economical. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, you're totally losing the great Warren Oates in a small part. When he can not make an impression, you know something is really wrong. Generally, it's too easy to remember why we found this so forgetful at the time.
