To review this movie, I should undoubtedly quote the memorable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent talked about Mia Wallace and what she does to live her life. Jules tells Vincent that "The only thing he deserved was the pilot." Vincent asks, "What the hell is the pilot?" and Jules has a very good description of what a TV pilot is: "Well, the way I perform is that I'm doing a show, this show is called a" pilot, "then she shows that show for those who perform, and on the realm of that show they decide whether to make more shows, some pilots will be selected and become television programs, and some will not become anything, she has played in one of those that have not become anything. on what Jules was talking about, there are MILLIONS of TV shows / pilots that have never been broadcast because they were simply not ... well, fine. Probably the most notorious pilot that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R, a spin-off for "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as a lead. "Therefore, the show has never been taken over. What many do Awesome I do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are never broadcast in the air because they are made strictly for television networks so they can decide. Some have done it and have climbed into the air (the pilot for the animated series "The American Father" comes to mind because the show itself did not start until almost four months later.) All pilots should be happy never "Black Bart", a supposed tie-in with Mel Brooks's classic comedy, "fiery seasons", is an old "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, however, with humor racist and vulgar comedy that comes to mind "what idiot has decided this would make a big TV show for PRIME TIME TV?" I say "supposedly," because none of the memorable characters in the film other than Bart , in this disorder at a television show. Mel Brooks was not even involved in serial production and this was the first mistake in a long line (in a related story, I recently learned about a TV pilot uncharted for a series based the movie "Clerks" which Ke Vin Smith was not involved in .... see what happens?!?). Set somewhere around the same time with the movie (or not at all), the circular story around the only black sheriff in the wild west, properly called the "Black" Bart, which is this time played by the future Oscar winner Louis Gossett Jr., obviously before performing his role as "real," while in this role he plays a "G" Pryor. Most of the other characters are character copies of the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a similar character named Reb Jordan, a former confederate soldier who is fast with the gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, more than a character, being a performance dancer and a German with accent and personality like Marlene Dietrich. While this is almost the end in similarities, the lead "evil" in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, which I assumed would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. has secured his rights to names (see trivia for "Saddle Blazing") and his son, Curley ... I do not know, Taggart, I suppose? The story is a bad excuse for a sitcom, much less a pilot. Bart deals with the drunk son of the mayor and is a behavior that has failed to lead the city. Indeed, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the "series" and does not focus on the variety and context that would make this show "okay." I can not even say a sitcom (and even if I want to do that), and that's first of all that she was shot on the back of the Warner Bros. house. Studios and later added a piece of laughter, so the show is set up almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (complete with a gentle and boring "laugh" that is identical to the series). The act is so, but there is a part that always makes me laugh, and that's when the actor who plays Reb Jordan seems to forget his lines and try to remember them while trying to break a dialogue. HA! The script is pretty dull and tries to make racism more humorous than it was in the movie (Surprisingly, they use the word N *** er many times through a 22-minute episode, quite delicious for its period of time and even for today) and becomes repeated. If you ever want to get your hands on this unseen piece of sssss ... something exciting new novelty, watch it just for the sake of watching the pilots (It's at the collector's edition of "Swallowing Snakes," God knows why ). There, you get a first-chance chance for why many movie pilots never get into the air.
