It was difficult to live through this horrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. It seems Matt Frewer has been thrown because he is tall and weak. His skull-like face made a good zombie in the Dawn of the Dead remake, but as Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have an unpleasant stroll, which is hard to follow, but seems unpleasant in the Holmes stereotypical clothes he wears. Not only that, but while the coat is gray-colored, it seems he could not find a suitable cover. So, its lid is black and looks brilliant as if it were made of polyester. Whatever the lid was, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore those traditional clothes, but Brett did not have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to look at the side. Frewer, on the other hand, is painful to look at. Even in the full "Holmes" band, he does not act like Sherlock Holmes. Frewer's cadaveric face smiles all the time, while he shines in a British accent "Upper-Crust" very bad is painful to see and listen. To say that Frewer is oversized is an understatement. After he finishes each sentence with a kind of nasal jab, he struggles, as if it were a British trait. When I started looking at this, I thought it might be a comedy with Wishbone, Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was thrown like a kind of foil for Wishbone. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except Frewer. Wishbone would make this movie much better. Not only does Frewer's version of Sherlock Holmes never stop (in that extremely nasal British nasal accent), but he is more friendly and polite. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he speaks with and is so polite and polite that he can learn at a School of Charm instead of being a Sleuth. Perhaps, since this is a Hallmark Channel production, they are trying to make Sherlock Holmes's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was better at that), which was smarter and more gentle. Regardless of Frewer's point of view about Sherlock Holmes, he is flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes we've ever seen (including the worst of Charlton Heston). , the tone of this film is terrible. He remembered a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. All suspects have suspiciously over-action and looked at the victims before being killed. Holmes and Watson explain every clue throughout the movie. Even with the crimes he wrote, there is not a smaller exhibition. This Sherlock Holmes does not even compare well with Rockford Files' Jim Rockford and is less than two miles from Columbo. The horrible dialogue is probably the writer's fault. It is obvious that who ever wrote this script has very little familiarity with Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie has the whole atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem to be amazed when they express their lines in their false accents does not help. The only tiny spot is Ken Walsh, who plays Dr. Watson with little dignity. Walsh does not do it in comparison with Frewer, and when he frequently interviews witnesses, his style of conversation and understanding is much more natural and more credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the song is amateur, and the visual clues they give by glare and faces for others (to show they are suspected) is something I have not seen in any modern film.
