I will write about this movie and about "irreversible" (the famous scene in it). So you are warned if you have not seen the movie yet. These are just my thoughts, why I think the movie is failing (it is ultimately intended). Wisely, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost expresses the interpretation of someone almost a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good but loses his "bad" touch right before the end. If it does not really change, why would it let a woman connect them? It should not have been. Then we have the barman / second rape. Actually, I do not think you need him. Not at least for the second rape, but more about it later. Let's resume the story. The Rosarios character is sexually uncertain, she may even have lesbian tendencies (see her script with a female friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is a sexual tension between them. Rosario's character encounters a guy who is a Sexual Predator in all evil senses. But he makes an impression on her. Rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend before. I beg to differ. Because she acts as if she were her first friend, who also emphasizes the conversation with her mother. Speaking of her mother, there's another problem. After the first rape takes place, Rosario's character does not tell anyone what happened. Seiing that her relationship with her mother is very close, none of this is explored afterwards. If Rosarios's character does not tell his mother anymore or will behave strangely, his mother would be worried like crazy. There was so much potential here. And her female friend: we see her at the party, it is obvious that something is happening and "boom" she has disappeared. The first rape is almost unbearable to watch. But it feels like a peak when you compare it to the end (rape), which feels like you were hit with a sleigh hammer! After rape, no. 1 we have too many scenes. The threads are open (like her construction work is an indication she might be lesbian, like a guy who tried to hit her ...), but she went outdoors. No real social contact is established if you leave the barrack outside, which is involved in the second and final scene of rape. It is obvious that he is not a "cute" guy and that his character is very well done. But when Rosarios's character meets his rapist again in class, his being in the movie seems useless. We get the point where Rosarios's character is no longer the same, that he went "bad" and can hurt people. (Too) Many scenes show exactly that, being emotionless doing only drugs and other things. Back to Rapist # 1, who is mistaken on a test, is caught by Rosario's character and they decide to stay together together (indeed?). As absurd as it sounds, the guy meets her, not without us seeing her before, with another girl (she's probably raped, though we do not see any of that, fortunately) and her career Football. Well, his career is a stretch and he is aggrieved. This is an attempt to give its character a certain depth and it almost works, but again it is too cliché to stay with you. So Rapist # 1 submits Rosario's character ... why exactly? Because she promised her, was it her birthday? Again, really? A guy like this never loses control, especially with a woman she's raped before ... I think we should show how stupid it is. The guy's guy would have worked like someone who'd hit him over the head or something like that, but letting him obey it, feels just wrong. Another possibility would have a drug in his drink. So rapper # 1 is undressing and is blindfolded and let Rosarios's character clean him up on a bed ... seriously, that's just crazy! But what comes next is even more insane. He first talks to him, then closes it and forces her into it. This is just as hard to follow as the rape script. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And, of course, that was for them. Now, after being "made", the barman also enters rape ... violator # 1. If indeed this should work as a revenge movie, it would have been better if Rosarios's character had done all " revenge ". Having a robot doing a job takes everything he's built. It should not be fun / enjoyable, it's a loud watch and it's Art-house. But the scene of 10-minute rape (I did not count) at the end, shake it all up. The Rosarios character is more or less, just following what's happening. Which brings me to the greatest disappointment. Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the scene of rape, but the film continued (even if it returned over time). Rosario looks at the room and says something about going over that. First of all, coming a little too late, she should see her saying that after the initial rape. And second, and most importantly, the Art-house movie should come here. It is more interesting to see that Rosario's character will go after the second rape scene and how he would cope with what he had done. But again, it did not physically do so much (see above) ... a broken character that the movie is breaking down ... Good intentions (Talia and Rosario worked before), but they fail to pass most of the things they intended to do (even if you can see what they meant, they have to be convincing, otherwise they do not work) ... let's not talk about long-lasting rape scenes ...
