SPOILERS HEREIN My high school has done everything they can to try to motivate us for exams. But the most memorable method they used to bring us to the mood was a guest speaker who was none other than the favorite son of Australian Kickboxing, Stan "The Man" Longinidis. The first mistake they made had given this guy a microphone because he screamed half the time, despite the fact that we were less than three or four feet away from him. His speech was full of "ordinary if you fail to prepare, then prepare to fail", but there have been various situations in which I have really worked. The guy stood there in front of us, preaching how he did everything in his life for him and no one else. He has received many offers in the past to give up box-kick, but has never taken his eyes off the prize to become Australia's greatest boxer. He said he was not a sell-out, he was happy and a retiree, he was never involved in any other activity other than Kickboxing? then connected his movie. Yes, you have heard well, and has introduced the new FILM. As he talked about it, he received a woman to come and hold a poster to advertise, and then she showed this 4 minute minute of this vague Trojan Warrior movie. (This being before being defeated by Gurkan Ozkan in his last career struggle) Stan plays Ajax, a special force agent trapped in the Melbourne underworld. Ajax's cousin, Theo (Arthur Angel), has recently been sold (well, at least Stan has not gone too far) to the federals and as a result is about to run from all the organized crime walks. Ajax and Theo face all kinds of ridiculous situations from fighting in a Kebab store to playboy at a slave party. Everything is ridiculous, but if Silverstein intended to make a credible movie here, this man should never get a room. <br /> <br /> I admit, I was actually pumped to see this. I like action movies, even if they are horns, and especially if they are in my own yard. But what was presented to me was an action movie that was terrible from the word go and continued to do it after "for the love of God please stop it!" Subplot was introduced and not even touched once again, after being outdoors, the characters were thrown for absolutely no reason, and the most over-choreographed battle scenes that did not really reflect Stan's real talent in Kickboxing. The distribution consisted of unnecessary cameo appearances by almost any famous REMOTELY (Dermot Brereton, Mark "Chopper" and Greg Matthews). Meanwhile, you sit there and play the guessing game, just who's sitting there in the background. It's a shame that the movie relies heavily on two-second appearances of former celebrities. Remember those pits I told you about? Ajax, once at a time, was apparently imprisoned, wrongly accused of murdering his wife. Now, I heard that Ajax was in special forces with one sentence in the WHOLE movie, then I let him take them to the candy. This is followed by another SINGLE sentence that convinces Ajax to help the same people who have mistaken him. Then you get this, and Ajax finally reveals to him that his wife is not actually dead, but he was sold in prostitution. See you? Not. Does Ajax come to find her as soon as he hears this? Not. Now this is a marriage! <br /> <br /> In the midst of all these foolish irritating nonsense, some sites have described this movie as "a cross between Jackie Chan and Guy Ritchie." That man ever sat down and watched a Jackie Chan movie ?! Chan shows more dexterity by taking a garbage pit than Stan did, well, NEVER! And Guy Ritchie is the crime movie Messiah and you compare him to Salik Silverstein! This movie is more like a mix between "Pizza" and "Enter the Ninja". <br /> <br /> Now, where do you think the whole Trojan Warrior title comes? Ajax's ferocious fighting skills, like that of an ancient Greek Warrior? Not. Unification of gangsters to find Theo, like that of the Trojan Empire? Not. Is that because? Wait?? Theo bears a condom with him. Yes, that's right, because THEO is always ready with a trojan pocket in his pocket, he's a Trojan warrior! <br /> <br /> I was unhappy to see the "Trojan Warrior" on DVD and its "special" features: ??? Chop Chop, a rap song by Mark "Chopper" Read: Chopper did this just to prove that anyone can rap. The funny thing was Chopper just kidnapped for 30 seconds and then throwing the two teenage albinos from Doncaster using words like "dis" and "dope", etc. in their Australian accents. Make people, rap was developed in states, LEAVE IT THERE! The clip looked like a cameraman of the 31st channel. <br /> <br /> Bloopers: There was no real difference between them and the real movie. <br /> <br /> Stan "The Man" Longinidis Kickboxing Featurette: It was not too bad, considering that there were only 6 or 7 different battles shown from different angles (I think I saw Dennis Alexio fall off about 15 times in this 3-minute assembly). /> <br /> I do not mean that this film contributes to the reason that this country will go to hell when it comes to the film, but ... oh wait, I just did. My advice to anyone who reads this is to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of the Trojan Warrior, bind them together and use it for a weight of paper because this movie is so bad.
