One of the strangest plot of romantic film is the third: The seriously disordered man falls in love with a woman in a state of evil who returns her life before she dies. Occasionally, this story is doing well and realistically (as in "Theory of Flight," an excellent whistle), but more often it is as it is here, where heroin usually dies of "Old Movie Disease." You know, terminal disease that does not have symptoms, but a faint spell and a need to lie down, as you say to your lover forever; and your appearance is not affected at all (and since it is the 70s, not your sexual life). This is one of the most serious versions of this story, where a very stupid script puts two incomprehensible and incredible characters together and is played by actors at sea. to be the worst interpretation of Al Pacino's career and say that after seeing the "devil's lawyer" just two days ago! He plays a racing driver, controlled, weird, excited, and plays an inappropriate life without life. Apparently he always wonders why Marthe Keller is around the table (so does the audience) and spends most of the movie just ... sitting there, usually with his mouth open. The only time he shows any sign of life is his end, where his character demonstrates that he has changed from one age to another, releasing himself through a terrible imitation of Mae West. Hey, it was * seventy years old! Marthe Keller is just as terrible as the love of dying; her character was conceived as bold and free, touching and uninhibited and lively, even if she died, and was probably intended to be played with an actress with the sensitivity of, for example, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they received the expressionless face and the heavy accent of Germany by Mrs. Keller, who is more like a scary teutonic stereotype ("you VILL eat omelet!") Than anything else that loves. He had to reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit and yet, but it does not work that way, it's more like throwing his mistakes in the most inappropriate way possible. This is one of the least convincing novels in the history of the film, where you can not believe it would be with someone he finds so worthless and that you can not think he's with someone who makes his nerves so much . > <br /> Some bad movie fans call this classic cult, especially because of Pacino's "release" of Mae West. The scene is a scream, especially in context, but it is not worth sitting in the rest of the movie. No, watch the movie only if you are a serious bad movie actor who is particularly interested in studying the extreme absence of chemistry among the top actors or casting very bad (not only the rulers are terrible but also other friends of his Pacino are played by the actress who looks and sounds just likes Keller with shorter hair, I got them completely confused). This is not one of those bad-bad movies like "The Conqueror," it's just a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
