Uta Hagen "Respect to act" is the standard manual in many college theater courses. In his book, Hagen presents two fundamentally different approaches to the development of an actor character: the presentation approach and the representative approach. In approaching the presentation, the actor focuses on making the character as honest as possible by introducing the emotional elements of the actor's own life. In the representative approach, the actor tries to show the effect of emotion through a high degree of movement and sound control. The representative approach to acting was still partly in vogue when Hamlet was made. British theater has a long history of this style of acting, and Olivier can be said to be the supreme king of the representative school. Time was not pleasant at this acting school or this film. Almost every working actor today uses a presentation approach. For the modern eye, Olivier's highly stylized delivery is stiff, stiff and stiff. Instead of creating a Hamlet in internal conflict, Olivier made a self-important, self-important bullhorn of Dane melancholy - an actor style that would have unfolded well behind London's biggest theaters, but it is too ambitious for and modern Hamlet. And so, the movie squeaks through the ruthless day. Olivier's tendency to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of Hamlet's lines unintentionally fun: "Instead, you have to get used to being pure pure to give it ... smoothness " Instead of crying at the meeting with his father's ghost (like any suitable actor), bright lights in Olivier's students give us that impression. Eileen Herlie is the only other note actor in this Hamlet, a good essay to the Queen, despite the painful age differences (he was 41, 26 years old). The other actors in this movie have no chance to gain anything else, given Olivier's tendency to want to keep! the room! on him! not at all! times! Sixty years later, you felt the uncertainty of the Shakespeare stage actor, who was not confident of presenting an erroneous and flawed Hamlet, and was instead chosen to present a kind of Elizabethan type bullhorn. The final analysis: "I would have had such a fellow befriend to make Termagant, as Herod is: please, avoid it."
