People who really liked the Child Problem (1990) have to look for their heads. Who would take the idea of ​​looking at a malicious little boy hurting others and consider him funny? The movie is not funny, ever, in any way, beginning to end. He wants to be a cartoon, but writers do not realize that paper is not funny when people are attacked by bears or hit by baseball bats. It can be fun in cartoons, but not in a cinematic picture. The young hero of the film is Junior (Michael Oliver) who, since being a child, was placed at the front doors of adoptive parents for adoption. Families reject it, because the junior tends to make a hard time. He is then thrown into an orphanage, where he terrorizes nuns and writes letters of letters to the convicted Bow-Tie Killer, Michael Richards. He is soon adopted by Ben and de Flo Healy (formerly John Ritter and his wife, Amy Yasbeck) who dies have a baby to be like all the other parents in their neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Junior becomes a member of the Healy household and "Little" Ben is interested in him, despite destroying a camping trip by luring a bear on the site or throwing a cat to his father "Big" Ben Jack Warden), a fanatic politician. I think we should take care of Junior to be able to root us when he takes revenge on people. His new mother, Flo, is a bitch, his grandfather is completely selfish, and a little girl - who despises adopted children - is a wounded boy. But what Junior does to get the last laugh is not funny - it's mean, cruel and sometimes life-threatening. And what is the message of the movie? Should children deal with violence and vandalism? That he should seek his friendship by writing condemned criminals? They certainly can not be a bad kid. Junior is not one - it's just a sad, small feeling. There is a time when it was bad for kids to beat others. Now everyone laughs when Junior beats kids with a baseball bat. It's a shame that this movie was marketed as a "family comedy". What's worse is that the child's problem is rated PG. What was the MPAA thinking when they saw this? There are a lot of devastating and frightening troubles, that one can ask about the division between PG and PG-13. Children will enjoy this, but parents will be shocked by what's on the screen. And for most people, Child Problem will be considered a classic "guilty pleasure"; a movie someone will shamefully admit to liking, even if the dominant opinion, as expressed by more serious viewers, is that the movie is a piece of nonsense.
