I can not remember why I gave my life - perhaps I had a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I do not remember who I went with, what theater I was or even with what city. All I remember was how offended I was at this travesty someone dared to call a movie and how half the people in the theater came out before the movie ended. Unfortunately, I managed to finish, which I still consider to be one of the most serious mistakes in my life so far. My offense became a pure horror when, just before the closing credits, the disgusting demon child pushes his head behind a sign and says, "Look for the baby 2 soon, This was the most terrifying moment ever recorded on the film. Indeed, the plot, if I remember correctly, implies John Ritter and maybe his wife (Lord, as I tried unsuccessfully to block this movie from my mind) adopting a "child problem". Maybe I think I can reform him or something like that. Really do not know. If that was their intention, they are not doing badly, because from the first frame to the end of this child remains the oldest, the most red, the most horrible demon-spawn ever to hit on the big screen. Forget about Damian, forget about Rosemary's baby. This baby takes the cake. The only difference is that we should feel bad for him because he is a "child problem". However, this is impossible, since this child is most likely the most unsatisfactory character ever shown. You want to kill him all over the movie and when (SPOILER, as anyone cares), John Ritter decides to keep the bastard that you'll call "Send him back!" in shocked disgust (like most people in the theater where I saw them). This is just the second movie I've given "1" on IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and God could not tell you what was worse. John Ritter had a quote in the TV Guide about when the Child 3 Problem, which he did not get, went out. He said something like, "The only way I would make another continuation of the problem [The problem of the child] is if they dragged my dead body back to do it." Remind yourself! I'd rather watch a 24-hour marathon from the Police Academy, than see Twenty Minutes of Problem Child again. 1/10, only because I can not give him a negative score, which is really worth it. Someone burns the original negative of this movie, please!
