Recently, when I first reviewed "Lipstick" for several decades, I supported it with "Descent," even though I've heard more negative reviews than good friends from other taste buds as diverse as my own. <br /> It's interesting to contrast the way that the unique niche of Rape Revenge has evolved over the last 32 years, from the I Spit On Your Grave gore to the lustful "Ruju" the problem in the "Accused." But "the descent", although it does some important points, never gives us anything really new in terms of revelatory meaning. No, "Downing" is so poorly made in terms of the quality of images and sound that it destroys any meaningful message that it might say - a message that, when examined closely, is not so revolutionary. br /> I knew enough the intrigue came in. What I wanted to see was Dawson's "descending" or degeneration. Being a great fan of Rosario, I did not want to see that the layers were removed and her psyche twisted slowly ... you know, the kind of portrayal DeNiro brings to Taxi Driver. Unfortunately, the scenario and director / writer's choices do not offer any credible transition. The biggest failure point is the second act. It became clear what scriptwriter intent was for this club-hopping segment, drug abuse and obsession with the great Adrian stallion (a nightmare of every white boy, natch) from a Q & A on DVD, but this excursion into the character Dawson's never been credibly rendered. We do not know exactly what the hell he is doing for half an hour, what he has followed or why he does. Poor audio / video quality does not help, but the sequence is just too long and useless. It destroys any impetus and investment in the main character established during another exceptionally well done act. When we get to the end, our interest has already fallen. A point of success that Dawson does not emphasize in questions and answers is that by the end of the "vengeance" scene, we are pumped for retribution, then you realize how tragic and ugly the reality is. While this is certainly true, it does not make the scene more interesting. If you have the DVD, check the "class" scene removed. This is an excellent 8 minute minute that escapes with energy and challenges (though all the verbal ones) and really shows that Dawson is slowing down to materialize because she deliciously vivisefies the poor Frank Swift, the home-led counselor. If there were more scenes that resembled this exposure and more than a third in the middle, we could have an interesting psychological study about the impact of some meaningless violence. As the movie is in the final cut, all we get is what we saw earlier, just in a more graphic rendering. So what?
