First of all, I'm not here to play this movie. I find it pleasant despite the low production quality. The action here is as abominable as the monster who follows them, although the monster itself is quite well done ... impressively well done to that. He actually looks kind of someone else, as a foreign family on holiday landed in the Himalayas and while Dad was getting a ... participation in the nature call, Spot lost and they just did not have time to hunt him down. That, or he is the Caucasian brother of the Wishmaster. I have not decided what. In fact, this seems to have been filmed somewhere in the snowy country, yes, but probably Canada somewhere than China anywhere. Trees and dreams tell me Canada, and it's good that the set-up area never takes the look or feel of the cold you might expect to find in the Himalayas in China. It's a Sci-Fi Channel movie so we can forgive the lack of location. In addition, apparently (as we have just established) Sci-Fi directors do not travel frequently because they do not know that commercial airplanes fly over the weather, such as what is presented here, and the accident would not have happened. But, as I said, it's a Sci-Fi Channel movie, so we have to forgive a few things. The film is sometimes quite graphic and rotates between "Alive" about the Donner Party, "Predator" about the alien in the woods and about any bad movie about Wushu in which they fly around the wires. Yeti seems to jump like Spiderman ... or Super Mario ... do you remember? "Yeti has missed the buzz, and he has sought high and low for this, but he does not seem to do the work of the body." Poor Yeti You can not to feel sorry for it She survived and evolved for thousands of years only to give up the severe loss of a teddy bear She missed the bear Or maybe she wants to mate But that thought is BANNED Hear you? , it seems to be an unimportant man REBANISHED! And it's super-human, it's not human ... it's super Yeti, but again what's normal - Yeti? , but it has a definitive quality of Michael Meyers, which is totally unsettling, and it has this fabulous way to cleanse your fur.Fahulos Dahlink !, It's an immaculate white when it should not be SO Super- super Yeti, it was really fun to watch, it has some big killings and some honest plot items. horrible production of gravel, this is actually quite fun. Can not I wonder if she is planning another? <br /> <br /> It's a 6.0 / 10 rate on the M4TV Scale. It reports a 4.4 / 10 on the Film Scale from ... <br /> <br /> Fiend :.
