Yeti: The Snow Demon Curse begins on a plane full of American high school teenagers who are on their way to play a football match in Japan, unfortunately, during a thunderstorm, their plane collapses in the Himalayas. True riddles. With some dead and some alive, survivors need to think about themselves and decide to wait until their help comes. However, only when they think their luck could not get worse, they soon discover that a giant, hairy Yeti creature, Abominable Snowman, wants to kill and eat them all. Trapped, cold, hungry and struggling for survival will help to reach teenagers locked in time? Yeah, with a title like Yeti: Snow Demon Curse, this may mean just one thing, and that's someone at Sci-Fi has made another "creature", though to give these things a bit of variety, Sci- Fi Channel, here in the UK, I call them now "Feast Feast"! As if this will make any difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, it must be said that Yeti: The Curse of Snow Deamon is a terrible, but somewhat fun movie at the same time, surely bad, but it's also a kind of fun sometimes. The basic premise is actually a kind of cross between Alive (1993), its plane and the survivors who had to transform the cannibal to survive, as well as the giant killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) blast flick Night of the Demon) that I will defend with my last breath and I must say that it is not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but as I said it is fun sometimes if it is not even tight or well written. The characters are American teenagers who are most often annoying, there are the expected arguments, there is the macho hero, the strong woman and the coward who thinks only of himself, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some plot holes, where a flat cargo of people collapses because they only send two foot passengers to search for them? How will you dig a big hole and leave it with sharp sticks in ten minutes? Why does Yeti not kill that bird at the end? He killed all the others so far, why not? "There are actually two Yeti mistakes around", nor is it used at all. At least there is a good rhythm in relation to the movie, certainly moving at a fairly old pace and I have never woken up to it. There are some moderate goral actions and the movie has some fascination to see if the kids will survive or not and whether they will eat their dead colleagues or not. The only thing you can always say about these "creatures" or "Feast Feasts" from the Sci-Fi Channel is that the effects of the CGI computer will laugh out loud and it will be the case once again. The plane crash at first seems terrifying, and Yeti, when it's CGI, would just seem to be embarrassing everywhere, as if it were a pogo stick. There are one or two beautiful scenes, including a stray arm, a stray head, a stray heart, a few bodies, a bit of blood, and the best bit when Yeti breaks a guy half and beats him with his own broken feet before biting a large piece of them. According to IMDb, the actor who plays Yeti lasted three and a half hours to enter the costume and make-up, which seems to be a long time since it is actually a pretty hard creation. It seems that the original title was Raksha: The Curse of the Snow Demon with Raksha, which means demon in the Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. This has reasonable production values, taking into account the usual things in the Sci-Fi Channel. The Montana location does not look anything like the harsh and disintegrating Himalayas and was probably located near a ski resort somewhere and during many scenes during the day, fact, it looks warm. The actor is not that good and I do not think any of the girls looked so good he did not help her. Yeti: Snow Demon Curse is another Sc- Creature Feature Channel if I'm honest that any healthy person will not like it, but if you're looking for a bit of thematic themed fun, then this is not too bad and there's one or two fun moments that make it somewhat traceable even if it's not very good.
