The '77 airport begins when a new 747 luxury plane is filled with valuable paintings and objects belonging to the wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart), who is flying them and a group of VIP personalities to his property in preparation for its opening to the public. As a museum, also on board is Stevens' daughter, Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury plane takes off as planned, but in the air, the plane is hijacked by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplices Banker (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) who beat passengers and crew with Sleeping gas, they plan to steal the valuable cargo and land on a strip of disused aircraft on an isolated island, but when making their descent, Chambers almost collides with an oil platform in the ocean and loses control of the plane sending it to the sea where it sinks to the bottom right of the explosion in the center of the Bermuda Triangle. Because of the shortage of air, the water that seeps in and travels more than 200 miles away, the problems increase for the survivors as they wait for help with the time that is quickly running out ... <br /> <br / > Also known under the slightly different Airport 1977 tile, this second sequel to the hit disaster thriller Airport (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson and although once again as his predecessors, I can not say that Airport '77 is a forgotten classic, it is Entertaining, though not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three Airport films I've seen so far, I liked this better, alone. It has my favorite plot of three with a nice aerial ferry and then the shock (did not see the oil rig?) And the collapse of the 747 (maybe the manufacturers tried to cross the original airport with another The popular disaster of the time The adventure of Poseidon (1972) and submerged is where it remains until the end with a hard dilemma that faces those trapped inside, either suffocated when the air is exhausted or drowned as the floods of the 747 or if any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that it could have been a big and small movie for the disaster, but the bad enthusiast of the characters, the boring dialogue, the lethargic scenes and the real lack of danger or suspense or tension means that this is a lost opportunity While the plot, which is quite slow, keeps one entertained for 108 odd minutes, it does not take long after the plane sinks and there is not as much urgency as I thought it should have. Even when the Navy is involved, things do not increase much with some shots of huge ships and helicopters flying around, but there is something missing here. George Kennedy, the jinxed worker of the airline Joe Patroni, is back, but he only receives a couple of scenes and he hardly says anything that he prefers to seem worried in the background. <br /> <br /> The home video and the theatrical version of Airport '77 runs 108 minutes, while the TV versions of the US. UU they add an additional hour of recording that includes a new sequence of credits of opening, many more scenes with George Kennedy like Patroni, retrospective scenes of the personages, scenes of longer rescue and the discovery or another pair of corpses, including the navigator. While I'd like to see this additional video, I'm not sure I can go through a nearly three-hour cut at the '77 Airport. As expected, the movie has dated badly with horrible fashions and interior design options, I will say that nothing but the effects of the toy airplane model are also not excellent. Along with the other two sequels of Airport, this occupies a prominent place in the Hall of Shame of the Razzie Award, although I can think of many movies worse than this, so I think it is a little hard. The action scenes are a bit boring, unfortunately, the pace is slow and it does not generate much emotion or tension, which is a shame, since I think this could have been a pretty good movie if it had been done correctly. <br /> <br /> The production The values ​​are fine if there is nothing spectacular. The performance is not excellent, twice the Oscar winner, Jack Lemmon, said that it was a mistake to star in this, once Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and frail, and once the Oscar winner reads Grant seems drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is drunk. There is little to do and there are also many other familiar faces to pay attention to. <br /> <br /> Airport '77 is the most disastrous of the three Airport films so far and I liked the ideas behind it, even if they were a bit silly, the production direction and smooth does not help, and A movie about a sunken plane should not be so boring or lethargic. Followed by the Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
