When I was little, my parents took me to the theater to see Interiors. It was one of the many movies I saw with my parents, but this was the only one we came out of. Since then, I had never seen Interiors until recently, and I could have lived the rest of my life without him. What a pretentious, heavy and painfully boring piece of wine and cheese from the 70s. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst part of his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, mute vision of the lives of a family caused by the psychological damage caused by divorce, estrangement, career, love, non-love, halitosis. , whatever is. The movie, intentionally, has no comic relief, has no music, and is drenched in shadows. This style of film can best be defined as an expressionist in nature, using a method of improvisational dialogue for illicitly a "depth of meaning and more pronounced truth". But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The movie is painfully slow and boring. But beyond that, he simply had no connection or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead, I only felt contempt for this parade of shuffling, whining, stained nicotine, martyrs in a perpetual search for identity. In the midst of a backdrop of cosmopolitan wealth and the intelligence of Brie baked, the story emerges as a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in common places and high language among cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling", desperate to find a direction or understanding or whatever, and goes on and on to the point where you just want to slap everyone. It's never about resolution, it's just about endless introspective babbling. It is nothing more than a psychological drama taken to an extreme beyond the ability of the audience to connect. Woody Allen chose to make the characters so immersed in themselves that we feel excluded. And for that reason I found this film painfully indulgent and spiritually exhausting. I see what he was talking about, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques leaves the point of relevance behind. I highly recommend this if you feel too happy and need something that reminds you of death. Otherwise, we're going to pretend that this movie never happened.
