The summer season is here when the choices in theaters are limited to what is the most popular movie of the week, given 99.9% of the screens dedicated to projecting it. OK, then I can exaggerate the percentage, but you understand me. In addition to the Hollywood stuff, Bollywood also has its own share of much-anticipated box office hits, and from some of the trailers shown, I'm excited to see them as well. Tashan was listed as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was quite surprised by the limited participation in theaters. When I saw Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After seeing it, I knew why. It was entertaining, but it was fundamentally weak. Like its literal title in English, which means "Style," Tashan is all style, but little substance. Not that I do not have the usual power of the stars, but the scenes felt forced and some of them bordered on a bit ridiculous, even by Bollywood standards, I must say. Which is quite surprising, given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I greatly enjoyed. <br /> <br /> In his rookie director departure with Tashan, although he can not fail in his direction, he is likely to scratch his head with the plot, which at best was clumsy. He tried to force too many things in the story, although he was given a credit in which he allowed some form of questioning the motivation of the character, but that came a little late, and only towards the end, which left him guessing for a moment before. caught in the action in full rule imitating many Thai action movies, with the wiring of Hong Kong and the absurd firearms of Hollywood and the weapon game with zero recoil. And in an attempt to include everything that includes the kitchen sink, a variety of vehicles appear, and the one that took the cake, in a tribute to Dhoom 2, was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as an unintentional comedy, and this is attributed to how the cast piled up with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call-center executive who teaches English, only as a platform to uncover new material for brides. His playboy forms fall apart when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly who she seems, the gentle sorceress and sweet nature. She gets involved in Jimmy's services for her boss, mobster Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets the most laughs when he speaks broken English and phrases should like how an ah-beng does it. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate hired gangster who was hired by Bhaiyyaji to hunt down Jimmy and Pooja when they escape with stolen money from Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> Thus begins a journey type road, with friends who became enemies, and enemies that you know will become friends as the journey progresses. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unlikely of all, because he goes from zero to hero, executing movements that would embarrass Rambo, in no time, which is quite out of place. Kareena Kapoor amplifies the sexual factor when she uses her charms to deceive the two men, and has many opportunities to do so due to the highly touted bikini scenes and other costumes that boast necklines or hems well above the knee. Each character has a background story created, and I thought that Bachchan Pandey by Akshay Kumar was probably the best, the most touching and the funniest of all, even though his character looked a lot like an Incredible Hulk not green with his jumps that challenge the gravity. and energy packing punches. His wounds also heal automatically, which impresses Wolverine. And best of all is his musical theme, which is the damn alpha male and plays in ra-ra mode every time he faces opponents. <br /> <br /> But sad to say, that is the only song that is memorable. something that animates "Bachchan- Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films that I watch, generally, despite the obvious gaps in the language, I can get out of the buzz projections of one or two melodies. I could not do that after Tashan, because unfortunately the songs were not catchy. In general, the song / dance routine works well in the story without the need to remove the characters from the current scene or location. I enjoy, instead of tearing them out and putting them together in extreme places on top of a mountain, or on steep rocks on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably did not take himself too seriously, but came from Vijay The story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a little more decent than ridiculous, and so that continuity is a little more careful as well. Announced as a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why the crowds have already rejected this. Even though Akshay Kumr stole the show, Tashan could have been better overall.
