Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution begins when the United States is being infected by a virus in the air that affects the male population, when awakened men indiscriminately kill any woman in sight, apparently in the name of God. The government brought the scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) and knows more than most and feels that the situation may have gone too far, so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take his teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O 'Brien) and try to survive since the future of the human race may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian-American co-production was episode 7 of season 2 of the television series Masters of Horrror, directed by Joe Dante I I thought the Screwfly Solution was pretty bad. Personally I think Sam Hamm's script sucks, he takes it too seriously and I really do not understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror the filmmakers are looking for in The Screwfly Solution is in the real story itself and in the themes and ideas that he presents, instead of on the screen, the visual horror, in particular the tenuous ecological message he sees with the intention of ramming our throats every time he has the opportunity during his brief execution time of 60 odd minutes, which I felt was a problem. it simply ends what could easily be interpreted as necessity rather than any meaningful attempt to wrap things up. I also did not like the inconsistencies with the story, if men only kill when they are sexually aroused, why does the stewardess casually break that woman's neck on the plane? I was sexually aroused, I think not. Why do all men think he is killing in the name of God? I just can not see all the guys on Earth who suddenly know the Bible and start believing in God, I thought the idea was ridiculous and the program also clearly says that there is nothing religious about what is going on, so, What happens with everyone thinking that you have a divine to kill any woman they see? Then there is the fact that people get excited about different things, and gays, for example? Will they kill boys instead of women? I know there's a short scene that makes a joke about the gay problem, but it's conveniently set aside on one side and then there's the thing that bothered me the most. The fact that, presumably, all the men of the earth have gone mad and killed all the women who are engaged in their daily affairs as if nothing had happened, I just felt so stupid, the conspiracy is garbage and to round things off there is an ending that looks like it was taken from a rejected episode of The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a brilliant neon neon. <br /> <br /> Director Dante in this presentation definitely does not qualify as Master of Horror to the extent that I am worried, the story has a very bad rhythm, it is so stupid considering that it is played in a straight way and in Instead of trying to make a proper horror show, he presents more of a thriller with his deadly virus in a difficult situation and the subsequent mother and daughter on the scene. run for that, here is very little in what I would call effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene in which a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a brief scene after when a man stabs his own groin with said bottle and another woman is stabbed in the stomach, but there is nothing else to write about. <br /> <br /> Technically, like the other episodes, it's really good and does not look like a cheap TV series, special effects are great and well done. The acting is fine, but nobody really stood out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly Solution is easily the worst Masters of Horror episode I've seen, but keep in mind that I have not seen them all ... yet. As a piece of independent entertainment, he did nothing for me and as a show performed by the so-called Master of Horror disappoints me even more.
