Is the sight of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini almost the only thing that wakes you from your sleep while you see Tashan? The new mega-disappointing and amazing movie in theaters this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible because it takes for granted its audience, terrible also because the filmmakers hope to escape without a plot or common sense just because they have great movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what I describe as a road movie, but it goes in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call-center executive who was hired to teach English to Bhaiyyaji; that's Anil Kapoor, who plays an ambitious UP gangster, desperate to go crazy. Jimmy noticed Pooja, the beautiful young wizard of the gangster (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to cheat his boss of 25 million rupees. Determined to get his money back and also punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted trusted man to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the faithful helper of the Kanpur gangster, who tracks the culprits and retrieves the stolen money that is hidden all over the country. Like those bad pots of the eighties, Tashan also stays together. a threadbare script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so lenient that it can not establish any connection. Instead of a coherent script or a traditional three-act structure, you get a handful of pieces around which most scenes are built in a relaxed way. That shrill theme song in the desert, the bullet action scene in a Rajasthani fort, the Kareeena bikini moment, even that ridiculous climate action scene complete with shaolin monks, a jet ski running through a dirty naala, and Believe it or not, even A tonga on horseback in the style of dhanno. To be fair, not all of these pieces are badly made - the song of the item in the desert is quite clear in reality - but very little makes sense in the larger image, because you simply go from one piece to another without any help from the script . Little do you expect in a seemingly accelerated road movie, find a disgusting sentimental flashback about boyfriends of childhood. You see that the problem with Tashan is that no one associated with this movie knew what movie they were doing. What's more, I do not think they cared either: the movie stinks of arrogance. By arbitrarily packing items of all genres without bothering to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan is like an overcooked stew. There are movies that kill you gently, and then there's Tashan, a movie that kills you excessively. Dazzlingly packaged with camera work in glossy finishes, exotic locations and sophisticated costumes, each frame of the film will probably cost more minutes, but it still feels like a hollow piece at the end because the story does not hold up. Borrowing Tarantino's narrative and Stephen Chow's style does not help either because they do not mix with the plot of the movie. One could have complained a little less if the characters were more attractive, but Anil Kapoor's Hinglish dialogue makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan clumsily fools the film, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, reigns from the exaggerated delivery, does a decent job. But, of course, if Tashan is rescued to some extent, it is thanks to the irresistible presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You shudder when you take your crotch repeatedly, and you frown when delivering those two-way dialogues, but not for a moment you can look away from the screen when it's up. In spite of the good music of Vishal-Shekhar, the songs It seems that they are only prolonging your misery. Well, that's because Tashan is proof of your patience. In case you did not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say, this movie has none.
