Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut should be a fan's dream come true. Finally, the images that are only seen in photos and scenes that only existed on the printed page would finally come to life. A director who could not complete his vision would have the opportunity to recover his vision. It seems a winning situation. And then you start to see this set of images and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of laziness and incompetence. While it's entirely possible that no film can compete with the finished perfect version that each of us has imagined over the years, it really should have been exciting to see this project finally. And only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know that things are shaking when the first bit of text on the screen looks like home computer graphics. But then we start to see new images (alternatives of Superman - The Movie for the trial) and that first doubt vanishes. Hey, this is pretty good! Things are fine for these few fleeting moments until we see STM images interspersed with new effects for this project, and that does not convince at all. And from this moment, it never stops. It is probably not correct to judge a movie because of bad visual effects, but when this is supposedly the direct follow-up of a movie whose label line was "You will believe that a man can fly", it is hard to believe what is shown on the screen here . The best effects in this are the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this clipping. A lot of that just does not make sense. The only reason why all this works is because we've all seen the theatrical version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the holes in this assembly. Part of this could be because Donner could not complete the filming, the other part could be because the creators of this project had the intention of using the least possible amount of material from Lester. What we end up with is a set of images that make Superman IV appear hermetic and coherent. <br /> <br /> After seeing this, one has the feeling that while Lester was faithful and comfortable using Donner's material, Michael Thau and his team was extremely disrespectful towards anything filmed by Lester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that rose relatively intact from the released version of Superman II. That includes the sequence of the moon and the sequence of the diner, not ironically, both were filmed by Donner. But everything else in that movie filmed by Lester is reissued in such a hurried way that it now makes Lester look like a damn who knows nothing. While Lester respected Donner's material, Lester is lying under the bus. <br /> <br /> So, is there anything good in this version? Well, Marlon Brando is in that, and it's great to see him. In fact, seeing any of the material filmed by Donner is clean, since everything was filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But that only highlights the problems of this version. Any of the main scenes (actually, just the Lois jumps and the scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as scenes completed in a section of deleted scenes. Instead, they become a meaningless narrative with inferior performances (many alternative shots of familiar scenes are used) careless editing and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> See the opening scene at the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back when she calls Lois and Clark? In the end, why do we have Lois entering her dark apartment just so Jackie Cooper enters a dark bathroom that turns on the lights? At first I was confused by this, because I expected to see Lois. The whole set is full of questionable options like this one. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a disaster, with no geography between cuts. It's just random action. Of course, the main action scenes were filmed by Lester and his material is only used as a bridge for the next set of Donner shots or alternatives. They should have used more of Lester's images, but probably they were too proud to admit that. <br /> <br /> The neglect also extends to the military missile. As noted elsewhere, the missile shown on The Donner Cut carries the designation "XK 10", while we all know it is the "XK 101". A blind man in STM knows! The producers of this assembly, who tried so hard to honor the original film, dropped the ball in less than five minutes and that error is indicative of the quality of the entire production. For all the supposed care that was put into this, the final product has an air of poor quality that is inescapable. <br /> <br /> The whole issue would probably be easier to digest if Warner did not do a separate version here in the states. As it is, we are expected to pay for what is essentially an extra disc of deleted scenes with the "Play All" option. It's really just worth a visit so we can finally see the legendary cut scenes, but after that initial visualization, I hope this is an excellent magnet for dust and little else. I know that after my experience of seeing this, I had a new respect for Lester's version. No way is perfect, but Lester realized the shortcomings that were in the script that stand out here in a bold relief. He managed to make a movie that he has entertained for many years and will continue to do so, while this new cut will probably only be remembered as a footnote in the history of the film.
