I thought it was about time I let this out. Pokémon fans are suffering in America these days. Why? Because we trust Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to give us our beloved series and movies. As for the series, they do a pretty good job of bringing the fun and magic of Japanese versions to television. So, what is your problem when it comes to movies? Honestly now, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I'll definitely see the fourth one. They are excellent movies. All are nice and fun to watch. And, after watching Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can not help wondering how these American producers read Japanese scripts. The way it appears, they seem to read and see something that says "Insert an empty moral here" in large bold letters. It definitely appears that way, since they used the same wonderful dubbing methods that they used in MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and they created this shit. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers from here * <br /> <br /> Well, I think I should first talk about the Pikachu rescue adventure. My first complaint with this came without narration. I guess they had enough negative comments about the Pokédex narrative that plagued the Pikachu Vacation, and, instead of going with a kind and loving woman's voice as Pikachu did not appear in Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut the narrative completely off. This would not have been a problem, except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why the Exeggcute did not let go of Togepi until the end? Possibly the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. Then, there is the main theme. I could not help but roll my eyes. The Japanese song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This: nauseating. Now, one of my favorite parts of the short was the Kireihana dance. Good music, fun to watch. That has changed with the Bellossom. The music was good, but besides that, all the Pokémon talked during the music, which turned out to be nervous, annoying and simply unnecessary. Oh, and then there's the Poliwhirl who thinks he's a Poliwrath. One would think that the guys who work with these characters constantly, at least, would learn what they are. Basically, not much could save this unfortunate dub, which is very unfortunate considering its potential. But, I have not touched the worst yet. <br /> <br /> You would think that the warning signs would have been evident to me when I received my Nintendo Power edition. For some unfathomable reason, I had been relying on 4Kids and the WB. My thoughts were 'well, they ruined the first movie, but the second one is different in terms of the subject, so they should do it right'. With that in mind, I simply did not pay attention to the warning signs I found in the theaters when the trailers said, 'You'll believe that a person can make a difference.' With the way they said that at every step, I hoped that this would not turn into a moral festival like MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears made in the words "the main feature" The power of one. At that point, I felt a little more uncomfortable. `The power of one ?! ' It is not a good sign. However, I still retained some of my false faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I was literally suffering from stomach cramps when I saw another movie that I loved in Japanese and that became a complete and absolute rubbish. I hear comments that say it was better because the moral was more subtle. I can see a point in that, since they did not succeed, repeating it again and again as in MSB. However, it did more damage than anything else in this movie. First, the legend that was read was modified a bit to read "the world becomes Ash". Ah hah. So, Ash is the chosen one? Whatever is. In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia needed a Pokémon trainer to carry out their traditional ceremony. This time, he is the chosen one. A greater way that this hurt was to Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in a Pokémon movie ... when the movie ABOUT Lugia. In this, Lugia is forced to take a back seat to Ash. In the scene in which they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ash are discussing the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash makes all the difference. In general, in this category, Ash was not really the "person" who would make the difference, as many helped him along the way. <br /> <br /> Many of the other things are a kind of nit selection. Furura's flute song was not as sweet and nice as the Japanese one. Jirarudan's speech to them saying that their collection "started with a Mew card?" Ugh Worse still, Misty's outrage originally related to the way Moltres and Zapdos were detained. Why did not you put them in Pokéballs when you caught them? This is like locking them up so they show up. ' It is very different from complaining that he thinks that Pokémon are things that should be collected as stamps. If there was any real redemption value in this, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. Not really to make me laugh out loud, but more to make me laugh and relieve some of the pains in my stomach. Well, that was officially the last American Pokémon movie that I'm going to see. I have imported the third and I find it very enjoyable. I would prefer that no other Japanese film be ruined in the same way as the first two. I will be importing the room too. I forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You have abandoned me for the last time.
