Well, I found out that this new Justin Timberlake movie will come out that presents some pretty important names. I mean great actors like, The Freeman, also known as Morgan Freeman, an asset to Hollywood, however, is completely wasted in this movie. Then we had Kevin Spacey, who I've been a big fan since I saw American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both great actors probably joined the movie thinking it was going to be a great movie like I did when I heard the story. Then enter a new face of Justin Timberlake. I say cool face because this is his first movie and those rotten tomatoes have not hit him yet. Well, the reason for that, I should add, is that nobody will see this movie or bother reading this review. The movie is so terrible that when I got to the first 15 minutes. The characters were so one-dimensional that it makes some characters in the Bible look like Don Corleone. They got the liners and things worthy of sound. The black man with symbolic problems (LL COOL J) who is with a beautiful woman who would not otherwise belong in real life. The captain is this little guy who speaks in such a loud tone. And what a fucking movie would be complete without the hero getting richer because of an experience. Oh, and a lot of shooting, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NO !!!) The type of firearm that leaves everyone in the police force that has died twisted and the hero prevails. They obtained flamethrowers and rocket launchers, REally is no joke. <br /> <br /> In short, if you want to see Edison it's because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, for All 13-year-old girls out there, enjoy !! I wish I had more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this movie is so terrible because then I could give it so many thumbs down that it could not mean anything because this movie is so terrible because it stinks so much. that made me laugh out of frustration over the story line because it just would not end because the gunshots and screams kept happening. <br /> <br /> MAY * I HAVE MISERICAS IN US AND we save ourselves from these terrible movies. Well, it could be the worst, another terrible RNB actor turned into a singer turned into a terrible actor is an usher, hehe, take a look at lol, or even get rich or die trying. ' Now the special thing about that film is that it has men over 30 years old, who play 16 or even younger teenagers. I could continue with this.
