Well, at least my theater group did it, hahaha. So, of course, I remember seeing Grease since I was a little girl, although it was never my favorite story or music, it still has a special place in my heart since it is very fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided never to see it, but my boyfriend said it was not really that bad and my friend agreed, so I decided to give it a try, but I called her and just laughed. First, the plot is totally stolen from the first and was not really smart, not to mention that they only used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the Pink Ladies and the T-Birds continue after the gangs left? Not to mention the enemy of the engine cycle of the creator's face, gee, what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first movie, as well as with these T-Birds, were simply stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year in Rydell and the music and dancing have not stopped. But when a new student who is Sandy's cousin enters the scene, it is love struck by a pink lady, Stephanie. But she must stick to the code where only the Pink Ladies should stick to the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train as a T-Bird to win her heart. So he dresses like a rebellious bandit from the engine cycle who can walk well and defeat the evil motorcyclists of easily kicking the ends of the T-Bird. But will you tell Stephanie who she really is or will she discover it herself? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like a stupid TV show of some kind that did not work. The gang did not click as well as the first Grease, not to mention that Frenchy was a bit silly and incredible, because I thought he had graduated from Rydell, but apparently not. The songs were not really that sticky; I'm glad Michelle was able to recover so quickly, but it's probably because she was the only one with talent in this silly little sequel, I would not recommend this movie, except if she's curious, but I warned you, this is just a pathetic attempt to get More money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
