Hollywood's mistaken obsession with sequels has resulted in more failures than hits. For each "Godfather II", there are dozens of "More American Graffiti", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". While the original "Grease" is not a great movie, the 1977 adaptation of the long-running Broadway hit has evocative songs from the 1960s, energetic choreography and an engaging cast. When Paramount started working on a follow-up, the producers appeared almost empty in all aspects that made the original a blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for the viewers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and evidently learned to read scripts before. Signing of contracts. Her talent and beauty were already evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to express shame for the humiliating dance routines and the syntonic songs that she is forced to interpret. Maxwell Caulfield, however, lacks even the ability to express shame, and his emotions range from numb to catatonic. What romantic interest, beyond hormones, could Pfeiffer's cheeky cold have in Caulfield's dead end? That boring mystery will last long after the final absurdity of the luau becomes a bad memory. Only the cameos of veterans like Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have some wit, although Lorna Luft rises slightly above the scarce material. <br /> <br /> The reviewers have complained about that, because "Grease 2" is always In comparison with the original, the film comes out lacking. However, even taken on its own terms, the movie is a clunker. After a frantic opening number, which evidently exhausted all the plaster, the energy dissipates. With few exceptions, the original songs hardly resemble the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia evoked is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour." The jokes are not good and the choreography of a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is awkward to be polite. However, worse movies have been inflicted on audiences, and inept sequels will be made as producers try to make a living quickly with the astonishing box office successes. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even involuntarily fun. Instead, the film retains the viewer's attention as a bad train crash. Just when all the bodies seem to have been recovered, the next scene is submerged in an even worse butchery.
