Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality, this time is the best stealth pilot in the United States who was promised a military pardon (... who tried to steal his memory at the beginning of the movie he escaped from the base, then captured after interrupting a gang of thieves in a gas station shooting) if he is able to successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan operated by a group called Black Sunday, who have attacked an Air Force poacher thanks to a US traitor. Along with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly into enemy territory, receiving help from his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David) . They are on the ground Jannick is kidnapped by the leaders of Black Sunday, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his wife, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must discover how not only to return to take command of the kidnapped stealth fighter, but also to rescue him. And, maybe, Sands can take revenge on the traitor he trained, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands has 72 hours until the pilots of a General's Navy bomb the entire area. On board stealth, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to detonate it in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal has the opportunity to shoot at Afghans when he is not cutting his throats with knives. The movie is mostly machine guns firing and bodies falling dead. The configuration of Afghanistan does not withstand the scrutiny (nor the ease with which Seagal and company can move around the area without being detected so easily) and the plot itself is nothing special. The film is edited fast, the camera a little abrupt. Seagal is not as active an hero as he once was and his action scenes are heavily edited, so it's hard for us to see him defeat his enemies, unlike the old days. One of Seagal's poorest efforts, and he's as discreet as ever (it's not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights in close combat with the main villains of the film, it's a shame. It does not even break the wrist or break the neck in any visible way (... surely we see a small resemblance to a tool that is being pulled, but it is not as clear an image as I enjoy because the filmmakers have such fast and vertiginous close-ups).
