Flight of Fury begins when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight of the X-77, a new stealth fighter aircraft with the ability to literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his main pilot, Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint), the job and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted, since Ratcher takes him to northern Afghanistan and delivers it to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday. led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into United States airspace without detection and launch some bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is concerned about the loss of his plane and sends an army of men John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) to retrieve it and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> < br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he directed Seagal after the equally horrible Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007), luckily someone decided that the association would not It was working and an unsuspecting public have been saved from any collaboration between the two. Apparently, Flight of Fury is a word by word remake almost scene by scene from Black Thunder (1988), starring Michael Dudikoff, with many of the same characters that share the same name, so you could use the same dialogue without the creators. have to change things like names, although I must admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and, therefore, I can not compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible film, the waste of badly written time that Seagal specializes in these days. It is boring even if it is not so slow, the characters are poor, they are full of clichés, things happen randomly, the plot is poor, the reasoning behind the events does not exist and it is a very lazy production in general, since it never convinces to the viewer that are close to Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are followed. The action scenes are boring and there is no real emotion in them, the villains are boring, as are the heroes and it is right there with the worst that Seagal has done. of footage that is not even well combined, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and the quality of the film change abruptly, since it is very obvious that we are watching other clips ( better) The movies were spliced. Hell, Seagal never goes anywhere near an airplane on this. The action scenes consist of shootings so poorly edited that it is difficult to say who is who and, of course, Seagal breaks the arms of the people. All production feels very cheap and of poor quality. <br /> <br /> The IMDb considers that it had a budget of around $ 12,000,000, which I think is total rubbish, I mean, if so, where did all the money go? Although set in Afghanistan, which is an arid desert devastated by war, the Flight of Fury seems to have been filmed in my local forests, it was actually filmed in Romania and the Romanian countryside is not a convincing Afghanistan. The acting is terrible as one would expect and Seagal seems bent again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a terrible action movie that is boring, amateur and is a remake of another scene-by-scene movie. Another really loose and badly produced action thriller from Seagal, why do I get more upset?
