After the atrocious Attack Force, the chances were that Seagal could only take one step forward with Flight Of Fury. Smelling the Strike Force would take some action. Flight Of Fury is a remarkable improvement in general, but even in the grand scheme of thought, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently an achievement for Seagal these days, a sad vision of the decline of his film career. Where Attack Force was a mix of plot lines drastically modified from conception to shooting and postproduction, Flight Of Fury maintains the simplest plot line. Someone steals a hi-tech poacher and plans to use it to fire chemical weapons (which, strangely, we will discover, will destroy the entire world in 48 hours). Seagal has to recover the plane. It's that simple, there are no annoying plots, and conspiracies that weigh on the film like so many of his recent works. That does not mean suddenly that the narrative is good, however, it is quite poor. The introduction to secondary characters is wrong, for example. <br /> <br /> In filmic terms, FOF is bad. It is badly performed by everyone involved, and Seagal seems bored to tears. It simply has the appearance of a small child who has been forced to perform the nativity of the school against his will, and therefore plays with a constant grimace and an air of ass. Can we blame Seagal when the material is so ambitious and crude? Not really. This is the final film of his multiple studio contract from Castel Studio. Producers can not bother to do anything remotely good, promising a budget of around $ 12 million, and (after Seagal's mandatory $ 5 million) they're likely to keep a good portion of it (if the movie was made for them). 7 million remaining). , then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So, in that sense, why should Seagal put the effort in a film that already has an ordered distribution before it's done? Although Fan can argue, at least he owes them the effort. He looks seriously tired, and the continued use of confrontations and doubts is one more indication of this. Michael Keusch directs with some efficiency, while cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and as usual at Castel, a standard doubles team) there is nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing that helps the film to Overcome your material, and bored main man. Again, there are some action scenes that focus on characters other than Seagal, which we really do not want to see. <br /> <br /> In general, the action is not so bad. It is nice and violent, and sometimes they give us some nasty blows from Seagal, but in general they are nothing special. Partly because of a bad crew, and lack of time to shoot something too complex or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a nicer film, because while ignoring the incoherent and confusing plot, there were more classic Seagal moments and more of him in the center stage. It never disappeared for long periods during the movie. Seagal disappears strangely during an action scene here, and reappears later, with little explanation. There is too much archival material used. Using ordinary shots is not totally horrendous, but using it as a crutch is. We are treated innumerable shots of establishment of naval ships, all the time, which become annoying. In addition, the continuity of the archival material is everywhere (just check the funds, cut and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is right in the middle of the road. It says it all, that the best scene in the movie is a girl scene with completely unnecessary and free girl, with two hot girls. Seagal is even briefly animated too! In general, this may be one of the best creators of actions based on footage, but that does not say much at all. This will please many fans, but you should keep in mind that Seagal will probably want to forget about this one. **
