More than 50 years, hysterical hyper-joy of big eyes, which gives a new meaning to pathological and antisocial behavior. Dance and Grayson will leave you begging for mercy. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that all the people involved in the making of this film are now dead (or in nursing homes). I thought a little about suing them for torture. When this movie began to unleash its blatantly aggressive operatic assault on my poor and defenseless eardrums, I felt an intense and instantaneous pain envelop my entire being. That damn muscle vibrato can smash the Soviet tanks into small pieces, without thinking about the glass. <br /> <br /> "Why did not you change the channel if you did not like it?", you could ask angrily. Fair point, just point ... The answer is that I wanted to do it, but the pain was so sudden and so unbearable that I fell to the floor, writhing in pain. With my last ounces of energy, I tried to reach the remote control but I could not. <br /> <br /> Niven discovers a silly fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice. "Pigmalionize" him. Lanza is in love with Grayson asymmetrically, but predictably treats him with contempt until they finally get hooked. This may seem a pretty thin plot, but this noisy movie is so full of songs and songs that there is almost no dialogue. This movie is not related. Forget about torturing hippies and prisoners of war with Slayer's "Reign In Blood" (as in an episode of South Park). Whatever little conversation there is among the foolish adults who infest this strange musical world of the 50s, everything is childish, as if all 6-year-old children supplanted adults. I can only envy people who find movies like this funny. It must be great to be easy to please: what a wonder it will open to me if I could just enjoy a silly old joke like a hilarious and heartbreaking comedy. <br /> <br /> But let's examine this phenomenon, the 1950s musical. My best guess is that the musicals of the 1950s offered the most dreamy idealists among us a look at Utopia or Heaven (depending on whether you goes to the church or the tomb of Lenin), or at least a very cheesy version of these fantasies. Inspired places TTONO is more like a representation of hell, but that's just me. It seems that I do not "understand" musicals. People talk, there is a story, but then, suddenly, everyone starts singing for about 4 minutes, after which they calm down abruptly and then pretend that nothing unusual happens. When you think about it, musicals are stranger than any science fiction movie. <br /> <br /> Worse yet, TTONO (my favorite type of pizza, by the way) is not just a musical of the 50s, but one with opera squeals. Opera is proof that there is such a thing as the excessive training of a voice, to the point that it becomes a weapon that pierces the ears rather than a means to bring pleasure to the listener. The clearest example of this farce is when Lanza and Grayson unite their vocal powers of the Dark Side for a truly unbearable duo. I tried to lower the volume. I lowered it from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then, 8. I ended up lowering it to 1, which is usually so low that only specially trained dogs and certain types of marsupials listen to it, and even so, EVERYTHING I could listen to those two muttering like donkeys! <br /> <br /> Take the scene in the small boat on the river. Dance begins with one of its deafening melodies, which kills the brain, and then ... nothing. There are no animals anywhere to be seen. Even the crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, are gone. If you look closely, you can even see that the trees change color, from green to yellow, in a matter of minutes. No, this was not an error of continuity, it was simply an ancient torture of the flora. And those trees were just matte paintings! Imagine how the real trees would have reacted. <br /> <br /> The reason why the glass breaks when a high C of the overweight belly of an operatic screamer is spit out is not due to any laws of physics related to waves and frequency, but because glass is only human, therefore, it can only endure a lot of pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self-explosion. I can listen to the noisiest and least friendly death metal band for hours, but give me just a minute of soprano and my head hurts.
