It has been said that "a city on a hill can not hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, perched on the side of Mt. Davidson at 6200 feet west of Tahoe is a good example, or in the context of the movie, it should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream like a rain of gold and silver, suspiciously the same year the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of the dean of American letters; It was where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and became the most famous writer in the United States. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's great fortune, and the launch pad of John Mackay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made the movie about him! In the city of 1860 Virginia was THE booming city of all booming cities, home to the great bonanza, once the largest "metropolitan" area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the movie) loses all that and is more about a North / South duel between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, an officer of the Union who is a prisoner of war in a concentration camp run by a petty Confederate commander named Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two always get in the way of the other. Bradford escapes and then tries to stop a shipment of gold ingots that "slip away" from VC by who else. . . Irby! "Hey, what are you doing here?" Horrible. Bogart plays a laughable Mexican bandit who can not decide which side he is on. Miriam Hopkins plays a murky character called "Julia Hayne", obviously a historic onslaught of the city's first lady, Julia Bulette, who in real life is a famous prostitute. She goes to Washington and talks with Honest Abe about saving BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging himself and blah, blah, blah. Go figure. They should have hung the writer. In "real life," Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun caused the American flag to climb the mountain. Davidson to appear before the bewildered residents to be strangely on fire, something like the movie. Three days later they discovered that that day he capitulated the south. An interesting peculiarity of the film is how comrades Alan Hale and Guin Williams throw their pistols forward when they shoot, as if they were fishing, or trying to make the bullets go faster. It's not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of nonsense is the foam on sap and corn throughout the film. My God, how could they lose the golden madness, the dazzling wealth, the battles in the silver mines, Mark Twain running out of the city and being beaten after a confrontation, the twisted railway, the fire of the Opera, the neighborhood of Artemis, the huge funeral of Bulette? Chinese clothespins, black salons, auction. . ? All this on top of a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was unreal. Did your fabulous wealth really provoke the great American holocaust? Well, if you tell this movie, it would not be the first debacle to leave Virginia City. It is a disappointment for the fans of Virginia City because it misses what turned the city into a "city of illusions", where it is said that evil filters out of the earth. . . Well, other than that, it's a fun movie. Flynn and the gang are always great, no matter what story they are destroying. If Flynn only played his rotten I would double my qualification.
