Totally ridiculous If you know something about poker, you will find it absolutely atrocious but also entertaining because you have no idea. The nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows a bit about the game of poker, but I doubt he played above 3-6. (I think he does not know golf either). Where to start I have seen better productions in the Introduction to Film class I did in the first year of the film school. The actors that are seen in this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the loser who can never win in poker. Everyone else is made of wood, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man with whom the film begins in the opening sequence is the only reason why the film was made. He is a railway man who does not play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. I can not think of a more useless waste of money than this man who faces this meaningless production. It is appropriate that he has had such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless secondary characters whose plots do not resolve in the least. Queen mom has a scene of theft of shows in which she throws her losing boyfriend out a window and tries to shoot her brain. Also the nameless Arabs in the convenience store also offer brilliant performances when they debate whether to beat or kill an elderly lady who steals them. Their subtle performances are easily among the highlights of the movie. It makes you wonder why they bothered to make all these whites play the clues. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, a complete nonsense. Plan 9 of outer space has a little more coherence. If you play poker, you may want to laugh. Also, if you're a Christian, you can enjoy a hard-nosed religious conversation that splashes the movie like pepper without meaning. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they know nothing about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen have been involved in this farce because I can not help thinking less about them. They must be jealous of Johnny Chan for entering Rounders.
