Murder By Numbers is one of those movies that you expect to be made for television, but they are not. Considering that the only actor of any note is Bullock (although Michael Pitt seems to be moving towards bigger and better things), it is not a big surprise that this movie quickly fades from memory to be replaced by more important things. Like ... remember to close the door of your house when you leave. Or put on your clothes again when you get out of the shower. <br /> <br /> Bullock plays Cassie Mayweather, a police officer with personal problems (not all of them). Together with her new partner (Ben Chaplin, wet-looking), they call her to investigate the murder of a young woman. There is nothing unusual there, except that the criminals are a couple of teenage students who think they have planned and executed the perfect murder. As the investigation continues, a battle of wills arises between Cassie and the main suspect Richie Haywood (Ryan Gosling). <br /> <br /> The paralyzing problem here is that the two tracks are hopeless. Bullock, although he is very nice to see, is as credible in the role of a hardened cynical cop as Rodney Dangerfield (actually, he would be better!). Chaplin, for his sins, is a complete non-entity and I feel sorry for having to put this movie on his CV in his attempt to break into Hollywood. At least Gosling and Pitt, as the suspected suspects of contempt, were properly acquitted. As if the false clues were not bad enough, a story that would send anyone to sleep and a highly predictable (but illogical) ending will film this movie in your head before you have a chance to run. <br /> <br /> "Murder By Numbers" has absolutely nothing in its favor, even a pointless nudist scene by Bullock would not redeem it. Well, just a little but not yet enough to save it. Forgetful, predictable and redundant: this is a movie that is not going to advance the police genre. As Cassie probably says in her next case, there's nothing to see here, people. Move forward, keep moving ...
