We are going to enter the world of this movie for a second, so you can better understand the type of film we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies where the bad guy and his thugs have released 50,000 bullets shooting the good man behind walls and pillars, screaming at them, and then finally I found the good man face to face and in place to kill him ... instead of wasting this guy who caused you so much grief ... instead of just uploading and POP! ..... What do you do? The bad boy ... talks to him. Grab the good guy and talk to him while holding his gun. THEY DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO SPEAK! SHOOT HIM! ENJOY NOW! But he talks to you anyway. Oh something else. In the end, a newspaper says "THE HISTORY OF THE PULITZER PRIZE WINNER HERE" or something just above on the front page of a newspaper, when it is like the first time the story is printed. So, how in the heezy did someone win a Pulitzer so fast? Yes, do you know that kind of stupid movies? Yes, that's Edison in a few words. <br /> <br /> You get the cool Mr. Morgan Morgan and the elusive Kevin Spacey, who both phone completely in their roles, LL Cool J, who frowns literally at every moment of the movie, while proposing to his girlfriend in a damn night club of all places, and the last line of "Duck" was something like a lethal weapons movie that was never made ... and Justin Timberlake whimpering and puking nonsense every time he talks, arrogant little bastard. The only bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott making his best impression of "Denzel from Training Day", which was quite entertaining. <br /> <br /> Oh, yes, what is the movie about? Hey, something about the scandals involving the police force of Edison's fictional special unit called "FRAT (I swear I'm not inventing these things) that was supposed to be an obvious SWAT game. Anyway, the little super singer Journalist Justin Timberflake Smells Something After a murder involving 2 covert FRAT cops, he sneaked around looking for a story, earning the trust of his boss (Freeman) on the way as both unravel something even bigger and sinister than both they thought, blah blah, it's like a pelican pirate, the training was slow and off, the script was horrible and the performance was extremely boring, it jumped everywhere without going anywhere, people get into commas and you forget Everyone in this movie just did not THINK Damn it, a stupid movie It's getting harder to write some kind of criticism because the movie went away from me being at the time it ended ... No lie Basically, d o DO NOT waste your time!
