They must issue this plot scheme to all aspiring filmmakers who arrive at the Hollywood bus station. Then fill in the blanks and establish their history in any city or urban ghetto from which they have just arrived. You know exactly what this film is about from the opening shot, four small children playing in grainy slow motion, accompanied by voice over narration. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy file images of four small children playing in grainy slow motion. Once they have grown, it is easy to find the writer / director among the four. He is the quiet, contemplative and with long hair that is never seen without his composition book tucked in his pants. This means that your excellent writing talent will be your Hickville ticket to Hollywood. Only there is no writing, or talent management on display here. And if you still can not find out what he is, here is a clue: the author and his character have the same middle name. It took more than an hour to realize that these twenty-something men must still be in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the director turned out to be the director. Again, the poor and misunderstood rebel can hit everyone in the movie on the sidewalk, murder and looting, but can not cope with his alcoholic father. How about you hit back, as you do with everyone else? Numerous scenes of fistfight with no apparent purpose. Howling the dialogue badly. Many scenes badly out of focus. The cartoon characters continue to appear as players and extras, causing unintentional laughter from the main audience. Exaggerating in the extreme. And if you do not understand important discourses, or scenes in slow motion, just listen to the dominant music. It will give you a clue and what you are supposed to feel. Poor Marisa Ryan must be accumulating a lot of frequent traveler's mileage while traveling across the country working on these regional amateur movies. The biggest sin is that the audience is supposed to feel sympathy for the children who kill the old women, run over the puppies chained to a tree, steal and steal, while complaining about their sad and sad lives. But if only we could leave this town and go to university. Yes, that's the ticket. Why does every twenty-something filmmaker believe that his life so far is so important, so interesting, that the world can not wait to see it on screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, then it is better that the author is looking over his shoulder at policemen carrying fugitive orders.
