This is a very worn story about a man who marries to escape the hangman's rope, and then tries to "tame" his reticent girlfriend. He manages to be sexist and racist at the same time. We never discovered, for example, why a woman who earned the respect of an Indian warrior is completely incapable of fighting her former husband. Or why the members of your team are so eager to have a "real man" in the saddle when it seems that she has taken care of things well on her own. This only made sense in the fifties in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> There is a really stupid scene in which she flatters him and he actually catches the whip - the second time - then rips her off his horse. It does not matter that the first time I would probably have missed an eye, which would make it very difficult to grab that whip! Then, he prevails in a fight against his Indian bodyguard, where he spends the first two thirds of it being beaten into a pulp. That is a second wind. Later, he negotiates successfully with some bloodthirsty Indians (since they are all in these films) after they reject her now that she is his "squawk". It does not matter that he has zero diplomatic skills and she has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he continues to reject his attempts to seduce him just to keep her interested and prevent her from grabbing him, yes, of course. Like women, they simply throw themselves at him along the way. <br /> <br /> Finally, neither of them is convincing in their roles. Madison is just an imbecile who has unreal luck. Fleming flips his hair and frowns a lot, but he's not as convincing as a hot tomboy. The only reason you would encourage her is because you want to see Madison tied to a runaway horse and dragged by a cliff before the film ends. The way Madison dominates Fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will irritate you a lot if you see women as more than inflated dolls. Even if you see them as dolls, the total lack of suspense bores you. <br /> <br /> Total loss of time. Even the stage a bit boring. Give this one a great fault.
