When Sam Peckinpah's superlative, THE WILD BUNCH (1969), opened the door to outrageous exhibitions of graphic cinematographic ultraviolence, he did it with a talented hand (though marinated with whiskey) that guided the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had real depth. , but at no time were dozens of imitators that fell far from the reference point established by the Peckinpah epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into that category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE tells the story of the fault. Crest Lee (Candice Bergen) of New York, a proto-hippie blonde who has been "rescued" from the two years of "captivity" between the Cheyenne and is now being sent to a fort where she will meet the girlfriend she only wants get married for your money. Also on board the car in which he is traveling there is a shipment of government gold, the cash that the Cheyenne need to buy weapons, so that, in a short time, the soldiers are eliminated and Cresta flees to the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the solitary cavalry soldier. Calling Gant for the malevolent nickname "Soldier Blue", Cresta shows that his years among the "savages" were a time well spent, beating Gant in survival skills, common sense and balls, and on his journey to the fort, They must persevere against the elements, a hostile Kiowa gang, an unscrupulous merchant? played by Donald Pleasance, here presenting one of his most ridiculous performances, and that says something? and, according to the tradition of many earlier romantic comedies of the Western style, with each other. <br /> <br /> During the course of their misadventures, the two opposites are inevitably. and predictably? Do they attract each other and finally end up putting it in motion? while Gant has a freshly treated bullet wound that was wiped through his leg, no less? in what was surely the only cave conveniently located for at least a twelve mile radius that was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what, to say nothing of the Cheyenne, who could have done something really elegant with a cousin apartment (there I go, thinking again in terms of real estate in New York). <br /> <br /> Realizing that his love could never flourish outside the cave, Cresta leaves Gant and arrives alone at the fort only to discover that the imbecile in charge will not forgive a couple of men so they can rescue a gant; the regiment needs all the personnel available to launch an attack in the nearby village of Cheyenne, and once Cresta realizes that, he slips past his nasty horny husband and goes directly to the Cheyenne to warn them what it's coming. <br /> <br /> What happens next is what won the movie its infamy; It turns out that all the crazy adventures and disputes were just a clue to a disgusting re-enactment of the Sand Creek Massacre in 1864, an orgy of rape, torture and the evil sadistic general perpetrated in the name of "keeping the country clean." and almost forty years after its release, this sequence still disturbs and produces nausea for its cruelty. Children are trampled under the hooves of horses loaded or impaled on bayonets, unarmed people are beheaded. A good effect, I have to admit ?? Women are stripped and kicked by gangs of enslaving brutes, then raped and mutilated. In a truly sick case, a nude native woman fights too much, so her rapist decides to cut her breasts, which fortunately we only see the beginning before the camera chronicles some other horrible act. and dozens of innocent people are shot and dismembered, their integrated parts impaled on pikes and agitated in victorious celebrations or saved as the most macabre memories. No kidding, this scene would instantly get an NC-17 rating if it were published today, to say nothing of the possible interest groups of Native Americans who riot in the streets for the incredibly exploitative way in which the atrocities are depicted. <br /> <br /> I'm in favor of westerns who do not shy away from honest portrayals of how the West won, or being stolen if the truth is told, but this movie has no idea what kind of film wants to be; One minute is a hard-nosed pseudo-hippy lecture on how the natives' treatment was totally eliminated (well, DUH!), then it's a lighthearted battle of the sex farce in which Cresta is tested five times more than Gant . and manages to look sexy in her tasty red calico poncho (no underwear), but it all comes out the window when Donald Pleasance appears with a couple of hilarious toothless teeth (?) and our heroes must figure out how to escape from their murderous claws in a subplot that does not go anywhere, all of which culminates in the aforementioned apocalyptic climax. Any of those tacks would have been fine for a coherent movie, but the end result is a slapdash disaster that milked the horrors of its last ten minutes for all that was worth in the promotion of the film and the poster images. <br /> <br /> But in trying to be all things to all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE ends up being an incoherent and beloved Mulligan of presumably well-intentioned political correctness, but if they were to tell the story of the Arena. Creek Massacre, would not it have been a good idea to have some Indian characters who were more than just walk-ons with Murphy Brown as their spokesperson? We know absolutely nothing about people who are eliminated only for what seems to be a ploy to lure gorehound viewers to see "the wildest movie in history". If you, like me, were intrigued by the provocative ads and criticisms that praise him for his "daring to say it as it was," take my word and let SOLDIER BLUE fade slowly into the cinematic darkness.
