LL Cool J performed much better in this movie than I expected! He did a fabulous job acting as a "renegade" policeman in a "renegade" department. From the beginning, he does a great job building the viewer's empathy for his character and the situation in which he finds himself. It acts like a kind of "gentle giant": a person whose harsh exterior can scare anyone, however, whose heart is clearly in the right place from the beginning, and he does an incredible job. He was clearly the best character in the movie. <br /> <br /> This was undoubtedly a performance that won no prize for Morgan Freeman. After starring in such powerful films as Shawshank Redemption, this film was definitely a step down. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor, and in terms of the conglomeration of characters sadly placed him in the background. There are many ways in which his character (Moses Ashford) could have taken a more fundamental role. That he was not disappointed and a real disappointment. I expected to see more of him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Timberlake should have stayed in the music industry. His portrayal of a young journalist was ill-acted and unconvincing. This movie is a typical action movie that (at least initially) resembles corrupt police issues that LA has experienced in the past. Being an action movie, it has its share of shooting scenes, blood and guts. These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable. See the beginning of the film there is very little suspense about what will happen at the end, think about what would normally be expected in a bad police / police conflict, and it looks little like a REAL police shooting -out. <br /> <br /> What bothered me the most was the way the Timberlake character behaved during the shooting scenes. He begins to have weapons and does not use them. Then, when he finally uses one, he shoots it as if he had been firing a weapon all his life. Then he runs out of bullets and does not have a weapon, and 30 seconds later, without moving or anything, he suddenly has 2 more loaded weapons AND additional ammunition? Small plot errors like this really ruined the movie for me. <br /> <br /> If you're looking for a blatantly fictitious plot in a fantasy world where everything goes well, then you'll probably love this movie. Personally, I do not care what kind of movie it is, as long as it's realistic. Make me believe that the story is true. This story was so obviously fictitious in so many aspects that I left feeling dissatisfied.
