Spoilers <br /> <br /> Wow, END OF THE WORLD is a singularly disappointing film experience. <br /> <br /> Here is the full story: a scientist receives messages from space (to the DAY OF INDEPENDENCE). The messages say that things like a massive disaster are about to happen and then the scientist listens later on the radio that a big earthquake has just happened in China. Start thinking that the messages have something to do with disasters around the world, so you are trying to find out who is receiving the messages (and who is also sending messages to space). He and his wife finally realize that the messages come from a convent. They visit it. Everything seems normal, including the priest played by a bored Christopher Lee. But the scientist is inflexible and really believes that the messages come and go to that convent. So he and his wife secretly return to the convent, where they are caught nosing around the aliens, disguised as priests and nuns. They hold them against their will and the extraterrestrial played by Lee forces the scientist to obtain something they need so that they can return to their planet. Once the alien gets the special element, all the aliens depart one by one to their home planet on a kind of sticky-looking conveyor platform. Lee, being the last remaining alien, tells the couple that the earth will be destroyed due to some sort of extraterrestrial decision. Lee enters the transporter and is gone. The couple, looking at the monitors that show archive images of natural disasters that occur around the world, decide to follow the aliens. Because the earth is doomed, the couple sees no point of being left behind, so they walk on the conveyor and disappear. The last photo of the film is an explosion of the planet Earth from paper mache. The end. <br /> <br /> That's it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen such a boring movie in my life. It's the most disappointing movie I've experienced. The scientist and his wife are two of the worst heroes or protagonists that have been put on screen. They do not care about anything. They see the disasters of the earth on the monitors and decide "what the heck, who needs the land anyway?" They do not even try to stop them or do anything to make things better. This kind of story could have worked if the movie had an overwhelming sense of doom for everything, but the action and the environment are nonexistent. The actors and the people behind this boring movie are going through their steps, so much so that you can almost feel it when they punched their cards when they got off and went back to work. I did not expect much with this movie because it IS a Charles Band production, but I did not expect it to be so bad. <br /> <br /> Once Christopher Lee was asked what was the worst movie he had ever done. and he mentioned INVASIONS OF THE STAR Well, I'm sorry, Chris, but STARSHIP INVASIONS was really fun. STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible but terribly entertaining. THE END OF THE WORLD is MUCH, MUCH, the worst: it is beyond boring and inert, with NO entertainment value at all.
