I hate to sound like an 'old person', but frankly I have not seen too many movies that I like that were made after 1960 ... in general, the movies seem to get worse and worse (although I quite enjoyed the Scott Baio vehicle "The Bread , My Sweet ", except for the 'rigeur' sex scene that added NOTHING of value to THAT movie). This film makes the mother, a former girl from the Las Vegas choir, seem unable to survive alone, even though she is clearly in her 50s (although she insinuated being in her 40s). I did not buy it. I am 57 years old and like all the women I know in their 50s and 40s, more than capable of surviving on my own (as I have been doing since I graduated from high school at age 13, I emancipated legally and started My own life travel.) <br /> <br /> The daughter is not credible in her job role ... she gets a promotion she does not deserve (a great opportunity) and also throws the ball, but when another employee is He takes charge ready to surrender, the writers reject him as an "opportunist", when he was doing what any career-oriented person would do: take advantage of an open opportunity created by a lack of self-esteem. discipline of his co-worker, a girl who apparently does not understand the concept of keeping his promises (to his boss, in this case). <br /> <br /> The daughter reluctantly "allows" her mother to stay with her, temporarily, but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her Life and raised her to adulthood) as a pariah. Apparently gut 'writers' like this do not understand that it is NOT 'common' for PARENTS to act as children and then be treated as children by their children. That's just one more part of society's "nonsense" that Hollywood keeps trying to force our throats as if we, their audience, were stupid for wanting to be entertained by their creative offers. <br /> <br /> This is a sad movie with a stupid ending. If the young restaurant owner had been real and not a two-dimensional "television character," he would have stayed with the MOTHER, who was not much older than him and quite attractive. But in the end, he "falls in love" with the daughter, a shallow and uninteresting girl who has that tenderness of youth, but in an ordinary and soft way. (The young "opportunist" who worked with this girl from nothing was much more attractive, physically.) <br /> <br /> No credible reason was presented to the audience as to why the restaurant owner preferred the daughter ( that she was a shy, selfish and self-centered woman who treated her mother with an incredible lack of respect for the mother: a good-hearted woman, with a sweet, humorous character and a joy of life that the daughter could not even start Of course, the mother had her own shortcomings ... she had reacted to the disappearance of her husband by drinking in a stupor for a year or two later, which supposedly created the break between her and her gala daughter. /> <br /> Regardless of how the characters were or were not developed, this is a nonsense movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time unless you really like baloney. (Where is the mustard? )
