Even though I did not have an earthly idea about what to expect from this movie, it sure was not what I would have had in mind, if there really was something in my mind. Once I knew of his existence, all I knew was that I had to have a movie called Please, do not eat the babies. unfortunately, I could only find a copy under its alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I could call it a lose-lose situation. On the one hand, I still do not get to be known as the guy who owns a movie called Please Do not Eat Babies, and on the other hand, Island Fury would finally reveal itself as a horrible, meaningless, boring person. disposable piece of garbage. Yes, definitely lose-lose. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure what gender they're looking for here. Only evil of the early 80's, with a flashback that could actually be longer than no flashback. First of all, two bad girls chase two teenagers, once they get caught, the bad ones catch our attention that one of the girls has a coin on a string, around her neck, and somehow, these bad guys know a lot more. More of these coins hidden in an island somewhere. And this is where things get strange, somehow, these guys know about a trip that girls made to an island, years before, when they were only 10 years old. I guess this means that girls should know exactly where this supposed treasure is. is. So, now, we're in the past, while the girls try to retrace their steps, so these bad guys do not kill them, although I would not have minded if they had. In the flashback, the 10-year-old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and the sisters' boyfriends, and as they pass through an island in search of air, they mix with some child and their murderous grandparents. Any possible suspense or reasons to keep watching never appear, but the flashback was undeniably better than the present, which, even so, does not say much. <br /> <br /> For a while there I had forgotten about the original Story. At one point, I thought maybe the director had done it too, and when the flashback ended, that would be the end, which would have worked for me considering that this disappointment would have been half an hour shorter. This meaningless movie in a meaningless movie eventually ends, and real things happen, but it's stupid. I guess I did not exactly expect a movie full of devoured babies, or anything like that, but I did expect some form of extravagant B entertainment, mostly just a confusing and inept, insecure story of its kind. My advice would be to look for something worthwhile like the attack of beast creatures. If someone, I would only recommend this to the collectors of serious B movies that should have them all, any interested person is probably brain damaged. What really bothers me is that I still have no idea why they called him, please do not eat the babies. 3/10
