When a movie in a book seems useless and incomprehensible, the cause can invariably be found in the book: either it did not make sense to start, or the point is not easily transmitted to the movie, or the movie loses the point, which is the the most frequent of these results and the easiest to happen, especially when the point is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt this and felt as if he had received it; but I suspect that most of them could not express it in words. I'm not sure I can do it myself, but maybe it's about this, or something like that: things come, things go, that's life, but we keep going; or, in any case, some of us, people like Morvern, do it. No doubt, a more scholarly critic could construct a more adequate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point, possibly the sum of the whole story is the point, and that this would have been the main thing to take into account, and continue, to adapt the story to the movie. The creator of this movie evidently did not understand the point, and it does not replace one's own; and that's why the movie is not about anything. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint of a book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something I reluctantly recognized: reading it seemed like a bloody nuisance, and a chance to kick the author in the pants and get him to finish the job correctly. It is assumed that the narrative is the work of Morvern, who has a middle education, but that illusion is constantly dissipated with a dozen different types of literary effect, as if the author were touching it with his pen; there are inconsistencies of style and tone, as if different sections had been composed at different times; and any conclusion that could be reached about Morvern had to remain tentative because it was not clear what implications the author intended and what not: for example, despite Morvern's own characterization as a thief, I am wrong and in the end she continues being essentially a working-class Scottish, and under its envelope of music downloads not so different from previous generations? In any case, despite my irritation for the author, I could not deny that his book stayed with me; and what I could not get out of my head was the attitude of his character, his angle with the world, which was almost as vivid as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is the kind of person who always finds situations that are at the same time quite funny and quite horrible; from time to time he invites them, but more often they land on it, like flies, so much of his life consists of a kind of gauche but elegant, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical, and that does not begin to describe it in a way idiosyncratic enough. The complex of incidents and Morvern's responses to them are the substance of the book and its achievement, by exposing a cross-section of existence would be difficult to clarify otherwise; For everything I do not like about the book, I can see this. <br /> <br /> The Morvern I just described is not the Morvern of the movie; Or if it is, most of it stays off the screen. An actress who could have been a good choice for the character, if she had been the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, from the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton, then, would seem a good casting: it is rather the same type of actress, and in one of his previous films, "The Son of Jesus", played a girl who with a few adjustments could have become this. Unfortunately, as the movie turned out, she does not have the character of the book to play. On the one hand, the book is one that, if it is going to be dramatized, virtually claims monologues from the main character to the audience; Without your comments, your perspective, your voice, the story loses most of its meaning. He has lost more than he owed because the adapter has purged him of his comic and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents in the book are reduced before they become cumbersome, and therefore Morvern's answers (whether of amusement or displeasure , depending on your mood) are also missing, and the incidents no longer have a reason to be in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose, for some reason, to turn an energetic and daring and comic novel into an elegant art television film, and chose as his typical image one of Mrs. Morton's that languishes in an artistically shaded melancholy; As if the excursion that Morvern registered for was a tour of the Stations of the Cross. This is not at all what the book is about, or the Morvern of the book. On the other hand, the Morvern of the film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she had not had time to study the accent), and it should be: it's important that she, her family and her classmates are all from one place . And finally, the film is missing the end of the story: Morvern is spending all he has and returning home to the icy darkness: it's winter, the dam has frozen, the power is gone and the pub is dark. Less this, and less the rest, what remains is a failed art film, a dead film, on a theme whose strength lies precisely in its refusal, or native inability, to yield to death.
