This show is a perfect example of how the CBC should stick to comedy news, sports or satirical sketches. As a situation comedy developer, CBC has shown that he can combine the brightness of "King of Kensington" with the laughter of "The Beachcombers." It is a disgrace for major programs like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" that have to share their comic roots with this limited production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that I did not. Give this show a great opportunity from the first time I heard about your concept. To begin with, half of the concept is a direct attempt to defraud one of the few sitcom hits in English-Canadian history, "Corner Gas." The rest of the concept, cultural shock, is far from original and is used too often as a crutch for the laziness of screen writing. The selection of the Muslim religion as the basis for the "fish out of water" characters seems to be a desperate attempt to be "nervous" and "topical", but it is forced. Some of the jokes that are based on the reaction of the local public to the newcomers are indifferent and totally insulting to the intelligence of all those involved, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of how CBC simply does not work. Do not "understand" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when presented to Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented so harshly and forcefully. It would be a refreshing change to see CBC introduce diversity into a television program without making the show all about that diversity. I doubt that CBC has enough talent to do something so subtle. A comparison could be made of the way in which diversity is represented in Corner Gas, ie. Aboriginal characters are not distinguished by their ethnic origin nor their heritage is used to generate narrative lines. More realistically, their lives and those of the other characters intertwine in a way that makes ethnicity no more meaningful than any of their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> That said, even as a fish of unusual formula. The aquatic comedy of this show fails. The acting is weak, the comic rhythm throughout the map and the premises of the story that I saw were too far from the suspension of belief, even for a comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly lost here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a try once the "hype" of the CBC had died out; but the only thing I could stand was two episodes: I could almost feel that my dumbbells were closing with each failed blow. The time slot would be better served by broadcasting more Coronation Street, Air Farce or Dr. Who repeats. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
