We all know that some of the best movies of all time are based on books. While they were not particularly accurate adaptations, these films were, nevertheless, excellent films. Some great examples are the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and, to a lesser extent, almost all the Disney films that have been made. However, I regret to announce that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of those movies. Not only does it not meet some of the most basic expectations of Madeleine L'Engle's fan base, but it also manages to defy the standards of script writing, acting, special effects and, ultimately, respect for the audience. Of course, I'm not trying to be bad; On the contrary, I entered into this matter with an open mind. I thought a fact for T.V. The film would compensate for his lack of glare in his script. After all, the Ewoks spin-off of Star Wars was decent, if a bit silly. Now that I think about it, the original Star Wars was made with "a budget of money for lunch," and look where it took George Lucas! However, from the first scene on, the disappointment began to wrap me up as if I had come too close to the Black Thing while playing with the technique. <br /> <br /> In the same way that Greedo's shots became the symbol of the 1997 Star Wars Special Edition (a disaster of monumental proportions involving a dissatisfied director who makes several horrible changes to a beloved classic), Mrs. Whatsit has become official Become my personal symbol of the confusion and stupidity that is A Wrinkle in Time. The reason for this is the fact that it has been mutated beyond belief. Apart from the slightly controversial decision to choose Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star-turned-mentor, the filmmakers decided it was appropriate to present her as a crow. That's right, a crow. On the other hand, the celestial form of this beloved character has been hacked by what appears to be a demented eight year old; The majestic half man, half horse with wings has become a huge human head with a spooky smile mounted awkwardly on the body of a horse that has a pair of wings in the middle. If I had been five years old, this would have traumatized me psychologically for life. The worst part is the fact that when he spoke, he showed himself from behind to avoid the responsibility of synchronizing his lips, which resulted in a scene that was spent looking at the back of his head and seeing only one immobile cheek, which makes that The piece of special effects less credible than ET <br /> <br /> Having taken the most painful part of the road, I must continue with the one that induces the tears: the characters, the acting and the story. I personally had always imagined that Meg would look a little like Moaning Myrtle in the Harry Potter films: straight hair, glasses and a figure that most supermodels would find ridiculous. He was always a mathematical genius, slightly anxious and pessimistic pessimist, who simply could not care less about Nicaragua's imports and exports. In the movie, she is an unpleasant skill for which I have no sympathy. In fact, it makes me feel bad for poor Mr. Jenkins, the principal of his school, who continually has to deal with her. Calvin, the kind and intelligent kid that everyone thinks is an athlete has become an athlete. The irony is horrible. As for the memorable Happy Medium, they took the nice old lady who liked to watch happy things and replaced her with a being that is "above the genre" and likes to watch "fun" things, like the girls that fall from the swings . The only three people I can think of who did decent work are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and Man With Red Eyes (nicknamed "The Dude With Red Eyes" because of his complete reinvention as a character). <br /> <br /> History is a disaster. A good comparison with this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did not do a good job in retelling the story found in the book, but remained unique to the original work. Here, the sole of the book is to have a pleasant chat with Hades in the underworld, apparently not realizing that his body is being destroyed. While the Dark Lord complements the idea of ​​how well it proved that the truth must be felt and not seen, the flat-nosed wookies of Ixchel (which replace the wonderful beings that keep Aunt Beast in their ranks) tear the spine. While the God of the Dead observes how subtle was the terror of Camazotz, similar to the Earth, the torn pages disperse in the sandstorm and get lost in the darkness of the land of evil. <br /> <br /> I am very sorry that this movie exists. I do not think the actors were really bad. It's the way the characters are written that ruins it. A Wrinkle in Time deserved to be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, improved on Industrial Light and Magic, scored by John Williams, given his sound on Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. current state, the film is not worthy of being shown to people who respect themselves. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the movie was bad and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (if you could) <br /> <br /> Advantages: <br /> <br /> They have the correct names. <br /> <br /> Cons: <br /> <br /> He had horrible problems with the level of adaptation, script, acting and special effects of Cliffs Notes, not to mention the lack of evidence of having read the book. Oh, and the main cover / poster has an image of the three main characters riding a flying horse over a castle. Some might say that this symbolizes high adventure. I say it symbolizes the artist's irresponsibility of the cover that did not even bother to correctly place the arm of Photoshop Meg.
