Or "Marlowe in the sea". However, another old movie ridiculously overrated with Bogey. Quite talkative, too. Bogey basically plays the same character as in Marlow's films; always in control of a situation, never nervous, no matter how dangerous the situation, women are "thin" and "dames" and other similar nonsense, is the only "real male", that is, the alpha male in the movie (the only other alpha male being the man the head of the Gestapo, but it is only a fat male alpha male, and, naturally, any attractive young woman who comes to him can not resist his charms and wants his penis within a few hours from its initial introduction, the character clichés are all here, Bogey is supposed to be the same kind of cynical reform as in "Casablanca" and, of course, often refuses money or other valuables when they are offered, but How does that fit in with the hard cynic he has? He does not, so he can not be a cynic, the hawks wanted him both ways: a character who is both the "lonely cynical cold" and a well-intentioned humanitarian. so be it ... Bacall makes his r utina of "genial babe" not chaotic for the first time, and there are many overrated, not too interesting exchanges, called "sexual innuendos" between her and Bogey; These dialogues sound silly by today's standards. "Just purse your lips and whistle ..." A lot of garbage ... I was 19 years old when this was done, but it seems much older, and it's much less attractive than the female stars of the day. His bony face, with its sharp features, is not even close to radiating De Havilland's kind of feminine beauty, Myrna Loy's tenderness, and much less the sympathy of Irene Dunne. Bacall was more suited to play vampires, not femme-fatal. (In real life it looks a lot like his face: a Hollywood bitch). There is a scene in which Bacall breaks into tears; Very inadequate for his character. There are two or three bad musical numbers, but my fast forward button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood personalities, please contact me by email.
