At the beginning of the movie, you can review the DVD cover and reread the synopsis a couple of times, but do not worry. They are NOT the "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you bought; just a movie with an introduction that is much more elegant and stylish than it is entitled to be. Even so, the opening is by far the best of the entire film, as it shows how in 1840 a Samurai sword master caught his wife committing adultery. He decapitates the two lovers before doing a hara-kiri (ritual suicide through disemboweling). To this day, when the US ambassador to Japan welcomes a friendly family and takes them to the same house where the aforementioned massacre took place, almost a century and a half ago. As of that moment, this becomes a seemingly routine movie in a haunted house, but the completely delayed and implausible script still makes it something exceptional. Let's start with the positive aspects, namely, the original Japanese atmosphere and the presence of the delicious Susan George, which is my favorite of the British, the favorite of British terror (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The negative aspects include simply that the script is incoherent, imbecile beyond repair and full of supposedly disturbing turns that only provoke laughter. The restless spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetrating the bodies of the new tenants and having them say all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of the massacred adulterous woman enjoys especially squeezing herself against Susan's dazzling booty and transforming her into a lascivious seductress! In this "possessed" state, he even attracts the American ambassador to have sex in the garden of a high society party filled with prominent guests. So, strictly speaking, it is not really the "bad" that dwells in the house; Only a trio of poor quality ghosts with dirty minds and too much free time in their dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are more comical than terrifying, especially because the transparent and light blue shapes remind you of the cute effects of ghosts that later became popular in "Ghostbusters". "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the least terrifying ghost movie in history. During most of the execution time, it will be asked if the director Kevin Connor (who, nevertheless, made the excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") wanted to make his film funny and exaggerated. like "Motel Hell" maybe. But again, everyone in the cast continues to express their lines with a sincere and sincere face, so I suppose that, however, we must take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The House Where Evil Dwells" is never exciting or remotely exciting and does not even contain spooky images other than the massacre at first. I am fully aware of how superficial it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George stays topless are the only highlights. Well, those and maybe also the invasion of corny and ridiculously large spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How random and irrelevant was that? If you ever decide to give this movie a chance despite its bad reputation, be sure to leave your common sense and reasoning at the door. <br /> <br /> Trivia note for horror lovers: keep an eye open for the mask demon that was also a pivotal piece of scenery in the brilliant Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
