The film begins with a quiet shot of a traditional Japanese house with thatched roof that sits on the side of a small hill and a legend appears on the screen that reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese Samurai trainee named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks down the winding road to the house, waiting inside for Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom she is having an affair behind her husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki), who returns to be masanori's teacher. Shugoro unexpectedly arrives at his house and discovers that his wife and his student have very intimate relationships with each other. His honor destroyed the enraged Samurai who brutally murdered Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on work holidays with his wife Laura (Susan George) and his daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Your close friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the US consulate, helps you find a place to stay, you do not need me for you! In a joking tone, he says that it is very cheap because he is delighted, to which both Ted and Laura laugh because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for the moment. Almost immediately the film enters cliché mode. The lights turn on and off by themselves, Laura has an uncomfortable feeling about the place and a local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them an ominous warning to leave before it is too late, which they ignore, of course. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were condemned for eternity to remain within the walls of the house due to the curse of the Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima). But there may be a way they can break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage, their daughter and possibly even their lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor, I thought this was a pretty normal movie, it's fine to see it once if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two you probably have forgotten it completely. Nothing stays in memory for being particularly bad, but on the other hand there is nothing particularly good about the movie either. Robert Suhosky's script of James Hardiman's novel is a little boring and strictly according to the numbers, many ghostly events occur throughout the film, but none of them is very interesting or exciting, and the flat characters and Direction does not help things. There are a couple of silly sequences like the giant plastic crabs that try to get Amy and her nanny, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there's a scene where the Zen monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banished outside without being able to re-enter, however, until Ted simply opens the door and they just come back, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 years old when he did this, try his hand in Kung-Fu and fight with oriental swords! George takes out her ample breasts a couple of times, including a very erotic sex scene with McClure, although they took great pains and a couple of sheets that adhere to them like super glue to ensure there are no nudity below the waist. Apart from a couple of beheadings mostly off the screen, there is no blood, blood or violence to speak of. The "transparent" ghost effects are fine, but they will not impress many people these days. It is professionally done and looks pretty good, but the potential in the Japanese environment and myths is wasted, since this film could have been shot in the United States, England or any Western country without having to change anything. A bad waste of time.
