Did I step on something or that bad smell come from Daybreak 1 + 2? God was behind everything? What does God have to do with science fiction? God is only the answer when you can not imagine a sensible explanation for something. In fact, this is exactly the problem with the end of the series: obviously they could not find sensible explanations for the multitude of great questions that arose throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace returns from the dead in a new viper. how his old viper and his charred body ended up on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, why 6 has an imaginary baltar in his head, etc., so they explain it with "angels" or simply not they explain it at all. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last 2 episodes had holes big enough to fly a Basestar. For example, why did Galactica and her crew go on a suicide mission to rescue a girl (Hera), especially after Adama said there was no way she could attempt a rescue? Why did they find out about the location of the Cylon base? That is not a good reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the point of flashbacks to the lives of the main characters before the war? It's as if they had forgotten to do it before, so they threw something at the last moment. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same writers who created what has been a sensational experience so far. series. It feels like script writing was taken by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread "The Word." Forget about trying to tie the loose ends in the plot, the important message that the writers wanted to convey is: do not put your faith in technology, as it will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (bad luck if you have a disease that needs medical treatment). <br /> <br /> Imagine that in the final movie of the Star Wars series they tell you that there is no "force" ..., a Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. Then they fly their spaceships to the nearest star and they go to live in the forest with the Ewoks. Would this be a good ending? No, that would not do it.
