The 1930s saw a fashion for documentary films about remote corners of the world, with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic lands and primitive people with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous location, and then bringing them back to life (with the images from the film), such films were often much cheaper than conventional functions were. Hollywood ... because they were not expensive. costly sets, costumes or movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful creators of such films (artistically and financially) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with blatantly organized events) in Africa and Asia. The Johnson safari movies were extremely popular, inspired several parodies ... especially "So This is Africa" ​​by Wheeler & Woolsey, in which the very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini ( instead of Martin E. Johnson, geddit?). Although several other filmmakers were producing safari documentaries at this time, the Johnson films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humor. Seen from our most enlightened point of view (I hope), this is a serious mistake in the Johnsons documentaries: there are too many scenes in which funny people, brown or yellow, look like complete idiots who are easily fooled by the smart white Bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> A definitive asset of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she manages to look young enough to be his daughter. Although certainly not as attractive as the well-formed Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a stubborn brunette who offered acclamations in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> 'Congorilla' It's probably the best of the Johnson movies. The shots of the Congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of how this environment looked in 1930. The shots of the Pygmies and other natives are also interesting, although they suffer from the Johnson inclination to organize events in a way that makes that the natives look 'wild' and strange. <br /> <br /> The best (and funniest) scene in 'Congorilla' is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance to some pygmy women. (The dance is the Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, the twins together.) Using jodhpurs, riding boots and a helmet, Osa Johnson begins to sing while she gives He steps high and hits his knees in his attempt to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they stay there looking at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish. It is a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant nuances. Osa Johnson is doing a dance that was invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that African blacks should be able to perform this dance instinctively after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythm, I guess) because it is in their blood, or something A) Yes. <br /> <br /> I will rate 'Congorilla' 4 points out of 10. This movie tells a bit about African life in the 1930s and more about American cultural perceptions in that same decade.
