This is not a movie that you can really analyze separately from its production. The audience became the filmmakers to a point unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; we feel so involved that seeing it becomes like seeing a friend's work. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie, is not it? Or is that? There may be nothing more false than a filmmaker who promotes himself as the friend of the audience, giving them all the naughty treats that child critics would deny them. Just look at the leading publicist Eli Roth, who promises gore-hounds all the viscera that are missing in traditional and meaningless horror films, only to produce a watered down and technically incompetent work like 'Hostel'. <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the Internet's response to his movie, but it was, understandably, quick to get involved with him. He took the carnival film school to a new level, making the fans build what they would eventually buy. Many have been enthusiastic about this interactive and democratic approach to making movies that seem to have missed the point: that this is the most cynical way of film marketing. Nothing is included that the filmmakers know that the fans are not going to buy, and any old suggestions that could cause problems in the seats are incorporated. The fact that the tone has become the title tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is not this just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craftsmanship, ideas, everything is sacrificed before the inane talk of the masses. It is a common criticism that focus groups and screening tests are not good for movies. Why should the preventive intervention of Internet enthusiasts be different? Why are we movie fans? Well, thank God for us, because otherwise I would not have seen a topless woman get the nipple bitten by a snake. <br /> <br /> So, I had fun in the movie: a midnight show, fresh out of The Pub and with an ice cream bucket, but it really had little to do with the movie and a lot to do with the atmosphere. As at Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know if it was with the movie, or with the movie. With a film as calculated as this, is that even a significant distinction? There are some really good aspects of the movie. Samuel L. Jackson offers a well-judged performance, pure self-parody but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles, and there are one or two inspired moments: the fate of the lapdog is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the film can not emulate. <br /> <br /> common characters are expected, but not the total lack of suspense. What's the point of a movie that combines two great phobias if there is not a growing threat? There are several moments of snake jumps, but they are incredibly poorly organized. Only the annoying British man gets a decent and pulpy death scene; the other murders are strangely flat. The disappearance of the honeymoon couple, for example, is shamefully frustrated. Most actors do not impress; it's a pity that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies seems so tired (when she tells two children to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, she might be talking to the audience: the movie falls short). <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, many better ones; Another critic of this site compared this movie with 'Lake Placid', and it is a contrast as successful as anyone can imagine. That movie worked so magnificently because the performances were excellent, the jokes were fun, the suspense sequences were scary and were not devised by a committee. That the characters had a bit of depth and shading was an unexpected advantage. I do not need a midnight post-pub presentation to have a good time with that movie. <br /> <br /> This film, with time, will vanish to become a mere footnote in the history of cinema. However, if you set a precedent, I am really concerned about what might be crossing our screens in a couple of years. In all likelihood, nothing much will come of it. The favorites of the perennial popcorn - 'Raiders of the Lost Ark', 'Alien', 'Halloween' and, of course, 'Star Wars' - are simply not produced by group thinking. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I'll tell you one thing: I do not have half the desire of an Ingmar Bergman.
