Oh, my God, how the hell anyone in this movie was approved? It stinks of cheese from start to finish, but it's not even good cheese. It's the most frothy, most moldy and tasteless cheese there is, and I can not believe there's someone who really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw him with a lot of drunk / drugged friends, then some snippets might be funny in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience, the only entertaining parts are when that group of friends is throwing popcorn and insults abusive to each other and the screen. I saw him with a kind of laugh, after having had a few beers in preparation to laugh at what was expected of the film. They gave us the shit (a lot), but no laughter. It does not even qualify as such a bad movie, it's good. It is simply bad. Very very bad. Here's why (look the other way if you're spoilerphobic): The movie starts with a man who hits another man to death. Okay, I arrived a few minutes late, so I was not sure why it happened, but I think I understood that the message "this guy is a bit bad you do not want to get into" behind the witty scene. Oh, and a guy attests it. Therefore, we already have our evil villain, and a scruffy but cute guy (apparently good). Cue Hero. Big Sam appears in the scene in the usual way, saving a good boy in the usual way that only bad action movies can achieve, that is, the hero is immune to bullets, everyone else falls awkwardly. First cue hole cue. How the hell Sammy knew where that guy was, or who had seen the murder. Maybe this, and the answers to all my questions related to the hole in the plot, were explained in the 2 minutes before I entered the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to stop making holes in the plot here, so that it does not turn the film into something like Swiss cheese (which we all know is a good cheese). Therefore, the 'plot' (a very generous word to use). The good boy must reach Los Angeles, the evil one would prefer that he did not, Hero Sam is between the two. Scenario of the next hour of induction of vomiting: the passenger plane. Like I said, no more digging into the holes in the plot, I'll just leave it there. Passenger plane. Next, the vital ingredient so far missing in this jewel of a movie, and what makes it all: snakes. Hurrah! Oh, pause. First we have the introduction of all the obligatory characters that a lame movie should have. Hot and horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), a British guy who seems to be a dead man (before any snake, who looks like a pair of witches), cute children and Jo Brand. For all Americans, this is an English comic famous for its size and lack of appeal. Now that we've met the cast, let's see how they all die (except, of course, cute kids). Do not expect anything original, just bites of snakes in various parts of the body becoming more hilarious (not really). Use your imagination, since the filmmakers obviously did not use theirs. <br /> <br /> So, that's what's most finished in the movie, so now for the best, the ending. As expected, everything is as happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight begins to suck on the face. Yes, cold Sammy included. But wait, we're not all out of the plane yet! The last man to get off is a good guy, but just as he does, he is bitten by one (you guessed it) snake (of all things). Clearly, this had been hidden in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, as he somehow managed to resist the trick of air pressure that the old and old hero had employed a few minutes before, despite the 200-foot constrictor (the one who ate that annoying British bastard). ) can not. Then, Sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop. At this point, I prayed that the film was about to take a much needed U-turn and reveal that the whole hero was actually a traitor of some kind. But no. In a kind of frosting in the manner of cake (but with aged cheese, remember), it is revealed that the climax of the film was with a bulletproof vest. How anyone can think that an audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006 would be impressed by their wit, is beyond my reach, but it did well to summarize the film. <br /> <br /> Actually, we are not quite right. Already done. After everyone has sucked their faces (Uncle Sam with the lead actress, the good guy with Tiffany, the black token boy with the symbolic white girl and the hot couple in a necrofilia attack that heats the heart), it's time to let the good boy and the hero get down to work. ... In Bali !!! No, it was not all that exciting, the exclamation marks were there to represent my total joy at seeing the credits roll. Yes, the last shot of the film is a celebratory surf trip to convey the message that there has been a bit of male bonding, and an opportunity for the imbeciles who really enjoyed the movie to scream a few times. That's. This is the first time that I publish a review of a film, but I felt so strongly that someone must speak against this scourge of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, stewardesses, bad guys, surfers, dogs in bags or the English, do not see this movie. It will contaminate your opinion of all of the above until now, that you will never again want to get in touch with any of them. Go see United 93 instead. That was good.
