The more I analyze this movie, the worse it becomes. First, why a motivational speaker? That part was just stupid. I mean, why does a megalomaniac who tries to control the world trust a motivating speaker? Is Alexander Stone really so disorganized? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks for ideas in the Bible. I might add that many of these ideas are really unreliable (for example, the part of "The houses of Ishmael and Isaac will scream in terror" could have already happened.) It could have been the synagogues burned during the Krystalnacht and the mosques could very well have it's been the mosques blown up in Baghdad or something like that.) And the Gillen Lane family! They had no part, except to provide a platform of family values ​​and clean their eyes with water! I might add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only twenty years old (or that's the impression he had) and has a ten-year-old son, he had his son in high school. Yes, there are the family values ​​of TBN. Besides, why did this movie have to be so damned propagandistic? I will repeat what a previous critic said. The Indiana Jones films use Christian mythology as a plot and manipulate it well to intoxicate us. This movie does not do that. The beginning begins well, with Michael Ironsides playing a priest who murders a scholar and steals the Omega Code from the deceased. Then, when faced with two men of whom he is obviously afraid, the two prophets tell him "Tell your teacher that we are here!". Dominic (Ironsides) responds "You already know" and points to a small surveillance camera. That part sent shivers down my spine. If only I had continued like that scene, I would have loved this movie. I will give credit to Michael York: he does a good job representing his character, like Michael Ironsides. But the good ones are horrible. I've already talked about Lane's family <br /> <br />. Now that I have finished the performance, I will continue to plot. Obviously, this is a Baptist movie, since our beloved Vatican pope is portrayed as a thief. I liked the plot of world domination and it seemed plausible and subtle, as well as the action sequences that were also exciting and well done. Also another diatribe against the Vatican, its leaders are seen with a dogmatic mentality, since Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new one. In addition, the Vatican (or Israelis) says that they will separate. of the World Union since they used the Omega Code to control the world. Whoever it is, they would not separate, send commands and kill them. This amounts to the United States knowing that the KGB is going to kill the president and simply saying "We're not going to talk to you anymore!" Come on! I enjoyed the scenes in which we see bombers in the direction of Israel and I see them again on the monitor. Mediocre in short.
