I was very disappointed in this movie for several reasons. During the first half hour it is pretty decent. Although the performance is not better than the one you would find in a rap video, it's kind of funny and the production value does not seem so bad. In fact, I almost thought that this would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican movie) that turned out to be MUCH better than I expected. The plot of the film revolves around not only deceiving husbands, but also how women are seen and treated in Dominican society in general, which makes it a good premise, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the creators of this film trust that a good movie has to do with the way you treat your subject, and that they killed the veal chop they had before. Approximately 30 minutes into the film, the roles of men and women are reversed after the wife of the main characters casts a spell on him as a result of his cheating habits. This transition not only happens through what seems to be the last thing, the space age, the CGI effects that go back to what I suppose would be the 70s, but the whole plot simply goes down the drain. The rest of the movie is nothing more than predictable, cheesy, and intelligent lines of a line. To top it off (and I guess I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) everything turns out to be a dream. Oh my who did not see that coming? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing in the movie. Well, after about an hour, I start thinking "hmmmm, something does not seem right on the sound track, but what can it be?" and then I got HALF OF THE MUSIC IN THE MOVIE WAS TAKEN FROM A VIDEO GAME CALLED THE KING OF FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When, oh when DR, give us a movie, we can call it the work of ยก Art?!?! Maybe a comedy to match the French Amelie, or an action movie to match the Thai Ong-Bak, an animation like Akira was for Japan, an ingenious thriller like Layer Cake was for England, or a journey of awakening partner like Waking Life had here. The states. <br /> <br /> ... I would give it a 1, but I have seen much worse leaving RD, look for Los Hodedores and you will know what I am talking about.
