Raising Victor Vargas: A Review <br /> <br /> You know, Raising Victor Vargas is like sticking his hands in a big, smoky bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and sticky, but you're not sure if it feels good. No matter how hard I tried, no matter how warm and sticky Raising Victor Vargas became, I was always aware that something was not right for me. Víctor Vargas suffers from a certain excess of confidence on the part of the director. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic context of a Latino family on the lower east side and an idyllic story would make the film a test. He was right, but he did not fool me. Raising Víctor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy named, you guessed it, Víctor Vargas (Víctor Rasuk), who lives his adolescence chasing more skirts than the Rolling Stones could do in all the years they've been on tour . The film begins in the bedroom of `Ugly Fat 'Donna, where Victor will surely seduce her, but an external scream interrupts her plans when her best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes to look for him. Trapped in the attempt of Harold and his sister, Víctor Vargas escapes to control the damage. However, even with the shameful implication that he has been fighting with the most homely girl in the neighborhood, nothing deters young Victor from hunting for more fresh meat. On a hot day in New York City, they make their way to the local public pool where Victor's eyes glimpse the lovely young nymph Judy (Judy Marte), who is not only pretty, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also centers on Victor's family that is composed of his grandmother or grandmother (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by Victor's real-life brother, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez) . The action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to deal with the fact of being a pimp daddy with an excessive expression, his feelings for Judy and the conservative Catholic education of his grandmother. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise from Raising Victor Vargas are some, but obvious mistakes. Throughout the film, you meet certain characters such as Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend, Melonie. The problem is that we do not know anything about Víctor Vargas, except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips, comb his hair and take it for the sake of attracting girls to the sack, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano and, in silence, you can see him for the family piano awards. We know that his sister Nicki, is a girl who loves gossip with a great interest in watching television. We know that the grandmother is a traditional and hardworking Latina woman who is trying to raise her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. However, where is the titular character, Víctor Vargas? He is in this movie somewhere, but we only know what the movie tells us. This is by far the biggest flaw in the movie. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a ping-pong ball, bouncing between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never get to know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He is a total alpha man. Victor Vargas is not the type of character that I sympathize with at all. Why should someone? So, at the end of the movie, after the climax, are we really convinced that, somehow, Victor Vargas has reached ANY depth and learned the errors of his ways? How could such a two-dimensional character have any depth? I wish the director would have been a bit more concerned about letting his main character know instead of worrying about getting that perfect hand shot. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas brings the world of the Latin Quarter of the city to life on the big screen. Something that few movies have done before in the past. The movie has been complemented by feeling so real, and I will not argue with that. I have not seen this level of reality since CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, although the film has some pretty pictures of the city, the writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on the close-ups and the handheld shots. This problem is particularly noticeable in interior scenes that are so claustrophobic that I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises to avoid fainting. As the movie continues, the shots become more and more tight with faces cut from the forehead to the chin on the screen; Practically you can smell the cheap cologne of Victor Vargas. The general effect is unrealistic in contrast. The interior scenes of the apartments in the center of the city make them look small and cramps, which is not true. I have been in those type apartments; I used to live in one. They are not magnificent, but they have high ceilings and decent living spaces. According to the standards of the film, one would think that these apartments were 5x5 cells of brick and mortar, peeling paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the constant use of close-ups of Sollett and a particularly bad shot with an approach in a scene become totally amateurish. But Raising Victor Vargas is only Sollett's second film, and his most well-known work, a solid effort in the making of films that, hopefully, will improve as he continues making films. One review I read summed up the film as "Ethnicity for Ethnicity," and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas were really a great movie and a story, then the applicability of the characters would not matter if they were Latin, Chinese, etc. However, if you take this story and stick it in the middle class suburbs with a group of teenagers. For the best white kids, the results would not be such good comments, and we would see the flaws in the movie more clearly. In fact, some other aspects of the use of Latinos in this movie bother me. While some aspects of Víctor Vargas are accurate, there are others that I must question. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same room to sleep. This caused an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what I believe. Any Latino family that respects itself would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking with my grandmother I knew that my problem with this was justified. Considering how conservative Grandma is, you would think that Vicky would have been sleeping in her room. <br /> <br /> Like a Latina who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban house, raised by my grandmother when she was my mother. Working full time, I could relate to the movie in many ways, so my critical views are bittersweet because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the movie. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who went to bed while I was playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without further introspection on the part of the film, Victor Vargas is simply a stereotyped latino with hot blood, who will end up shouting at the girls from his car: "Hey, bee, I want to enter into my love, Mah- Cheen? Either way, I do not like it, so ultimately, how can I like a movie about him? So if you'll excuse me, I'll stick my hands in a bowl of grits. <br /> <br />
