I was never an avid spectator of "Crocodile Hunter", but occasionally I saw an episode or an episode, and when the news spread about the death of Steve Irwin because of a stingray attack in 2006, it caught my attention. This movie, with Steve and his wife, Terri, playing themselves, but in a fictional story, premiered in 2002, but I did not listen to it until several years later, and even after that, it took me a while to do it. Around to see it. Well, now I've seen it, and after looking here first (more than once), and seeing its rating, I was not surprised at how unimpressive it turned out to be, although it could have been a little better. Apparently, it's supposed to be a comedy, so a big problem is that it's not funny at all. <br /> <br /> A US satellite beacon. UU It falls out of space and lands in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where they terrorize cattle on a ranch owned by the crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and do not know what's inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to recover the beacon ! The agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the ranch owner and his dogs could make the mission difficult! In Steve and Terri's mission, they face other types of dangerous fauna, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the crocodile has anything unusual inside, when Steve sees the CIA agents behind them, confuses them with poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only did I not laugh once while watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to scare one of the CIA agents. Apart from that, I do not think I've found anything or even something fun. It's also a bit incoherent, switching back and forth from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like clips from "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from an action thriller (or something like that) gathered for some reason. Also added to this mix are scenes of the ranch, which also seem to be from another place, and it is assumed that Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, is not. At one point, we see her throw farts, so we have a fart joke, a PRINCIPLE cliché in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found that the typical scenes of "Crocodile Hunter", with Steve fighting with crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them to the spectators, were tedious, but I suppose the fact that I was never a devoted fan of the show did not help . <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin was admired by many as a conservationist, and unfortunately he is missed by them, while there are also those who say he messed with nature and saw it coming. No matter which side you are on, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-crafted film. I'm sure it helps if you're a big Steve Irwin fan, but even if you are, there's no guarantee that you'll like this movie, as some fans clearly have not been impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them have found that this movie is worse than mine, so it may NOT help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say what you think of Steve Irwin and his program, this movie was not necessary. The attempt to combine what is often seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictional story, unfortunately failed, and a viewer may find that this movie seems longer than ninety minutes!
