When teenagers go on a caravan trip, there are many clichés that can guarantee that they will continue. <br /> <br /> 1) Teens will be warned not to go to a crazy place. Dan Van Husen handles that with a ridiculous exposition about the deadly sirens. What, who, how and why are handled in an almost unintelligible explosion. 2) The van will break. 3) While they are looking for help, the group will be divided and will be eliminated one by one by the monster that has been warned. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will capture them. 5) The house will have a telephone, but it will not work, it will be decorated in a disturbing way, there will be a neon flashing light, spiders and worms. 6) The crazy will catch them when they try to escape in a vehicle that does not start (here, the break at high speed had to be done on a tractor). 7) The madman will apparently be killed only to return from the dead for a weak and cheap scare, and then he will be killed properly. 8) Only one girl will remain alive from the group. 9) There will be an unnecessary turn at the end. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements naked mermaids (to which the characters seem to react in different ways despite the fact that everyone who sees them must fall into lust immediately) that seduce and kill the teenagers They are tearing the throats and taking the bodies to the half, and it has something similar to a dream movie for children of twelve years. <br /> <br /> I think it's fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I am pleased to point out that there are some elements that satisfy pleasure and are a great improvement on his previous film, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've seen in my life. Sometimes the cinematography is very good, music and editing are a cut above their previous films and some other low budget horror films. I was impressed to hear that it was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this movie are not found in the body of the movie, ultimately, it is a slightly entertaining and pointless movie that has been made over and over again, but among the DVD extras. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I beg you to listen to the director's comments, it's beyond belief. There is more to be said about this than the movie itself. An amazing part of the comment is the director's claim that the film is cliche leaden because it was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés and openly asks if "people will understand". <br /> <br /> I'm afraid to say that if this is supposed to be an intelligent wink and a nod to the films of the past and the genre clichés within them, then it's not written cleverly enough, it acted in a way appropriate Tone or directed with enough style to work. If this movie was made to order, it leads me to ask a question; "What was the point?" This is a movie that slides directly into the canon of horror movies, any attempt to do something smart or different has not worked. <br /> <br /> The next nugget of brilliance is a conversation about snobbery towards the digital. Film formats. They rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with low cost and ease of use. However, the best moment of the conversation is when they lament the fact that when Michael Mann makes a film in the format, he is considered a visionary. There is a simple distinction to make here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style, Roberts is a horror hack that uses it to produce lower shelf genre images. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant. <br /> <br /> The best time is reserved for Robert's comments about people who have taken the time to review their previous film. Those who do not like it are generalized as 'geeks' and even go so far as to identify specific people for having the courage to express their opinion in forums that encourage them to do just that. I must admit that I was a little disappointed that my review of his latest film was not ridiculed. The diatribe goes further when the group jokes about the Norwegian critics, with "hilarious" accents to imply that the people of Norway would not know a good movie simply because of the place where they were born. As always, these types of comments say more about those who say that they point to, they simply make the director and his friends look ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package was completed with an elegant detail about how the Sirens were cast. Robert swears loudly in a loud voice: "I did not want to make a movie that was like Baywatch", since we see audition tapes of topless and naked girls writhing on the floor. There is also a sympathetic and self-satisfied documentary about the creation of Darkhunters during which Robert's says that a critic has claimed that Forest is "The best British film in years". I do not know who he is trying to convince. At one point in the comment trail, Robert's jokingly says: "I can see people sitting at home saying" this is not amazing, it's horrible ", he's not wrong.
