Forest of the Damned begins as five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland), along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), with a week's march . Long vacations 'in the middle of nowhere', your words are not mine. Anyway, before they realize they are deep in a forest and Emilio awkwardly runs over a woman (Frances Da Costa), along with a seriously wounded person to add to their problems, the van in which they travel does not start and you can not get any signal on your mobile phones. They need to find help quickly, so Molly and Judd move away in the hope of finding a house, as time goes by and darkness begins to fall, it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something unpleasant lurking in the forest ... <br /> <br /> This production in English was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and, after having reviewed several other comments and reviews here in the IMDb section and throughout the Internet, Forest of the Damned It seems to divide the opinion with some tastes and others. No, personally he did not do much at all. The screenplay is credited on the screen to Roberts, but here in the IMDb, he lists Joseph London with "additional script material" whatever that means, the movie is a basic backwoods slasher-type thing like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) ) with their basic faceless adolescent stranded victims are beaten, but they use the interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest and kill people for reasons that are never explained with great satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, played by the always fantastic Tom Savini, who is never given any kind of justification for what he does. Is he there to obtain victims for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by hitting his head? The story is very loose, it never felt like a suitable movie. The characters are poor, the dialogue is not much better and the lack of a meaningful story makes it difficult to get involved or worry about what is happening. Having said that it moves at a reasonable pace and there are a couple of decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes does not do anything special, it is not a particularly elegant movie or flash to watch. There are some decent horror scenes and Tom Savini's character is great when he's on the screen (although why did not he hear Judd breaking the door with an ax while escaping with Molly?) And it's a shame they kill him. Here are a couple of decent bloody scenes, someone has hit their head, there is a decapitation, someone has a gunshot, someone is bitten in the throat, someone has bitten their lips and someone is broken in half. There is also a good amount of frontal female nudes, not that it helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Technically, Forest of the Damned is fine, reasonably well done but not too special or flashy. This was filmed in England and Wales, and it's quite strange to see a stage in English for a horror in the American style. The acting in general is pretty bad, except for Savini, who deserves to be better than this. The horror author Shaun Hutson has a shameful cameo in the end and shows that he should devote himself to writing instead of acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned was a pretty bad horror movie, it seems that it has followers out there, so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie that I like very much. Apart from one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend.
