From the beginning this movie was horrible! Why was it so bad? If they are not naked women, they not only need a decent plastic surgeon but also the experience of a dentist followed by a free hand of Colgate whitening! Then it's the old "crazy" at the gas station, who is not so crazy, but more "I'm not sure how to act a lot, so I'll look straight and I'll look as stupid as I can while pretending to shout something in the forest in a robotic tone Then let's go back to these naked nymphs that need a cure for gingivitis ... apparently, without touching you ... and this is according to the initial scene ... they can cause a nasty-looking red rash on the neck, which I assumed It was missing a piece of meat but it seems I could do some TCP to clear it in. Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ally, she had never seen act so baaaaaad, she is more like a "me me, if I'm not having fun, no one else is, and I do not want to do this, so I will not do it, and I am the worst cow on the planet, I am sarcastic, mean and if I do not get things my way, I will be angry ", a kind of person .. It reminds me more of a 6 The attitude of the girl. worth mentioning the angled camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low the budget of the film really was that when Judd was hacking the "locked" door, it was actually open before he could unlock it. from the other side !! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it were a parody, then it would have succeeded ... even if only that, but, like a horror movie, it was simply wrong. I can not even describe everything that happened in this movie that I would have no space! Although it was fun to see Andrew dribbling raspberry juice into his ear every time he opened his mouth while the character of Tom Savini was completely blind to the two who hid under the table directly in his line of sight! It was even more fun when these two thought they could escape on a damn tractor, which, as we all know, is the number one that hated the vehicle to get stuck as it is so damn slow. So, is it any wonder they do not get away with it? And how many people know that you can open the doll and then run for hours as if nothing had happened? No pain, no weakening from blood loss, nothing? But the dumbest part is when suddenly (and I mean literally) it's a YEAR later and Molly is still wandering through the woods after having escaped from the nymphs, and then, suddenly, Shaun Hutson picks her up ... Of course Not without a line to promote your books !! (Although you have to admit that he is one of my favorite authors) but suddenly, and without the slightest hint of an explanation about how and why ... she herself is evil and attracts Hutson to his death, then we cut the crazy guy From the beginning Suddenly, wandering the forest with a can of gasoline, even after his 'dazzling' performance on why no one should venture there for some reason ... cue the nymphs who kill themselves a bit to have fun while Crazy pours gasoline everywhere. ... and here the movie ends ... finally! My conclusion ... if you had not already guessed ... absolute rubbish! There was no proper thought about that, whoever was pointing to the camera needed to shoot ... and now that I think about it, so did 99% of the cast! If the director, the right actors and the budget put themselves behind this, it could have been decent. But, once again, the English low-budget horror films, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry are a shame! (And I'm English, so I can say that)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the film is in the first 15-20 minutes when we see it go from night to night in a field type area. All I thought about all this was "Jesus Christ in heaven, why, oh, why did you allow someone to do this, his absolute cow testicles!" But I can not turn off a movie after I started seeing it unfortunately. I had to look at From Dusk Til Dawn afterwards just to remind me that Tom Savini has the ability to act well! If there was an option for 0/10, believe me I would have chosen that, because this movie is not worth the point I gave it. <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
