This movie actually works from a very original idea: I've never seen nymphs expelled from heaven in a horror movie. However, the way in which he executes this idea is not original in the least; We follow a group of children who, for some reason, decide to go hiking in the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than just another forest full of peasants, knots / zombies, etc. but in reality, monsters are just a variation of the common horror in the theme of forests. Many movies of this type do not have a good idea, and it seems that it has worn out its brain cells with just that one. The only real asset that monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women for whom the characters want, instead of being horrible grotesques they want to flee from. This is good to some extent; but soon it becomes boring, and the almost complete lack of any background story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film will never leave the category of 'horror garbage'. <br /> <br /> It's been years since The Evil Dead turned the forests into a privileged place, and, despite films like The Blair Witch Project; He still makes an excellent horror adjustment. This is one of the main assets of the film, since the forest presents a good impression of the unknown: the only problem is that the Forest of the Damned never seems to have much up its sleeve. The sequences of death show a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are cliché in the extreme does not help, since you are more likely to be anxious to see them die instead of hoping they can escape. The cast is mainly made up of children, but there is a role here for Tom Savini; that unfortunately does not get to have fun in the special effects department. The only real highlight that the film has in regards to the staff comes from the nymphs. Naked women tend to look good, and if it were not for them, this movie would become very boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie for the truth; But if you want a little horror movie that goes back to the style of the eighties movies in the woods, you might find some fun here.
