People tried to make me believe that the premise of this spooky supernatural / thriller was inspired by the last words uttered by a real serial killer (whose name escapes me at this time). While waiting for his execution in the electric chair, he affirmed that his soul would come back to life and continue in a wave of endless murders. By the way, it's not a very original idea to spin a horror movie. Other low-budget turkeys implemented exactly the same basic premise, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". Anyway, "The First Power" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not an absolutely terrible effort, but the script returns to the clichés and lacks genuine emotions. The film starts out as a murderous yet mundane serial killer film in which the obsessive police hero Lou Diamond Philips pursues a maniac who carves bloody staves in the coffers of his victims. Receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the beautiful and underestimated Tracy Griffith. She takes him to the killer, but also begs her not to execute him, since that would result in an even greater catastrophe. Thanks to Tess's helpful advice, Detective Logan quickly captures the murderer and celebrates his death sentence, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to commit more murders. "The First Power" gets very bad once the killer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using his newly won satanic powers to destroy the whole world (that's what he would do in his position), Channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis, copper. He angrily calls him "Buddy Boy" all the time and owns the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to cheat him. Although it is never really boring or is badly done, it is a very weak film to endure, mainly because you always have the feeling of déjà-vu. Screenwriter and director Robert Resnikoff blatantly uses every dreadful cliché (the murderer was sexually abused as a child) and even the lines of the players can easily be predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that she is able to predict the future, you simply know that, at some point in the movie, she will say the ridiculously overused line "I tell people to live their lives, but my own life is a disaster ". Yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is adequate enough, but it is quite difficult to take that youthful rebel from "La Bamba" and "Stand and Deliver" seriously as a hard coward. There are also decent supporting roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and movie horror legend B, David Gale ("Re-Animator") appears in a tiny cameo from the beginning. of the movie.
