Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! No I do not like. It was obvious what the intention of the film was: to track the handling of "people who do things well" and who makes a movie. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves as distinct from what they are. I did not need a movie to tell me how little people in the film industry are. I guess it's really my fault because I expected something like "Holidays in Rome." <br /> <br /> I'm not a filmmaker or take film lessons, but I thought the film consisted of a series of 'two shots' (mostly) where the actors (!) had received a loose plot and they had to improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon states that he, along with Victoria Foyt, actually wrote the script, but the impression was that the actors, aware of the general direction of the film, improvised the dialogue, and were not always successful. Such an example of this was when Ron Silver made a comment that did not really flow along the line of the conversation (and I will not look for it again!) And Greta Scacchi laughed even though they were supposed to. I'll be having a serious conversation, because Silver's comment was not that frequent. It also gives you the impression that an actor deliberately tries to "mistreat" the other actor and break their concentration. Another instance of this is when a producer tells Silver to "bring the documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost for words. I've seen another movie that looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation, and that was horrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (does not miss Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggest it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had an expression of "what the hell am I doing here" on his face at all times and I expected to hear him say: "Look, I'm a director and screenwriter, not an actor" - What would have been unnecessary to affirm! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. In addition to the abrupt surrender of the dialogue, the handheld camera became irritating even if it was for plausibility, as I suspect was the "natural" dialogue, and the interest in the directors was subsumed in the interest in the various young people walking. The thread tries to insinuate itself into the shot. That at least approached Cinema Verite. So, along with the irritating French chant during which I used the mute button, it turned out to be about 90 minutes, in general, disappointing. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid making an apotheosis of films like this one. Trying to see the value in the movie where you have little credit to justify a perceived transcendental level is a mistake. There really was nothing avant-garde about it. It was not presented as a work of art and, nevertheless, it was not a documentary either. I know, it was a documentary but the real test is if it's entertaining. I was bored with my skull! He had a redeeming characteristic: he pronounced 'Cannes' correctly, so I gave him 3/10.
