'I do not understand. None of this makes sense! "Exclaimed an exasperated character towards the end of Death Smiles at Murder. Having sat through this mess of a completely confusing movie, I know exactly how it feels. The story, written by the film's director, Aristide Massacessi (the old Joe D'amato who uses his real name for a change), is an awkward mix of supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious artistic trash, which he probably likes. those who admire the trippy trash of the 70s, like Jess Franco's weirdest efforts, but who made me strive to keep myself conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had been having an incestuous affair, before finally losing her with a hurried doctor), Death Smiles at Murder soon becomes very confused when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, who stars in the equally strange 'Death Laid an Egg') is seen alive and kicked, the only survivor of a bus accident that occurs outside the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. After being invited to stay and recover at home, where she is attended by the creepy Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski on a disposable paper), the nice girl begins loving relationships with Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück (which means that viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbians who love '). <br /> <br /> 'So far, all right', I thought to myself at this point, 'we have had hunchbacks, incest, some blood and guts, and free female nudity: all the ingredients of a great Euro- horror trashy; what follows, however, is a short attempt by Massacessi to combine giallo-style massacres, ghostly events, and even elements of Edgar Allan Poe's "El Gato Negro", to tell a story of very stupid, absolutely disconcerting revenge and, in Ultimately, extremely boring. from beyond the grave. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to have quite a few admirers here on IMDb, but given the choice, I'd prefer to see one of the director's most sordid movies later in his career; I guess the incomprehensible gothic, meandering and surreal gothic horror of the '70s is not my thing. 2.5 out of 10 (purely for the corny gore and nekkidness), rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
