Horror fans (I talk to people over 12, even if you are under 12, I apologize for what you might consider an insult): In short, if you like your imagination to be disturbed by a well-written original narration , marked by unpredictable scares well planted, and delivered through convincing performances, then I can strongly recommend, AVOIDING THESE VAPORS, made by directors who apparently have passed the date of their expiration date. It is no coincidence that almost all episodes feel as if they were made in the eighties. Do not blame directly on the shoulders of some of these old (or even the 80s) because we would be without certain movies of the likes of Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (actually, Clive, WTF, are you in I'm glad see that Romero had the wisdom to avoid it, since I'm sure he was asked to participate ...). More perhaps we should point the finger at the creator Mick Garris, whose credentials include the logical challenge and television remake of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece 'The Shining'. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's an indication of the state of today's television. Are we so hungry for good television horror that we applaud any careless old fools that networks excrete in our sets? Sadly, maybe that's the way it is. <br /> <br /> Normally, I would not see the point of adding a comment that does not discuss the failures and merits of a production, I would simply rate it accordingly. However, as this series unfortunately lacks some merit (perhaps with the sole exception of the melody of the theme) I write this more as a warning than as a revision: DO NOT LOSE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. If you do not agree with me, then it is more than likely that you have not seen enough decent horror. Maybe the previous films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start, but if these 'Masters' of Horror were evaluated only with these jobs, they would never have been allowed to graduate even with their degree. Unless, of course, they were studying to obtain a degree from the University Of S ** t.
