I had been submitted to this movie for a relationship class at my school. As you imagined, it was nothing captivating and nothing new. Although it tries to be original, it focuses on the adolescent father instead of the mother showing the problems that the father would go through. It had an interesting side, but it just does not live up to its originality, since nothing else in this film was original. We have the main character that has the older sister that he likes in all the other movies like this one has something against him, we have the mother who stays at home and waits too much and when she gives more she feels offended and leaves him in the dust . Then we have the father who has always left. Then, on the girls' side, we have parents who want everything and expect her to be perfect in everything she does. Continuing with the story, as I said, it was interesting, but the lack of good acting of the whole cast and the lack of good writing or storytelling. Everything about this fell into cliché: the nerdy little boy at school starts studying with a girl, they get together, they have sex and then we boom we have a little boy. Maybe it could have been better if the writing had been better and the performance had been improved. Seriously, I've brought more emotion to Leatherface and his chainsaw than to any actor in this movie and that's pretty bad like Leatherface. The movies are crap and they act horribly. So far, the only interesting teen pregnancy movie I've seen was Juno. So far, the comic side of this serious situation has turned out to be more entertaining and continues to give the same message. As I said, the idea was original. Most of these films focus on the teenage mother, but she opted not to, but focuses on the father's drama, but again originality does not save this film from mediocrity. I really hope that someone decides to do this movie again with a better cast and a better writer, or just make another similar movie because this was a potential wasted.
