Honestly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" had something in its favor. The great directors of terror that are now put aside because the industry has the opportunity to direct the horror again, I put everything from the beginning. I mean, until I saw some episodes ... Oh, boy, it's really a bad television. Not only does it seem that directors are being given too little budget to direct their skits, but there also seem to be guidelines, such as filming in HD, for example. To summarize, it is bad for both artistic and economic reasons. I can not avoid comparing it with the "Tales of the Crypt" and the M.o.H. The episodes really do not support the comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; In my opinion, here are some keys to explain: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I think it allowed denser scripts, with good ideas that repeat more often, a better description of an episode, less chance of letting the plot be confusing or boring. The duration could also have been the reason why the budget was spent better in TFTC: the directors had to have composers of REAL cinema music (the composers of MOH are, if they do not exist, very bad), the ACT actors ( whereas in MOH it is nothing more than an unknown actor after an unknown actor!), REAL Directors of photography and, sometimes it can help, REAL movie cameras (while MOH is recorded in HD cameras with very ill-chosen lenses), whose result is that the TFTC episodes were seen and felt "cinematic" in the sense that there were real actors that were cast, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth, Kyle McLachlan and Kirk Douglas, but there were also film composers behind from the range of Alan Silvestri, great cinematographers such as Dean Cundey. Writers of high-end scripts, and in that sense, each "Tale" was a small movie of its own kind. Compared to the TFTC, the "Masters of Horrors" is a rather boring approach to television horror. It is very difficult to stand looking at it if its standards regarding cinematography are a little above average, because it looks like any ugly television series, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast, usually in the first 10 minutes. The actors are never heard before the aspirants (except Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, but even there, they are the only famous actors of their episodes). The base of directors for MoH was good at first, but it is getting worse and worse with each episode: now if even the directors are unknown to the world, what is left? Nothing! And it is curious how they are beginning to have completely unknown directors, while they have not even had, say, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Wall, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... If even "Masters of Horror" can not give life back to dead directors, who will? Maybe a repeat of Tales from the Crypt will be.
