We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his great Asian friend who is chased by a river for what seems to be Universal Soldiers. They almost killed both of them, then, oh, wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux that we came to find now is part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of Universal Soldiers. Why he would want to get involved in this (if you know anything about the original) is never explained and is way beyond me. <br /> <br /> It is after this fragile piece that the real story begins. The government of the United States has cut the budget of the Universal Soldier project and in the process angered SETH (the great artificial central computer that controls the Universal Soldiers). Naturally, it will not close without a fight. That means Van Damme has to go and get the whole new generation of Universal Soldiers out. Which sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a sequel version, but that does not stop it from becoming stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. It seems that you can not go wrong in choosing a fighter in an action movie. He is big, he is hard, right? Incorrect. Van Damme does not seem to have a problem cleaning the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here lost in me. Then there is the glass break. A rudimentary part of any action movie, but someone involved must have a crystal fetish. You have to see the fight scenes in particular. Let's not talk about how nobody cuts himself or at least slips. Then, to put the cherry on top of this train crash, they have SETH (the computer) securing a human body for himself and how appropriate it is when they make the villain go black (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white boy who fights a bad black guy, apparently. Potentially offensive and simply lame. Nor is it a replacement for Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a terrible sequel. He is noisy, he is stupid and he does not care. The original was nothing poetic, but it had a simple sense with a science fiction element and had a basic level. The sequel does not do it. However, they keep the execution time in less than ninety minutes and, somehow, find a way to squeeze a strip club sequence. So give credit where the credit is owed.
