I first heard of Unisol 2 when I passed a movie theater when I was on vacation in the United States. I did not really pay much attention until I bought the original on DVD, which led me to discover its three sequels. Later, I started reading about The Return in the IMDB and I asked the friends what they thought. Despite his horrible criticism, I still struggled to see it and was about to buy it until I saw it on DVD. I did not expect much, but I thought I should have been half decent to get a theatrical release in the United States, after all, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for this. It's so bad that I almost cried. What a waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this movement is. Honestly. It's about making idiotic movies. No, it's more than an idiot. I just can not believe how this was done. I can not believe that someone did not kill Mic Rogers. How stupid can people be? First of all, Van Damme really thought that the script and the finished movie were good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley, of Terminator 2 and Air Force One, committed to this movie. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It is taken so seriously, but it reaches the audience like a parody. Here is an example: the daughter of JCVD ​​(yes, Luc is now human again) - "I love my dad", SETH- "Me too". Ah, yes, and a guy tries to close SETH by pulling three huge levers with, wait for it, ON and OFF written on them. The performance throughout the year is like the performance of the school. I'm sure Mr. Director modeled Luc's girlfriend reporter in April O'Neil of the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles, who refuses to go because "... she needs your story." I mean, come on, how many clichés can a film use? Please, listen to my IMDB colleagues, do not touch this with a barge pole. To conclude, Universal Soldier: The Return has nothing to do with the first movie. In fact, if they were not called UniSols, you would never know it was a sequel. Luc is now a human again, what the hell!?! The only place where you can access the internet is in a strip club. All the new Uni Sols seem to have been dragged out of the street, they are not so convincing. This is pure torture, so do yourself a favor: do not torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo jumps out of a building and shouts "Oh sh * t".
