Ok, I saw this movie to get a point of reference for evil, but with this movie it's the best Unisol movie, now conspiracy Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has gone through many hours of training and combat with him, to refine and perfect the UniSol program in an effort to create a new and stronger race of soldiers that is more sophisticated, intelligent and agile. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH, a thought helix that evolves itself. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to close due to budget cuts, he takes the matter into his own "hands" to protect himself. Assassinating those who try to turn off their power and unleashing their super-soldiers platoon, led by the muscular Romeo, SETH saves Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to disable a built-in program that will close SETH Down in question of hours. With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH takes human form. Luc must not only fight with the ambitious journalist Erin, who is not going to be left with him, but Luc must also deal with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped the 13-year-old daughter, wounded, of Luc, Hillary, and now holds her hostage. Luc is the only person who can rescue Hillary, because Luc knows first-hand how he thinks, feels and fights a UniSol. Now there are problems like in any movie as if someone found it strange how a reporter was simply there and the soldiers can be crushed with a truck, however, when Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun with a bullet and they die. and the final scene of the fight was incredible when Luc is now human and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can take a hit from him. With the final fight, when Luc breaks it into pieces, I was very surprised that the pieces did not melt and reform (Terminator 2). Another thing that bothers me is how the hell Vanne Damme get good actors to play their relatives, I mean, in the case of Vanne Damme that is completely out of the science fiction network that is this movie. The Musical Score now that you must have a mention, have you ever heard a song in which you prefer to cut a blackboard with a knife and Universal Soldier 2 is like that? The positive points are that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and, unlike the first, there is only one nude scene, while in the first there are many (I am still obsessed by the scenes in number 1), also the actors have something of talent. while in the first casting actors were sadistic (if you do not believe me, look for them)
