After seeing the low budget versions of the "Universal Soldier" franchise, I waited and prayed for Van Damme to repeat his role as Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie. Well, it seemed that this prayer was answered, but not as I expected. Universial Soldier 2 is as intense as reading poetry in your local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. The fight sequences are top quality, Bruce Lee quality, which is the only redeeming factor in this whole pathetic excuse for a movie. That and have the legend of the former WCW player "Goldberg" playing the villain. However, placing Goldberg as Seth's lieutenant assistant would have been better. <br /> <br /> What most offended me was the setting of the movie itself. It's as if some students at the film school slap him. The orifices of the plot are larger than Kanye West's ego. What really made this movie. For example: Luc's daughter, Hillary, seems to be at least 11-13 years old and the first film was filmed only seven years ago. How is that possible? Tell me that! The part where Luc's partner was murdered and turned into a Unisol is just cursed! He wants to tell me that there was an experimental Unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the film. Let's go. The director could have spent more time with this movie as the first and have closed all the holes in the plot. But oooh nooo! <br /> <br /> Speaking of the plot, CHUPLA! Compared to the first film, the plot of Universal Soldier 2 was diluted and worthless. Where are the exciting emotions in which a Unisol goes crazy and recreates his last memories in a supermarket thinking that it is Desert Storm or something? This was the beginning of the Millennium, it would attract more public if this had taken place in a dystopia / Orwellian type of future well. Corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad and sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, and hell, even the "Class of 1999" from the Terminator "Class of 1999" is more entertaining!
