The mind is surprised that the Universal Soldier deserved a sequel. Since the true star, Dolph Lundgren, could not repeat his original role, there are few reasons to indulge in this obvious tax deduction. Bold attempts are made to fill the void with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of emotion. Bill Goldberg seems to be having the best time of his life in this movie, and makes a good effort to play the role of comedian villain. For once, his role is of the type that involves repeating the same line several times, and does not become irritating. The problem from the point of view of the audience is that none of these gentlemen really has the sense of comedic rhythm or the lower humility that makes it a pleasure to see Lundgren in almost all of his films. And therein lies the problem. You're not going to see a Van Damme movie because you want a serious action. You go because you want a comedy, even if it's involuntary. <br /> <br /> Without the knowledge of many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two direct sequels to the video. I've only seen the first, which had production values ​​so bad that only one can wonder if it was meant to be some kind of elaborate prank. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that, for once in his career, seeing Jean-Claude Van Damme is a welcome relief. The film ignores more or less completely the stories of the direct sequels to the aforementioned video, and instead begins a completely new story that establishes an indeterminate time after the events of the original. After years of research and explanation, the Unisol project goes ahead, with some minor modifications. On the one hand, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to damage than their previous cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now under the direction of a supercomputer called SETH. In the first parts of the film, SETH exists mainly as a series of abstract graphics within a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Since the film barely lasts more than eighty minutes, we are quickly told that funding for the military is being cut off. The Unisol project is in the cut block, which essentially means that SETH will shut down. . SETH, who somehow listens to this conversation through means that are never really explained, decides to mobilize the Unisols as an army against those who seek to silence him. Its only problem is that, from time to time, it is required to enter a code in your system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two individuals possess the code in question. SETH kills the first in a short time, and those who are familiar with the plot kit on which the Van Damme films are built will guess in five seconds who is the second. The rest of the film revolves around the Unisols' attempts to obtain the Van Damme code without hurting it too much. A secondary plot with a daughter and a reporter is woven in the film, but it adds to the story as much as Van Damme to the profession of acting. <br /> <br /> The film is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH transplants his command module in the body of Michael Jai White, we receive a speech about how the time of humans is over. He continues telling his infantrymen how fear and mortality will be the weaknesses of humanity. Wow, SETH, do you mean that they will not be our strengths? Leaving aside the jokes, the short duration of the film is both the weakness of the film and its strength. Leave the action without proper configuration. In the original, we are given a very detailed explanation of the Unisols, how they work and how they are carried to the state that is seen in most of the film. Here, the writer seems to take it for granted that the viewer knows what a Unisol is and how they operate. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created by leaving the explanation for later in the film when the hero is in an ice tub. Here, one of the villains is shot with a weapon that leaves huge holes in his uniform (and probably in his body), rising each time without stopping to breathe. <br /> <br /> I tend to reserve one's score for movies that are so bad that they become entertaining in a completely involuntary way. If you can see it cheap, take a look. This is the kind of movie that makes me mourn the loss of Mystery Science Theater.
