In his description of a miserable Milanese subclass, this film was probably quite revealing in his time. However, I have the feeling that neorealism was never really the bag of the director De Sica, since here he decided to try to create a kind of modern fable centered around a child that had been found in a cabbage patch by an old dear in the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends up living in a slum in Milan. Organize the inhabitants in community action, and keep their spirits up with an annoying smile on their face and evaluating them in their time tables. Nobody to tell you where to paste your time tables is beyond me, since these people have much more important things to think about, such as where the next Pot Noodle will come from. Anyway, De Sica uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device to highlight exactly why these poor guys are where they are. Of course, everything depends on capitalism, and to illustrate this, he has the miserable to discover a source of oil in their lands. Sparkly! However, to his credit, at this time he has already given up on making a serious film, and the capitalists appear as stern caricatures, all fur and cigar coats. They want that land, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. By a strange stroke of luck, his old and deceased guardian of the days of the cabbage patch appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove. He uses it to give gifts to his companions, who are as greedy as the men in the cigar. I reckon that this movie was a missed opportunity. To address the issue of poverty, as many filmmakers had not done until then, and then get caught up in a fairy tale, to me it seems a bit silly. How is it that the 'great' directors get away with the children's plot like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have rejected the idea of ​​having poor people flying over the Duomo in Milan and higher up on broomsticks. De Sica, however, is proclaimed as a genius for this. Surely the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is unbreakable and that miracles never happen to them, is enough for any narrator to work. <br /> <br />
