When I was 16 years old I saw the documentary: "A funny thing happened on the way to the moon". Actually I liked it, and I believed in it for a couple of years. But then I grew up and started thinking, and when I had looked for more information. This is: more information from roll sources and non-skewed sources. When I started college, not long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said surprised me: he said that all those theories were lies. That puzzled me, I did not believe it first, but then presented evidence of his claims. It quickly discredited most theories on the subject: "humans did not go to the moon". Most of the attacks were that Apollo's ship could not travel through Van-Allen's radiation belt, without the crew perishing by radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret alloy of anti-radiation aluminum. It is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret? Well, why should they reveal it back then? If they were in a space race with the Russians, it would be VERY foolish to reveal that they had new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there is the greatest evidence of all: the Moonstones When the Apollo missions went to the moon, they brought many rocks from the moon to give them to geologists and similar scientists, who are documenting all things about the moon. These rocks and stones are in the fact of the moon. Because: the basic internal elements, in which all matter is composed, are also made of special isotopes, which are different from one quarry to another, from one land to another, and especially from one planet to another. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been tested, which do not come from the earth. The astronauts brought home HUNDREDS of Kilograms of these rocks, all have proven to come from outside the Earth and from the same planet. Ergo: The landings of the moon where there is no lack. NASA went to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proven: humans did go to the moon, it's a fact, soon. <br /> <br /> But I do not worry: most of the conspirators: the theoreticians are generally unemployed and uneducated, and that is why they do not. Know or lie about these facts. The fact is that humans walked on the moon.
