From its uninspiring title to the flat performance, Curdled is a very interesting film at all times. The film has won some fans for the fact that Quentin Tarantino's name is attached to it, and the stupid and out of place nod to Rodriguez / Tarantino's film 'From sunset to sunrise'. These things do not make a great movie, however, and this is more than evident through "Curdled." The film suffers from a too obvious lack of ideas, and tries to mask it with murders that are meant to be elegant and events that are supposed to be disturbing. The Mexican music that accompanies many of the sequences of the film must obviously be great, but it becomes annoying very quickly; especially for the fact that the main character is Mexican, does not fit the tone of the film. The plot of the film is usually unconventional and follows a gorehound who, because of his obsession with the grisly murders, takes a job in a company that cleans up murder scenes. It sounds boring and it is. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin is the only 'name' on the list of actors, and even he does not impress. He has not been given anything to do in the movie and, apart from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look threatening, he's pretty lost. Angela Jones, or rather; the taxi driver of Pulp Fiction takes the lead role as the young woman obsessed with the murder, and it is always clear that it is her participation in Pulp Fiction that won her this role, not her ability to act. She may have been good enough in her small role in Tarantino's masterpiece, but she does not have the talent to direct a film by herself. It looks lost and out of place for most of the movie, and if it were not for its Latin accent; she would not convince the audience that she is rare at any level. Curdled is a piece of garbage that can be forgotten one hundred percent. Movies like this often earn praise for inventions or black comic antics; but it fails at all levels. Whether you're a fan of Tarantino, a fan of William Baldwin, a horror fanatic or just a movie buff; this is one to lose
