This is possibly the most backward slasher of the 80s, but how can you be hard with a movie that presents endless images of dozens of beautiful women with exciting bodies doing aerobics, taking a shower and wandering in tight gym suits? Before being a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promotional video to encourage the use of steroids, silicones and other physical conditioning products that stimulate the body. If you leave out all the images of hunky boys lifting weights and delicious girls moving their butts and racks to the songs of the 80 unbearable, it is likely that there are only about 15 minutes of history. A lot of time to improvise a plot about a sadistic killer who is killing young health fans with a big security pin (okay?). The film begins with a hilariously funny scene of a girl fried between an electric sunbathing device. Several years later, people appear dead in the same spa. You really do not need to be an experienced horror fan or a rocket scientist to discover that there is a link between the murders and the burning incident, right? Investigating the case is an apparently brave police officer (and Charles Napier looked!) And a private meat pie detective who is lucky with the sexiest beauty of the 80 I've seen in my life! Looking through the credits, her name is Dianne Copeland apparently, and she did not do anything other than this turkey and an imbecile Troma movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a lost opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she sure had two other BIG advantages that would help her move up in the entertainment world. The amount of blood and the quality of makeup effects are nothing special, either. They treat us a couple of strange stabs with a pin and some grilled human flesh. The twists of the plot near the end are ridiculous and predictable, but by then nobody is taking the film seriously. It is recommended "Aerobicide" (a.k.a. "Killer Workout") in case you want to disconnect all the functions of your brain for one night, but anyway you want to see a movie! In fact, it would be an excellent double feature with "Death Spa". Both movies have a lot of sexy and barely dressed girls? And both films are pretty silly.
