On the surface, this film seems to deal with the psychological process called individuation, that is, how to become a true being by embracing the so-called "dark" side of human nature. Therefore, we have the Darkling, a classic diabolic and somber creature who desperately seeks the company (ie the recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is handled, more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if we delve a little deeper, we discover that it is really about how you should relate to your car as you would any other person: - in the opening scene, the main character ( male mechanic of cars fallen from grace) is collecting pieces and pieces of car accidents with his daughter, when a car accident almost hits the girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are people incarnated with immortal souls, and stealing from cars is identical to serious theft. The wicked have annoyed the dead and must be punished. - Right after that, another character (Rubin) buys a car accident with the intention of repairing it and selling it as a famous racing car that was lost a moment ago and is warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, a car has a unique identity that can not be altered or replaced. In addition, there is a twist that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would only consider rubbish, but eventually that quality is a projection of Rubin's own personal greed for more benefits. Lesson # 3: You will never treat your car as a single medium, but always as an end in itself. - then we have the scene in which the main character is presented to Rubin and, what is more important, to Rubin's car: the evaluation of the qualities of the car by the main character is not only based on its exterior appearance, but also in an exhaustive look inside the engine room. Lesson # 4: A car is not only to be judged by its appearance, it is what is inside that really counts. There is a punishment in the shop for those who do not have this lesson in mind, as we see in the scene in which another man tries to sell Rubin a fake collector car. This scene, by the way, also underlines the importance of lesson # 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the film of the theme 'car = person'-theme, and now I am too tired to bother quoting them , but the point remains (and I think this is what I'm really trying to say that it's fun to watch this movie if you have absolutely nothing else to do, or if you're a car devotee.
