The Darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film while F. Murray Abraham was in it. Spoilers: Approximately halfway, F.Murray is affected, because The Darkling is a kind of demon-like creature that enjoys living indirectly. He takes bums and losers and perverts them even more while giving them everything they want in terms of success. He feeds on his enjoyment of the seven deadly sins. However, part of this is that you need to get people who may have defects but who are not completely evil. Otherwise, you can not "pervert" your natural goodness. That's what the boy said with his voice of Barry White, which I found charming and fun. Mostly fun Imagine Barry White if he were a little dwarf and he was saying to Aiden Gillen: "Dee Plane, Dee Plane, Bos, Here we go, Dee Plane!" Throughout the film, Dee Dwarf (actually a robotonic cherub) talks to Aiden Gillen in the voice of Barry White, saying things like "It's okay to be bad, you know you want it." "Now you've committed a murder, you're really moving in the world" and other comments that sound like commercials of "Being Evil" Stores or something like that. It really is hilarious in a sickly way. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Aiden Gillen is not F. Murray Abraham, and the tanks of the film as soon as Murray receives the ax (or is he stabbed?). F. Murray brings a certain happy malevolence to his role in this film. He is a good actor. Aiden Gillen, on the other hand, has a happy and permanent smile on his face, and it seems that maybe it is his English compensator of recovery. The class had never hit the mythological characters and could not imagine what the movie was about. The ending is really creepy and, nevertheless, almost comical. If this movie were a parody, the ending was perfect. If it was not a parody, then it was creepy; but the cheap use of a small girl to deliver a crass that the film itself could not offer. The people who made this movie lost everything they wanted to do somewhere before the end. It just ends as they realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quick ending.
