Near the final stages of Baby Mama, one of the central characters continues describing the basic outline of everything that came before and summarizes that "everything was just a disaster"; I really could not say it better than that. And while the feature has its strange ray of hope from time to time, the vast majority of what is present is too neutralized to be considered relevant and has nothing special to make it worth the time of either. A mediocre cast, a mundane script and vague, caricatured characters ensure that Baby Mama is certainly not taxing others, but never makes up for it with her proposed sense of humor. Consisting mainly of very routine jokes, based on a strange couple (rich and poor) who try to live together while preparing to bring a baby to the world, the film is too esoteric to offer laughter outside of its very demographic demographics. <br /> <br /> As a story about how to find love, it's not so bad, but when interpreting this plot as a kind of parallel story to work along with the tangent odd couple oriented to comedy, the characterization is noticeably weak, resulting in a warm romance that never bubbles. As characters in themselves, both central figures are slightly amusing when they come together in small spaces, but when they are left alone, they quickly unravel and discover their emptiness; so, although in the long run we can find the interactions between the characters fun, the comedy never branches beyond the distant laughter; we do not feel for the characters and we do not find them intrinsically interesting, but rather their dynamics. However, unfortunately, although this dynamic works better, or at least it is better than individual people, as mentioned above, it rarely derives from the typical limits of the odd couple's formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who has hired the working class, Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely replacement, and after Angie decides to leave her husband Carl (Dax Shepard) without hope, both have to learn to live together despite their obvious differences Yes, it is the typical premise of a strange couple, and one that we have already seen in What Happens in Vegas this year, but what Baby Mama is missing is that the aforementioned film is as much the chemistry between the performers as the semi-layered ones. Kate and Angie never manage to show much of a personality outside of their two-dimensional scheme and, as such, both artists are careless to play roles that require chemistry to produce from nothing. In fact, the only really attractive performance and character in the film comes from the underutilized talents of Romany Malco, who bothers to play a man at the door. Of the few times I laughed during Baby Mama, most of those moments were due to this man, and the rest generally corresponded to Shepard. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is rare to find a movie that embodies your movie. The themes of the script in the way their world is projected and presented to us through the camera, and yet director Michael McCullers goes from page to screen with enough efficiency. However, for a film about babies, multi-million dollar businesses and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is grade A, hammy, plastic tinsel, with capital that contains sugar. So not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters due to their two-dimensional nature, but I simply did not care about the world they inhabited. The dialogue, together with the sets, the costumes and the general themes of the script are painted in blue and pink tones, so much so that all the nuances of humanity are lost in the incessant need of the director to make his film feel like a fantasy castrated These are not characters and that is not our world in any way? Then, why should I care? However, at the end of the day, the final indicator of the success or failure of a romantic comedy is reduced purely to its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laughter; Baby Mama has little to do in any of these departments. Of course, saying that the movie has no value would be unfair. I'm sure that female audiences on a similar boat like the main character, Kate, may have a slight kick in the process, but it's likely that any other person feels dazed and bored. In this sense, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never convinces to be something extraordinary or worthy of looking at anyone who is not of his immediate audience; a false comedian and a romantic mismatch, Baby Mama is too dizzy to be interesting and too shallow to be entertaining. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
