I'm beginning to think that there is a conspiracy, in agreement: one that involves a large amount of money paid to those who have access to columns published in newspapers and art and film magazines to ensure that this or that film, despite its obscurity, reach a higher state through a rating point that will label it with "universal acclaim" or something within that range, thus ensuring that unsuspecting people (like me) will roam theaters or rent the damn object, waiting for surprise, only to find myself competing to go to the bathroom to go up. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It has definitely made me overlook each and every one of the published articles that I found because it is quite clear that two things may have happened: or I did not receive the message that is so hidden under the inner realms of this film that it is impossible to access, o They and I saw two completely different movies that share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick for the public. No wonder he appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that, despite the qualification he received at Metacritic, no one had heard of it. It's terrible with the sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First, there is number four, always present, from start to finish. While a bit of symbolism here and there is fine, and has been done with varying degrees of success in many well-known films, this movie is panting. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera in a street so far empty, when suddenly, the machinery falls in the foreground and proceeds to tear the asphalt. Four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-entity. Three of them go their separate ways but, nevertheless, they are linked, not only to each other, but to what they are not in their lives. While this concept may work, the film meanders so much, especially with the story of the possible model played by Marina Vovchenko, who delves into the territory of the extremely strange, and not in a good way, that the initial theme is set manifest. Lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I simply "did not understand". The problem also lies in the fact that so much time is spent in Marina's history (which revolves around the death of her sister, from the chewing of bread, not less, and the subsequent and acute mourning that follows) than any interest in inherent Surrealism it dissipates without a trace. So, what if the same horrible stories that the three strangers exchanged in a bar seem to have a truth of their own? The director does not invest much time in really linking them, or in weaving a narrower story that could, in the form of David Lynchian, intersect with the present past, or within alternative dimensions, or even as a direct and mundane science. fictional story. This is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint (or somebody in the strange by strange) could support.
