Maybe being an old Muscovite and having an elastic sense of humor prevents me from throwing this film into the trash 'arthouse / festival trash'. It is not the best movie of 2005, nor is it complete garbage. It just has many problems. I also sincerely doubt that this film has been banned because of "ideological fears," "conservative taboos," or any other reason why this film can be called "brave" and "intransigent" abroad. It was banned because the censors knew that 99% of Russian filmmakers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the filming and editing of this otherwise boring film. <br /> <br /> So we have a great opening shot. Wonderful sound design, excellent premise full of meaning and symbolism. The use and placement of symbols will consist of the strongest aspects of the film (not that the number 4 is a visual challenge of enormous proportions). During the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong configuration. A fun and well written conversation between the 3 characters (main?), And we feel pathetic for these people, the great country of Russia, the human condition and all that. Then the movie starts to slow down. We begin to wonder what the future is ahead of us. <br /> <br /> The rest is pretty boring, in a nutshell. Of course, the boy from the village pulls at the strings of the heart, and there are some slightly amusing moments. Good sound, of course. But the enjoyment of this film, without mentioning the plot, is seriously compromised by the problems of rhythm. And this, this lack of reward for sitting through all abject misery and desolation (pleasantly fired), is what will ultimately make people angry with "offensive" things (personally, the main offensive scene that is limited to be endearing, in that). They can appear harmless and pathetic drunkards). <br /> <br /> If you want to watch a nice movie in which the Russians are wasted for long periods of time (the whole movie), see Particulars of the National Hunt. Much more rewarding post-Soviet things. So yes, a 4 of 10 by 4, nice and symbolic of my post-mediocre film condition.
