I watched the film at the Belgrade Film Festival last week, and I'm still working against trauma. Essentially, my opinion seems to coincide with many others: the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. Well acted too. Natural. My problem, however, is not simply the fact that the last hour and a half of the film has nothing to do with the pleasant beginning, nor with the fact that I spent most of this time convulsing in agony for the acute and twisted industrial sounds. squinting at the drunks, toothless, chewing bread. It's more like the fact that they never warned me! In the synopsis of the festival brochure only the first half hour (completely intriguing) was described: a slut, a piano tuner and a meat vendor chat at a bar, posing as an advertising agent, a genetic engineer and an official of the government administration, respectively, doing nothing. Mention anything of the endless beating that will come. It could be said that it helps me not to read the criticism, but for my defense, a series of revisions that I looked after the fact, did not emphasize at all the immensity and the unbearable majority of the film. <Br /> <br /> The first clue should have been the introductory words of the director (a shy, disheveled Russian youth) who stood in front of the crowded auditorium (the film seems to be playing a critical role, and the entries The tickets were sold out long before the screening, although most of the audience seemed as unconscious as I was of the pain that would come, judging by the large amount of terrible moans and groans that completely permeated the theater during the last half hour, and many exasperated comments at the exit) to say the following: 'Well, I ... um, thank you very much for coming to see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long movie ... It took four years to do it, and ... it's ... I suggest you see it and immediately try to forget it. It is very long. Thanks for coming.' This is what he said. The alarm bells should have been ringing. 'What are you talking about?' I thought of happy confusion. 'This is going to be fun!' Of course, by the time his strange apology comments began to make sense to me, it was too late to leave. All I could do is writhe in growing agony until the lights came on again. And, in the end, I can not say that I feel improved in any way by the experience. Yes, I loved the first half hour. He was smart, new, and had a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. Yes, life without teeth on sterile grounds is unimaginably difficult. Yes Yes Yes. I have all this. I really do. But I see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonizingly strange, and so painful to bear. If you want to see a movie land somewhere between the ends of the fantastic Hollywood plastic flash and the hours of slimy vodka gulp, try the Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It's artistic and surprising, but also to the point and fun.
