Who could have wanted a sequel to Bert I. Gordon's legendary bad trash film, "Food of the Gods"? Nobody, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea, anyway, and organized a belated follow-up that stands as one of the most redundant films in horror history. "Gnaw" is a sequel only in name, as the configuration was moved to a typical location of the late 80's (a university campus) and also the cheap gore effects and cheese perfectly illustrate the 80's. This script is linked by clichés, very poorly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other horror classics (and more successful). Neil Hamilton is a scientist of the two shoes who performs culture experiments in common rodents to do a favor to a fellow scientist. Due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and voracious rats escape and devour almost everyone on campus. Following the old tradition that the "Jaws" of Spielberg began, there is an unpleasant Dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severely mutilated corpses appear everywhere. During a hysterically grotesque climax, the rats invade the opening ceremony of the new campus sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and, therefore, very fun to watch. The characters do and say stupid things unimaginably (like descending into the unarmed sewers while KNOWING that they are infested with rats), the acting is atrocious and there is a really strange sequence in which the hero has sex under the influence of growth serum. I wonder what Freud's theory would be about that! Is there a satisfactory amount of gore and sleaze and ?? must I say ?? The music is surprisingly atmospheric. In case you can not get enough of this garbage, there are quite a few characteristics of creatures that rotate in mutated rats, like Schlock's Italian movie "Rats: Night of Terror", the modest cult movie of the 70s "Willard" and his the sequel takes "Ben", the remake of "Willard" of 2003 starring Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good recent films of rats of the famous director Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). Go crazy!
