MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those movies with a story behind the scenes that is more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his apprenticeship year, and his first double. Here he played one of his last villainous roles (although the feature film TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE had not yet been presented), and also marked one of the last times he would work for a director who was not himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost fired him from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had not got on well with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but in his opinion. The autobiography having to take the address of a mere "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer to Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do with him, but everyone wanted Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on the verge of firing Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were becoming fashionable and the exhibitors wanted more of them as soon as possible, so Chaplin was promised the opportunity to address himself to finish this movie the way Mabel wanted. Unfortunately, none of those dramas can be seen on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like the typical chaos of Keystone. The story refers to a race car that is scheduled to compete with Mabel's boyfriend (Harry McCoy), but the evil Charlie and his henchmen kidnap the boy, and Mabel must take the wheel instead. Despite all the races, the launching of bricks and biting the fingers of the film is frankly short of laughter, but there are some points of interest. There is a good photograph and editing in the sequence of the race, although in reality there are no gags, just a lot of frenetic activity. Chaplin looks strange, wearing a goat-like beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and robe he wore in his first appearance in the film, MAKING A LIVING, but the outfit adapts to the old-fashioned villainy he shows in everywhere. At least it is a novel to see him play such an uncharacteristic role. Visible in the stands at the race track are Keystone stalwarts such as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strange, dandified outfit and a more characteristic Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and doing his usual routine of meaningless rubé. As an actor, Sennett was as subtle as the films he produced, but you have to give the kid credit: he knew what people liked. These films were very popular at the time. Mack's performance does not add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but he probably had to be present for the shoot to make sure his stars did not kill each other.
