After reading the large amount of comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction viewers. There are those who are well read, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know how high it can be in the hands of a gifted author. For many years science fiction languished in the basement of literature. I considered my most critical as little more than stories of lightning guns and extraterrestrials aimed at prepubertal teenagers. The reading enthusiast of today knows this story well and knows the great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped to bring science fiction out of that basement. In doing so, they created intelligent stories that provoked thought that stretched boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans criticize anything that Hollywood throws at them. They are not critical for their own good, but they look at each offering with a skeptical eye. (As they should, since the Hollywood record has been less than stellar). For these fanatics, history must have supreme importance. They can not be fooled by flashy computer graphics and non-stop action sequences. When the emperor has no clothes, they shout it louder. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction viewer has little knowledge about the written aspect of the genre. (Look at many of the previous comments that say "Well, I have not read the book or anything about this author ...) Your total exposure to science fiction comes from movies or from the Scifi channel, they are extremely uncritical, they are willing to ignore it: big holes of the plot, weak premises and fine story lines if they get a good dose of action and amazing special effects.They are, in effect, willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had them). !) During the duration of the film Case in point, I Robot Although supposedly based on Asimov's short stories and named after one of his novels, it contains little of what Asimov wrote and much less than he tried to tell us about humanity and our history Robotic creations (Those of you who will run out and buy I, Robot will be very surprised, this movie is not even based on that story!) <br /> <br /> The movie has huge plot holes, which in some points extend to the limits of credulity. I will not point them out Do not feed yourself with a spoon. You need to practice your thinking skills and discover them for yourself. The characters, who are named after many of Asimov's characters, do not possess the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of their stories. The plot itself with all its action sequences goes against everything the author defended. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems using their minds, not their fists, is vital to understanding their vision of the future. In short, apart from the name, there is very little of Isaac in this film. There will always be people who are not critical (that is, without thinking) who will declare: "The film does not have to be like the book." Because of the medium, films sometimes require changes to be made. But what about a case in which the film did not even try to stay close to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if all they took from the written work was the title? This raises the question: Why tarnish a large body of work by hitting your title on your piece of empty junk? Save money and do not buy the rights to the works. Titrate it in another way. Do not use the names of the characters. Believe me, nobody will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it does not matter what title you assign to the unread viewer who accepts everything you throw at him. But it will annoy those who read, who think, who are not willing to just let them give them a rather light show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, as a big part of the Hollywood version of the genre, pushes science fiction to that basement in which he lived years ago. Hollywood could not do this alone. A senseless and uncritical audience is needed to accept the puerile dredger in this way.
