Yes, Kazaam is one of those horribly bad movies that almost remember everything that is wrong not only with children's movies, but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a rapper genius, yes, a RAPPING genius, where he does everything from making bad word games to dressing up in ridiculous outfits, all ending in him in a pose similar to Christ's with a lot of light around him. So, yes, wait for really cheesy pieces, including the first wish, which is a pile of junk food that falls from the sky (and, unfortunately, you should not eliminate the two main characters, especially the child). What can not be expected is that a movie with a child and Shaquille O'Neill is incredibly awkward! The main plot of the film involves this child, played in that way too typical and annoying by the great-grandson of Frank Capra (in which the child angrily shouts his dialogue), who meets a genius. that has been trapped in a boom box. Then, a "hiatus" occurs when the child turns Shaq-genie into his almost slave while waiting for his last two wishes while trying to make peace with his absent gang-like father. <br /> <br /> This really conceited story, devised of son and father would be quite bad, since there are certain lines that have been pronounced in a million other films (that is, the discourse of "two opportunities in the life "from father to son). But it is Shaquille O'Neill who is both the reason to see the film (ironically) and the obvious crux of all that. His plot line involves him, when he does not receive the excessive treatment of Capra, to rape in the dialogue and also to begin his flourishing recording career. In addition to this, he also kicks asses and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back in the boom-box. So, is there a camp factor in the movie? Up to a point, but this is even crushed by all the soft scenes and the "sincere" moments that really have nothing to do with the rest of the material. One might wonder if the people who made the film, who obviously did so at the behest of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go to Michael Jordan's car, if it was somehow decent entertaining or convincing. I hope they also knew that they were being paid. But I hope even more that they have felt at least a little guilty about feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to have a fun night of Shaq like a genius turned rapper - it became a joy, much more fun for you. Hell, it might even be interesting to have a night of Shaq movies with this and his other critically acclaimed effort, Steel. But if you expect to keep some brain cells, stay away from what is probably the worst movie of 1996 and be a candidate among many others for the worst of the 90s.
