To review KAZAAM and say that it is a bad movie is not difficult at all. After all, critics at the time it came to light were criticized for this movie, saying it was among the worst movies of the decade. So, the fact that you say it is bad or that someone else says it is bad is no surprise. It's like someone talks about World War II, virtually nobody says that was GOOD, right? The question I have and that no place in IMDb can answer is "why did they do this in the first place?". After all, it is obvious to anyone who does not have a serious brain injury that the movie would be horrible. But, movies like ED (a baseball that plays with a chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (starring the ever popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (which does not even have trolls), BABY GENIUSES (superhero babies similar to Einstain) and PINOCCHIO IN THE OUTSIDE SPACE (eh!?!) Show that any idea, no matter how silly, can reach the big screen. So, the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the era starring as a genius for an unpleasant brat seems frankly "normal"! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a child who is quite ragged and is closing the lockers in the school hall. Like the FREE WILLY punk, this guy is 'misunderstood' (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible it may be, by the end of the movie he will have learned something and grown up. . Just once, I want to see a punk kid like this end up in jail or dead at the end of the movie! Eventually, while the neighborhood thugs are in the middle of beating him, the genius Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. But, the child does not believe him And the magic of genius seems a bit rusty. <br /> <br /> Finally, the brat realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he refuses to make his wishes so, meanwhile, Kazaam is forced to follow him everywhere, as his own personal servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, Max and Kazaam will have become lifelong friends and will shed a lot of tears. Oh, and Max will have reached an agreement with the absent father and mother's fiancé (I'm going to throw up). Apparently, this genius is a little social worker besides being a wish-giver. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks in rhyme throughout much of the film and even takes a break for rap ... very poorly. I am a middle-aged white man and I think I could probably rap at least as well. He's an amazing basketball player and I've heard he's a good guy, but a rapper ... no way! In regards to his performance, it was not very good, but he had such a nice personality in the movie that it's hard to hate him, even if he was forced to do many very stupid things. <br /> <br /> So, is the movie so horribly horrible as you've probably heard? Through the first two thirds of the movie, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to try his best with an unpleasant boy and a bad script. However, later in the film, the bad becomes horrible, since Kazaam seems too self-concerned to help the child when he really needs it. And, out of nowhere, the plot becomes very, very strange, since the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (!!!!) becomes an evil mobster! And, curiously, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation. <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the film consists of people who try to kill Max and his father. I know the child was annoying, but this is supposed to be a movie for children. What part of "trying to kill the child" did the writers not understand? Then, in an ending that makes this the worst movie for children that ends in history, Kazaam becomes a god or something and everything was like a hallucination induced by drugs! This ending was even dumber and weirder than THE BLACK HOLE ... and my kid made my brain hurt! Uggghh - the horrible dialogue was too hard to bear! <br /> <br /> In general, it is a terrible film that is mainly due to writers who were in a certain way crazy. Yes, friends, with a messy message, strange material not suitable for children and horrible characters, this is a miserable movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine that the final product is getting much worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a Genie in a movie of the modern world that is GOOD, try it. The British made for the television movie "Bernard and the Genie", a charming and exceptionally well written film from start to finish.
