This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I saw in my life and when I did it I was horrified. Much of the novel had been set aside and he considered William Hurt to be terribly like a villain like Rochester. Since then, I have seen all the other notable adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three mini series of '73, '83 and 2006, and I have noticed that there are worse adaptations. and, what's worse, the Rochester. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the most exquisite adaptation of Jane Eyre when it comes to cinematography. The director Franco Zerifferelli delights with the beautiful and long shots of snow falling from a winter sky, the lonely Rochester on a rock and Jane looking out the window, but it is less good to tell a story and give life to the characters . In addition, his script simply scratches the surface of the novel by leaving out many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately does not include the comic side of their sexual relationship either. There is a series of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of them beautifully prepared, but the pair of sentences they exchange is not enough to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know that they are supposed to fall in love, but we never see it really happening. The scene in which Rochester wants to know Jane's reaction to her dilemma by presenting her case hypothetically to her after the injured Mason has left the house, missing the farewell scene, the most important scene, the climax, of The novel is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other writers have made by substituting his own bad writing for the superb lines of Brontë, nor the crucial scenes have been changed and completely rewritten, but it makes the error less offensive, but in the end it is a big mistake, simply to leave many important scenes. What remains is just a look at the novel, which does not do justice to Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mix: while Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs. Reed, the young Jane of Anna Paquin is more rude, she pout Lolita than a lonely girl who longs for love. The always reliable Joan Plowright becomes a very nice, but too astute Mrs. Fairfaix, and one can not help but feel that Billie Whitelaw is supposed to play the village witch instead of the graceful Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as the adult heroine, however, is physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. At 18, thin and fragile, with irregular and strong features, it is closer to my inner vision of Jane than to any other actress in that role. And during the first 15 minutes of his screen time, I was delighted by his performance. Gainsbourgh manages well to let the audience guess the internal fire and the strong will that lies behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately the script never allows you to expand the more passionate and lively side of Jane's character. As a result of neglecting so many scenes and shortening much of the dialogue, the representation of Jane de Gainsbourgh must necessarily remain incomplete and, therefore, ultimately unsatisfactory. This is a shame, because with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been as good as Jane as Zelah Clarke in the '83 version. <br /> <br /> But although it is still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there is no trace of Rochester in the character that William Hurt plays. Hurt, who has proven to be a good actor in many good films, must have been aware that he was so bad at the physical and typographical that he did not even try to interpret the Rochester of the novel. His Rochester, in addition to being blond and blue-eyed, is a noble man of good manners, shy and quiet, a little strange and eccentric, but basically friendly and good-natured. He is so far from being irascible, moody and somber that the lines that refer to these features of his character sound absolutely ridiculous. In addition, during many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression leaves one wondering if he is fighting the acute attacks of sleeping sickness. Particularly in the scene of the proposal, he grimaces like a patient who gets up with a general anesthetic and can barely keep his eyes open. If you compare your Rochester with the strong and charming protagonist of the novel, simply full of energy and temperament, it is not surprising that many viewers are disappointed with the performance of Hurt. Still, I am offended less than the Rochester in the '70, '97 and 2006 versions and, in general, would rate this Jane Eyre higher than these other three. Obviously, Hurt had the good sense to recognize that it could not be the Rochester of the novel and, therefore, he did not try to do it, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but they failed miserably, and I prefer to see a character that is not Rochester than a Rochester that is misinterpreted. And I prefer to see a Jane Eyre movie that leaves out many lines of the novel but does not invent new ones that a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound as if they could be pronounced by a couple today in a Starbucks coffee. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it is harmless, which is more than what can be said of the adaptations of '97 and 2006. Therefore, I would not give anybody up to see this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you'll find a beautifully made movie.
