The moment you give an 'art film' 1/10, you have people yearning for your ignorant blood, half mocking and artistically delayed. I will not try and justify that I am not an aesthetically challenging retard by listing all the 'art cinema' that I liked or mentioning how I gave an unknown 'cult classic' a 10/10. All I ask is for someone to explain to me the point, the purpose and the message of this film. <br /> <br /> Here is how I would summarize the film: Assembly of three unrelated urban legends that represent almost absurd levels of cooperation. incidence. This follows (in short, to save you 3 hours of pain) the following: a play program for children who are dying of lung cancer tries to fix things with their daughter addicted to coke, to whom he can or not having raped when she was a child, and who is being courted by a clumsy police officer with relationship problems, while the star of the game program decides that he does not want to be a failed prodigy, a fate that has happened to him to another of the game. contestants of the 60s, which we see now is an unemployed homosexual in love with a waiter with keys and who needs money for a "corrective oral surgery", while the producer of the game program, who is dying of lung cancer, he asks his nurse for help, he arranges for the son he left years ago, and who later has become a womanizing self-help guru, even when Mr. Producer's second wife suffers from guilt for cheating a dying man ; and oh, eventually, it rains frogs (you read correctly). And I'm saving you the incredibly long and useless, literally rambling monologues that each character seems to develop on the fly without any rhyme or reason other than, possibly, to make sure the film crosses 3 hours and is classified as a "modern epic". ' <br /> <br /> You're probably thinking that I could have done a better job of summarizing the movie (and, in turn, not confusing you) if I had written the damn thing a little more coherently, maybe in a few sentences. Instead of just one ... Well, now you know how I feel.
