... and you can see that statement in different ways, by the way. In the first place, it is a disaster due to all the frightening and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination does not even come close to some of the scenes explicitly shown here. Entire parts of this movie are simply sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and bring you to vomit. Now, I diamantes horror movies and I am very 'pro-violence' ,esa but Iunction Velocidad buscar! Is it a lot to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. The "movie" contains four separate chapters connected by an enveloping story. This translates into an endless demonstration of torture, murder and disease only to discover that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. And still, it must be said, the basic idea of ​​the plot surely has potential. He is a cannibal hypnotist who made a deal with the same demon to avenge himself and cause misery and death to all those involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so they should have focused on that a little more instead of wanting to create the most unpleasant film in history. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the whole production of this movie was a disaster. . They did not have much budget and they spent it all on fake blood and guts ... A lot of things !! The acting performances are a joke and some of the worst I've seen. Any other special effect, in addition to makeup, seems very amateur (like the attempt of a realistic car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to create one. <br /> <br /> Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With the presence of death-metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of filth ... do you understand the link?) This film, obviously, is only intended for the eyes of twisted teenagers who try to be controversial. Girls and boys with problems that take pleasure in worrying their parents when they see this shit like that. And then people keep complaining that the number of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced or discarded an unstable mind. For every horror fan who respects himself, this movie is an insult.
