Did anyone who was making this film, particularly the director, care about the logic of the plot? These are not mere holes in the plot, but the plot of tombs, which become deeper and deeper as we lose sympathy for the main character and his difficult situation. That is, if you are a bystander kind enough to bravely ignore the fact of most movies, that the characters are servants of the plot of the grave, or boring and unpleasant. Or, in the case of the Downey and Hannah characters, seemingly superfluous. Reflecting on the reason for the significant screen time of Downey's character in the film, I decided that the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen time (unfortunately, since the director did not change anything else on the screen). script that he used). really needed) or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of bad conspiracy. I'll let you guess what it would be. <br /> <br /> I had to keep checking the cover of the DVD to confirm that this was really done by credible talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman would take this job. Surely he has some power to choose and choose. Actually, I can not understand why anyone would take this script, except for a first-time director looking for the experience. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed the money for his habit. I guess Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I guess Robert Duvall was only given a few pages of the script and I thought the paper in isolation seemed intriguing. These are the only motivations that I can see that would force good actors to take on roles in this film. As for Robert Altman, he has worked hard to make the film look fantastic. I realized how he had framed such and such a scene, or I used the bright orange floating vests in another scene to draw the movements of the eye, or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular environment. Normally I do not realize these things in movies, since most of the films that I bother to see until the end really involve me for reasons of good storytelling and interesting characters with understandable motives. I saw it until the end just because a ridiculous element of optimism in myself kept looking at that cover of the DVD and convincing me that, due to the talent involved, there had to be some redemption factor in this movie. <br /> <br /> Good address. But that's not why I watch movies.
