I had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so invariably my expectations were crushed. But they were crushed more than expected. The movie would have been a decent movie if I had not read the novel beforehand, which perhaps ruined it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason, they changed the Toulon work camp to a full boat. of slave galleys. The scene in Bishop Myriel's house was fine. In fact, apart from the galleys, things survived until the dismissal of Fantine. Since we do not want bad things to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, she does not sell her teeth or become a prostitute. The worst thing he does is run to the mayor's office and spit in his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Since one should not talk about having children out of wedlock, Tholomyes is the dead husband of Fantine, instead of an irresponsible dandy. Valjean can bring Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they meet happily, another change more. Then comes the convent, which is a very difficult scene to ruin. Fortunately, he was saved. However, after these three minutes of precision, the film rushes back to Classic Novel Butchering. <br /> <br /> While Cosette and Valjean are touring the park, they meet Marius giving a speech at a meeting. On the penitentiary reform. When he comes to hand out fliers to Valjean and Cosette, he says the only line in the movie that made me scream at the television. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear Victor Hugo banging on his grave. Of course they are revolutionaries! They want to rebel against the pseudo-monarchy that is in favor of another republic, silent scriptwriters! It is a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in 1832. <br /> <br /> At one point, Cosette is going to give Marius a donation from his father for the reform movement and he meets Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the eponina of the book. This Eponine seems to be a good secretary who works for prison reformers (who work at Café Universal instead of Cafe Musain). Not to mention that the audience has already been made not to like it, thanks to their tight, uncut dress and their smug manners. <br /> <br /> The prison reformers (Directed by the poorest Enjolras) that I have never seen) decide that distributing brochures is no longer good enough. So they are going to build barricades. I do not know about you, but I've never heard of reform movements that destroy streets, build barricades and attack government troops. Around three hundred people (not supposed to be so many) start attacking the National Guard and build a lot of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, luckily. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is pretty accurate, except that Javert's suicide seems difficult to understand again thanks to his tiny screen time and his strange interpretation of characters. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jump into the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never have let Javert drown. He saved man's life before, why let him die now? Then there is the omission of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration and his redemption on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette at his side. <br /> <br /> In general, I can blame the script mainly for the problems. Although I'm glad that Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the film, they were terribly misunderstood, as was the whole scene on the barricade. The elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her. That Cosette knows that Valjean's past from the beginning confuses a good business with the plot. I did not even see Thenardier, and Mme. Thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time. The same with Gavroche. However, I liked the interpretation of Valjean by Frederich March, which was one of the redeeming features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, despite his great performance in other films, seems to have missed the mark with Javert. The lip trembles, the unnecessary screams and his performance in general, all felt very bad. Also, like many Javerts that I have seen, it did not seem at all threatening, something that is required of the character. <br /> <br /> Once again, this movie would probably feel much better if I had not read the book. Although I would not recommend it to book purists. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation for the time when the infamous French version had not come out the previous year.
