When I tell people that I review movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think about a movie like that?" There are a couple of problems here. In the first place, there is a possibility that I have not seen it and, therefore, ruined my reputation. Secondly, I could destroy the film in question without realizing that it is actually his favorite. Finally, they could give me a DVD so they can see my opinion. Therefore, I find myself sitting in front of "The Convent", which is the kind of film I would completely ignore, given the option but which I can not avoid here. More is worth it because this frankly terrible "horror" is as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> Following worn-out clichés, "The Convent" focuses on a group of American high school students on a trip to an abandoned convent on a mission to be stoned, thrown and slightly scared. But will you never guess what happens next? A group of demonic cannibal nuns emerge from the cobwebs that proceed to eliminate children one by one in the classic tradition of horror movies. Will any of them survive and, more importantly, do you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that prevents "The Convent" from being a total waste of time is the fact that no one really takes this exception seriously, except for Coolio's strange cameo as a hyperactive cop with a trigger that itches. finger. It's too much fun to scare properly: the zombie cheerleader who makes squirrel noises for no reason, the one-day painting jobs that appear when you become a zombie, but what really kills him like a horror is the fact that you can know it instantly. when someone is going to jump and be killed messily. But even if they tried, I still doubt it would work: the demonic nuns who wear the type of makeup you would see on the television show "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" are not really that terrifying. The scariest thing about this film is that more than 10% of the voters gave it a maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I almost do not part. To be honest, I had more fun at a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more like a horror comedy like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead", but you're laughing at it instead of doing it. Honestly, I can not recommend this to anyone except the cast family and the team, but even so, I doubt very much that you enjoy it. I do not enjoy the genre "so bad that it's good". Personally, I think that if the filmmakers can not bother to rescue a turkey, then it should not bother anyone to try to see it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should have gone home and done something more constructive. A Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD case has two price tags: one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it sold for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this cheap, incredibly bad movie. I'm sorry if you like it, but "The Convent" really is a lot of profane trash.
