Sad. Schlocky Simply terrible and horrible. Let's be honest, when you sit down to see something called The Double-D Avenger you're not expecting great art or even moderate entertainment. You're probably expecting a kind of cult movie and maybe you'll look good in some awesome busts. You really do not get any of these in the video. The story, in accordance with most of these types, is insane: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, discovers that she has breast cancer, flies to South America to obtain a fruit that claims to be a panacea for any disease and a super-giver of skills human, returns and fights, dressed as the Double-D Avenger, a group of a local strip club that wants to beat the competition. As the stories progress, I have seen much worse things, but, as another critic pointed out, the execution is terrible. The action sequences lack zip, drive, motivation and fine tissue. The action is not even properly appropriate and the dialogue is the worst. Nothing, and I mean that NOTHING is funny, from the games of shuddering words to the references of hard-boobs. You could forgive everyone if the girls made up for it, but they all fall short. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are quite old (still, charming in their own way), but they do not expose anything and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: older and pitched caricatures of their old selves. Instead, they look so lame and desperate, more for the vehicle in which they are "starring" rather than their own abilities. There are other lovely ladies, but you really do not see much of anything. PG -13 could definitely be an appropriate rating for this. The material, the actresses and the director are tired, bored and dated, and once again, they are NOT FUN! It was a brutal hour, besides going through this, and it's a shame, because I expected something cheerful and fun. The boy who plays Bubba, by the way, was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at all, but every time he opened his mouth he still thought it was really horrible. The only bright spot here is to see Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, play the curator of a wax museum and converse with his wax, Frankenstein, affectionately called Frankie. Apart from that, this is a complete failure: now how is that for another game of words tired, terrible and trite!
