I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the main character, Marvin Mange, in this movie). He said he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you had the volume off, you'd laugh. in this movie Obviously that must be the secret. I had the volume uploaded. In fact, I was listening to this and thought it was a mess, and completely ungrateful - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo". <br /> <br /> The story is stupid: Mange is a big loser who dreams of being a policeman who fills himself with a lot of animal transplants after a car accident by a crazy scientist appropriately named Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and as a result he begins to lose control of his "animal instincts". "This makes him a" supercop. "He can smell drugs hidden in body cavities and run away from horses.Of course, he also has the unpleasant habit of eating people's cows and trying to seduce their goats, but surely that's a small price to pay, he just did not do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The cast left a lot to be desired Is there a more irritating actor in all of Hollywood than John McGinley? Here, the sergeant plays Sisk, Mange's commander in the police force, as a repulsively caricatured character (much like his medical character in the inexplicably popular television series "Scrubs.") He was eager to see the first "serious" work by Colleen Haskell ( Can any of this film be called "serious?") She, of course, won her fame as a contestant in the first "Survivor" and demonstrates here what we knew about that: she is as pretty as a button. is that he has a talent dis Sick as an actress. And what about Ed Asner as Chief of Police Wilson. I mean, how old is this guy now? It is the size of some of the cows that Mange tried to eat, and he gasped throughout the process. I'm surprised the filming is over. There is a short cameo at the end by Adam Sandler (who also served as Executive Producer of this). <br /> <br /> Anyway, I chuckled twice: Mange playing with his garish toys in the police car, and the scene Schneider has with Haskell and the orangutan - the orangutan has more talent for Act! Then, for two giggles - 2/10.
