Seeing the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me a lot of hope. It seemed that I expected a cheaper version of the Mummy. The configuration was promising, in the 1920s Cecil B. Demille does his work of the Ten Commandments. It seems that by using real Egyptian artifacts for the set of the movie, they unleashed an ancient and terrible evil (is not it always the case?). Aware of what had been unleashed, DeMille ordered that the whole set be buried instead of the usual practice of demolishing it. We hope that evil is buried with him forever. Then we change to the present where a team is trying to excavate the site (the first error of the movie, but hey, those period costumes are expensive and this is a science fiction channel movie). The first sightings we got of the Anubis monster are well done and it's a disguise in which they put a little effort and not the usual cheesy CG effect. Then the body count begins. This is where the movie went south for me. Reactions to the fact that people are dying in a frightful and strange way get a strangely moderate reaction. Once they realize that the old evil has been unleashed again and is in a wave of murders, what do the actions of men and women do? They make the usual stop to the "guy who knows the truth but never told anyone." After obtaining that vital information, do you share it with your colleagues at the excavation site? No, they stop at a hotel to take a refreshing shower and a nice chat. I'm not really the most motivated person, but if I knew that a demon from ancient Egypt was loose and killed everyone who was in sight and would come for me, I would hurry a bit in my step to solve the problem. After this intermediate section is too long and useless, they manage to destroy the monster Anubis in the usual way, running in buggies and firing with a rocket launcher while standing next to a pile of phosphorus grenades. For a science fiction movie it was above the usual trash they threw, which does not say much at all. What disappoints me is that this could have been much more if someone had written a decent script for it.
