This is a really bad movie, with bad acting and a very boring rhythm. Lorenzo Lamas is really great! All the characters are simply annoying (except Lamas), and there is absolutely no one to root or take care of, besides, the action is very boring. The movie gives us 3 villains that they had to find threatening and disturbing when in fact they were boring, ridiculous and just a bunch of idiots that wanted to shut up. Also, it seems very cheap and amateur! Lorenzo Lamas has a lot of charisma, but he can not save this piece of garbage, and believe it or not, the opening was really great, as it was the end, however, the medium is incredibly boring, and it made me want to press the fast forward button! Also, the dialogue is especially ridiculous! There is a great bar scene that I really liked, but once Lamas goes to the dock, everything collapses, plus the scene where the villains torture Jennifer's family and kill them. They were supposed to find it disturbing when in fact it's ridiculous! This is a really bad movie, with bad acting and a very boring rhythm. However, Lorenzo Lamas is really great! However, it is not enough, it is not recommended. The address is very bad. George Erschbamer does a very bad job here, with a mediocre camera job, a bland location and keeping the movie at a boring pace. The acting is pretty bad (except for Lamas). Lorenzo Lamas is incredible here, and although he is not required to act, he is very funny to watch, he has a really great character and has a lot of charisma, however, even he can not save this one, and he had no chemistry with him cast neither! (Lamas Rules!). Josie Bell is terrible here, and although she has a decent appearance, she is not very convincing and did not have chemistry with Lamas. Cheryl Jeans is sexy, but she does not have much to do but scream and scare, she did well. Robert Scott is INCREDIBLY annoying as the main villain, and he was not threatening at all, he was ridiculous just like the others 2. The rest of the cast is bad. In general, avoid! Avoid it, even if you like Lamas (like me). * of 5
