I am a film student, and I have been for several years. And the concept of a satirical cyber-kung-fu chimp made me wonder: "Is this the movie that is going to break the mold?" Let's face it, the United States has never been disappointed by any piece of cinema that has a simian star. After great classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought that they had already taken the best ideas. But then comes "Funky Monkey." I laughed, I cried, I contemplated suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I have read about the possession of demons in the Bible, but that still does not explain why someone would create such a product of evil. First of all, at least with a little intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee was actually an ape, not a monkey at all. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would clarify this problem even more in the film. They did not allow me to summarize this work of art: a company with the name of Z.I.T. He has decided to train the chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about the soldiers who work for the bananas, but when it would cost about 13 million dollars of government money to train a chimpanzee, this does not seem to be profitable. Well anyway, Z.I.T. brings a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. I expected. You can get rid of a full shift of guards, all of whom seem to have acquired their training skills at the local mall, and still can remind us that we are watching a children's movie. As you may have guessed, Modine discovers that the intentions of Z.I.T. They can be bad (gasp!) and decide to separate Clemens. Being an agent of the CIA and all, Modine knows that the best way to disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, appear regularly on television while fighting crime and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine is staying and sends two of her best to get it back. These guards are possibly the best comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? Anyway, it does not matter, because in the end, for a great final, the good win! Hurrah! Hurray for predictability! Release a nerdy child who learns to be himself, a lonely mother who needs an appointment, and music montages that present songs that would even be released by Radio Disney and get "Funky Monkey." The climax of the movie? A soccer game! Played by thugs, bumblebees, a chimp and the nerd child. No one seems to care about such substitutions in a high school soccer game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never gives up! It's the edge of your entertainment seat. Some might even call this the "American beauty" of features full of monkeys. After finishing this epic, I remembered hearing a story about a railway worker who lost a lot of his brain functions when a metal bar pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal bar between the movies.
