I saw him a few days ago, so the details are getting fuzzy. The film was shot on handheld cameras, and much of this was done at the time it was originally launched, since we had not done many studio shots in this way. I can not help feeling that this was more of a trick than anything, designed to make the audience think that what we are seeing on the screen has not had all the commitments that come with a big budget, and that's why it was more "real". "However, what we have here is not much more than a not-so-good copy of the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen that, or any of the other scams there, will know what to expect. < br /> <br /> The main problem I had was with the stereotyped characters, with the soft and disheveled children out of their depths, the singing of close harmony, Ebonics loosing black people, tired sergeants of the world, bitter psychopaths and twisted, etc. .. everything is put in the kind of situations that would provide the most friction and tension at a given moment, maybe this was intentional to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or such Once it was just a committee trying to attract the largest audience, all I know is that it was annoying.A novel thing was the mixture of volunteers and recruits (where normally all the characters would have been forced to face the situation), unque only the scenes between the two main characters really make a lot of play. This seems to be the main axis of the plot, since the volunteers recover the sense and the recruits obtain a sense of duty and self-esteem, but everything is done in a quite forced and not very subtle way. The other big mistake I had was how all the characters (with the exception of the psychopaths and the real soft ones) would react to every inevitable conflict with the first aggression and threats of violence, in the face of Farrell's ubiquitous stoicism. reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I suppose that if I had to find an advantage, it would be the performance of the two protagonists, which was strong and very convincing, although taking into account the formulated nature of the characters, this was not too difficult. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew up to be Zeke outside of Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes of that would be more fun to watch.
