* Warning: there are no spoilers of the plot ahead, but the spoilers of the film, however ... * My most significant partner rented it to me thinking that it would be an incredible romance with a stellar cast. Wow - very, very bad. This movie is an exaggerated, exaggerated and too sentimental excuse to launch a student movie 15 years after it was filmed! The copyright date on the box said 2005, however, during the first flashback sequence, I was looking at the clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to be in the early 1960s, and I noticed that the girls were wearing dresses and hairstyles at late 80's and early 90's. It seemed as if it had been filmed about 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to convince myself that it was a flashback same, and therefore was supposed to look old, but looked WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY looks like the guy who appears in flashback sequences (however, is a different character, much more old, whose youth appears in flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw in the special features that included the short film: it was all the flashback sequences, filmed in 1990 as a complete student movie with the same title as this movie! It also includes comments that include the small child, every adult (and in fact acting as a co-worker in the 2005 scenes). Therefore, this film is just a shell of the story woven around an old cropped movie of students assembled as an obvious excuse to get to the theatrical runtime. The story of Shell, filmed in 2005, is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and finds in the dance class healing and redemption he promises a dying man he will attend instead (something about a promise made by the dying in the early 60's to his girl who would meet the "fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium, an excuse to film the segments of the old movie in 2005?" These new scenes and The plot could have been OK, except for the horrible and excessively sentimental score that is repeated over and over again in almost all the new scenes and the cliché action that pervades the new movie.Don't worry, there's a reason why you've never Heard about this movie, although he has a well-known cast is terrible.
