When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel turned into a movie, I was intrigued. Being a fan of the book, I assumed that I would be playing Tony, Roz or Charis, but even more, I was intrigued to see how they would make this novel very psychological, almost psychological (but not psychological) in a movie that would be accessible to those who They had not read the novel, and it would be at least slightly satisfying for those who had read it. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used the 3 different narratives that led to the development of the story in a film. What they really did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest and most confusing mistake is: Why Oxygen, a network advertised as for women, takes an amazing book about how complex, wonderful and terrible women are? Are they and can they be, and change the protagonist of 3 women to some silly former policeman with no real reason to participate in the story? It seems that the one who adapted it took an easy exit using this guy to ask Roz, Tony and Charis directly about how they knew Zenia and, in doing so, they rushed through most of the book. In doing this, although they confused the story and cut everything that is great about the characters it contains, apart from doing it so that the audience did not have anyone to associate with. In the movie, these women are not people, they are characters. <br /> <br /> In the book Zenia fakes his death, but the book mentions it to convey this point, while the film wastes 30-45. minutes focused on this former policeman running and doing nothing of use. They tried to make this complex book an episode of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was SO wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe a Scarlett Johnasson. She is a woman that men can not not worship, and a woman that women are intrigued and threatened by, but in a way to "keep your enemies closer." And once it approaches, it seems totally genuine and trustworthy, despite your good judgment. She is the kind of woman who, even when she loses, wins: she is still beautiful, she is still rich, and there are always people who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the movie, Zenia did not take the man from Charis (the blonde American who used Charis in the first place ...) but instead took August and tried to become her legal guardian (and apparently he was again his lesbian lover as a persistent kiss in the cafeteria implies). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving with August, but it did not make sense, since all the accumulation was eliminated until the end. It was as if the person writing the script was grabbing Straws to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I think if I had not read the book, I would have spent the whole movie confused, if I had bothered to follow him around. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband died before Zenia came on the scene (which was strange since Zenia took Roz's business and family life in the book, which is why Roz hated her so much ) and she and Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's husband years and years ago. And according to the movie, Tony and West had been dating forever ... even at the party where Zenia and West (in the book) painted black all over the place and made Tony look like this with all his perversity (and evil). Person who was always respected by everyone for his intelligence and popular for her. Tony's character was so wrong in this movie ... she seemed a bit psychopathic and like the brain behind any conspiracy that was decaying, in opposition to the kind of disheveled and slightly lonely teacher she was in the book. The film basically implies that intelligent women are evil, beautiful women are bad, powerful women are evil and women who teach yoga are out of their rocking chairs. <br /> <br /> Basically, they tried to do it so that Zenia was not necessarily so important. horrible as it was in the book, and then, in the end, the three women convince this former cop (who, of course, in the process of investigating this, meets Zenia and has an affair with her that is supposed to end with them moving to Barbados or something ridiculous, which, of course, Zenia slips away) to hide Zenia's body (which they found in the hotel where she was staying, but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her through the balcony, or conspired together to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to take all of Roz's money in the process. By the end of the movie, I was only half paying attention to commercials because I had flown spiraling so far into the space of what I could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you're not confused by this breakdown of the movie, then maybe you like it, because I've read the book and seen the movie, and just for the movie I'm ridiculously confused. It was terrible. I think making a movie of that book is a difficult task, but if you are going to take on the task, you must begin by determining what is unnecessary in the book, instead of creating a useless character to be our Alice in Wonderland. . <br /> <br /> Are there really no fluffy books of which Oxygen may be doing at least half of the decent television movies?
