Since most of the reviews of this film are from the projection of the previous decade, I would like to add a more recent, open film with archive footage of the bombing of B-17 in Germany, cutting the film for the character Hauptmann (captain) of Oskar Werner and his character. an assistant who escapes while they are heading towards Hitler's Führer Bunker, once inside, they are interrogated by the staff of the bunker, then the film is cut in one of the many scenes of the conference in which Albin Skoda gives a decent impression of Adolf Hitler reuniting his officer for "Ultimate Victory" while the character of Werner is shown little by little is realizing that the inhabitants of Bunker are trapped in a fantasy world; some non-bunker events are represented, the most notable being the flooding of the metro system to prevent a Russian advance through them and a minor secondary plot involving a young member of the Flak unit and the difficulty of his family to survive, this film suffers from a series of detailed inaccuracies that a German film made only 10 years after World War II. They have not been included; the actor who plays Goebbels (Willy Krause) wears the same uniform as Hitler, including the eagle arm. Goebbels wore a brown uniform from the Nazi Party with a swastika bracelet: the "SS" soldier's outfit, the German army's camouflage, Hitler's well-documented scene that grants the iron cross. The children of Hitler's Youth are shown as if they had taken place INSIDE the bunker (it was done outside in the courtyard) and, finally, Hitler's suicide weapon is clearly shown as a Belgian brown model. Most accounts agree that it was a Walther PPK. The bit of acting also seems totally inaccurate with the drunken dance scene near the end of the film being remarkable, this bit is shown as a cabaret sketch, with a maniacal drunken wounded soldier (his arm on a splint) step by step to the music while the nurse does a combination of striptease / belly dancing, all by candlelight ... this is really embarrassing to watch, the most incredible thing is when Werner's Captain Wust is an audience only with Hitler of Skoda, Hitler appears as collapsed in a bank of the wall, drugged and delirious, when the character of Werner begins to question him, Hitler begins to scream, which brings to an SS guard that mortally wounds the character of Werner in the back with a shot. This fabricated scene is not based on any true historical history. -The character of Werner is then dragged to die in an anteroom while Hitler prepares his own ending, the farewell of Hitler to his staff is shown, but the suicide is off the screen, the second end of Hitler's film, the smoke from Hitler's funeral pyre, he is becoming a ghost. image of the face of the late Oskar Werner / Hauptmann Wust: this film is more allegorical than historical and anyone interested in this period would make a better look at a more recent film, like the 1973 remake "Hitler: the last 10 days" or The German film "Downfall" (Der Untergang), if you want a truer story of this dramatic story, these last two films are based on the story of an eyewitness in the first person, with "Hitler: the last 10 days". Compiled from the autobiography of Gerhard Boldt as a staff officer in the Führer Bunker and "Downfall" is being made from the memories of Hitler's secretary, the screen game for "Der Letzte Akte" is taken from the book of the judge of the war crime trial in Nuremberg in the United States, Michael Musmanno. die ", which is more a compilation of the history of the event (many obviously extravagant) than eyewitnesses, it is surprising that the story of Hugh Trevor Roper" The Last Day of Hitler "has never been turned into a movie.
