And I repeat, please do not watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst comedy ever made. At least with most of today's recent comedies, the gags are rough and flat, but the writers and directors put at least some kind of effort to make them funny. I never tire of repeating one of my favorite slogans: everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent of them are right. The comedy is hard! This is not a genre that any fool can play with. I think it's atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of trash with "Kentucky Fried Movie." Basically, these bozos are comparing their so-called comedic talents with those of brilliant Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie." Here is a sample of the comedy for those who are curious to see this movie: A sketch involves a superhero dressed as a penis called D ** kman. The joke is that he defeats his enemies by throwing them with semen. That's. That is the whole joke. Wow. This is enough for Carrot Top to roll his eyes. Another sketch involves a man who has sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a bag lady beauty contest, in which we are exposed to the horrible views of middle-aged women dressed in bikinis, with beer guts and stretch marks. Also, mocking the homeless is sadder than funny. It is a step away from mocking the mentally disabled. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire is the TRUTH. For anyone who really enjoyed this shit, explain to me what is true about ANY of these gags! Some of the sketches may have sounded funny on paper, but anyone who has taken screen writing classes knows that if a vise gag sounds too funny on paper, it probably will not be funny on the screen. If I tell someone about a big, black and muscular gay virgin, who is reserving himself for the right man, he will probably laugh. However, observing the premise on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. I hate that whenever people criticize a low profile comedy like this for not being funny, they are considered a pasted picture. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. That's another low comedy, politically incorrect, but I laughed. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that it's not fun! What writers and directors do not understand is that the mere fact of being dirty and insipid does not work. There must be more! Just think about the famous scene of "There Something About Mary" (ironically, the bozo filmmakers put the Farrelly on their special thank-you list). The joke about semen was not only fun because it involved body fluids. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did not have a date with a "loaded gun". Then he looked around to see where all the semen was going to come from. They knock on the door and he has to answer. Your date, Mary, is at the door and that's when it is revealed that the semen hangs from Ben's ear. In this film, there are several gags that involve the characters that expel large amounts of semen to people, without any accumulation. As Jay Leno always says: "This comedy is not that easy, is it?" Keep that in mind, Vince Offer, because you were not made for this genre! The only reason why people can laugh at these gags is because they want to feel fashionable. Let's face it, nowadays it's a laugh to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny for anyone, except perhaps for the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the film had to have been made before the fame of Michael Clarke Duncan in films like "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber will volunteer to be part of this amateur show. All the others in the cast are non-actors, have been actors or movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces", but I do not think she has done anything of value since then. Slash was probably drugged in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star in the movie (considering that Duncan was not famous at the time), and there are still many people who have not heard of her, for good reason. In general, I am a supporter of very low budget films, but this one deserves to be turned towards darkness. I hope to God that this does not become a cult classic! Should not there be a law against the distribution of garbage like this?
