Once again I have seen a movie made by people who do not know anything. I just recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I've seen Dillinger and I've had him. <br /> <br /> This movie is garbage. I do not know how anyone in their right mind could compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from being a classic. Somebody called it bright. That is crazy to say. This movie can not clarify any data and has the worst casting I've seen in my life. I do not know whose foolish idea was to choose Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all, it looks nothing like him. Second, when John Dillinger was murdered, he was 31 years old. When Oates did this, she was 45 years old! You could even say that he is older than the real Dillinger just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but also Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson his death, then Homer Van Meter and, finally, John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before two. The last to die among the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only writers do not know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping Little Bohemia with a tunic. Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with guns. Homer Van Meter was cornered by police in St. Paul and shot with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Pierpont, is seen as a police shot in this movie. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair. I go into what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my review of Baby Face Nelson, so I'm not going to talk about this here again. Let me also add that the Richard Dreyfuss performance of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene in which he attacks Dillinger and then receives a beating. While Dillinger hit him, he cried like a baby and shouted: "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's methods of bank robbery, but they never fought. Nelson never cried like a child while being beaten. They keep calling him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. It was never in his life known by that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. Juan Milio does not know anything. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I could probably make a better movie than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed that John Dillinger dies is outrageous and inexcusable. The film shows Dillinger leaving Biograph with the Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not even there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouts: 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulls out his gun and goes to hell. It is a proven fact that Dillinger did not have a weapon that night. The FBI did not give him a chance to surrender and, as soon as it was in sight, they kicked him out. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that gunpowder burns were found on the face. It was a murder. They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger. After killing a lot of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine the FBI reporting that they had just killed another unarmed innocent? The weapon that they had in exhibition, that supposedly was in Dillinger, also was proved that it was not manufactured until after the death of Dillinger. I could go on and see how the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you want more information, you can see it here <br /> <br /> See Dillinger's version with Lawrence Tierney if you wish, but do not waste time with this inaccurate piece of garbage.
