Proof of why the Hollywood conventions are in place. The obsolete dialogues, the underdeveloped and flat characters and a disconnected plot are only part of the problems with this aspiring classic gangster. An attempt to be bold and different, but it seems to be an attempt to recreate the magic of Bonnie and Clyde (1967) by Arthur Penn and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969) by George Roy Hill. Really innovative. Filmmakers and movies, but falling far below the bar. Problems with stories that are self-explanatory result in the need for a voice-over to explain problem sections. The edition appears again as an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but occasionally it is disjointed and causes me more technical problems. Unnecessary shots are thrown to justify filming them, but they would have served the viewer better by sitting on the floor of the cutting room. From time to time, still images, black-and-white montages and period music are released in attempts to be different or to cover scenes that can not make a good transition or to replace scenes that simply did not work at all and again remind of Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Excessively dramatic breaks between sentences, random shots of surrounding landscapes that were not necessary for storytelling plus the exaggerated performance of bit players and supporting actors It was reminiscent of the directors of camcorders in the backyard of the 1980s. I kept wondering who was in charge of this film during production and during postproduction. The reproduction of music in most of the two shots and close-ups, and then suddenly stopped in wide shots, emphasized a weak musical score. The sound editing was not drastically evident, since most of the film was shots, doors, steps and dialogues (a style used by the new directors from the late 60s to the mid 70s), but lacks the noise of background that makes it look artificial, especially the tire. Squeaks on dirt roads. In my sincere opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no "nice" characters for the audience to lead, nor were we guided to see them as the protagonists of the story. Neither the mobsters nor the men of the law were characters that I wanted to see win and neither of them was focused as the 'hero', a necessity for any story to work for me. We know from the Penn and Hill films that the "heroes" are. Even though they are criminals, we like them and want to see them escape. I could not care less who was on the screen in this movie. I got the impression that John Milius was trying to issue a non-historically accurate recreational documentary of the events that surrounded the life of John Dillenger from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be fair, are some moments of good solid storytelling, which are moments that shine brightly from the dark and gloomy boat in which this film is based. John Milius fortunately improves in future films in which it seems that he does not try to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste, as many famous stars and faces who were at the height of the escape are involved in this debut as "big budget" director, but expect it in a classic movie channel instead of spend money to rent. or buy. <br /> <br />
