Anyone who has visited the drive-ins in the 50s, 60s and 70s must have seen one or two movies by American International Pictures, a distributor that resembled the giant Cannon Films of the 1980s. Wherever film fans ventured , AIP would be there to provide the latest fashion titles: in the 50s appeared horror films like 'Voodoo Woman' and 'The Undead;' in the sixties they were the comedies of the beach of Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello and movies of motorcyclists like 'The Glory Stompers'; and in the 70s, AIP produced grinding level garbage such as 'Cannibal Girls' and 'Sugar Hill'. <br /> <br /> 'Dillinger', released in 1973, is one of AIP's most 'highbrow' efforts that capture the true spirit of movie driving; it is one of those unequal and exaggerated films that satisfied the thirst of the masses for entertainment, craftsmanship and common sense. In general, 'Dillinger' is typical of its time: entertaining and worth a couple of hours, but certainly not memorable. Dedicated by action and short by acting and historical fact, 'Dillinger' was a fair effort by screenwriter and director John Milius ('Magnum Force'), but he certainly left room for improvement in his long career. <br /> <br /> The 109-minute 'Dillinger', epic for the scope of AIP, follows the search for Midwest FBI boss Melvin Purvis, played by Academy Award winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was the investigator who sought revenge against four FBI agents who died in an ambush in Kansas City in 1933 that helped gangster Frank Nash escape justice. In general, there were the men who supposedly planned that breakdown, among them the banker John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and the psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger finally joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, taking with him Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also hooked up with Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute of French and Indian descent. While it was developing for several months in 1933-4, 'Dillinger' is basically a chase movie, with Purvis' entourage seeking to finish and kill the men wanted by J. Edgar Hoover. <br /> <br /> 'Dillinger' has a documentary feel, lists dates and places, while Johnson provides loose narratives like Purvis. Milius maintains an honest aspect of Depression, using fashion, cars, weapons and authentic buildings; He also scatters black and white photographs and footage of gangster shootings. The film is never boring, it moves at a rapid pace, if it is not casual. The action scenes are the strong point of Dillinger, edited by Fred Feitshans Jr. in his last professional effort. Thousands of blank ammunition cartridges should be used to make this film, not to mention the pounds of explosives. This movie is certainly not for the apprehensive, with people being shot and falling dead everywhere. Violence, though gratuitous, brings some understanding of the chaos that organized crime has brought to American life. <br /> <br /> This film never transcends its exploitation status, however, the necessary writing simply does not exist. John Milius, somewhat overrated as a filmmaker, puts too much emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly bloody shootings) are impressive and comparable to any major crime movie of his time, including 'Bonnie and Clyde' of 1967. But we just do not know much about Dillinger and his gang members as people; The vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is hardly touched, with the couple gathered in a bar during a scene and having fun as lovers only ten minutes later. Melvin Purvis also seems to wander in and out of the story, becoming a prominent figure only when Milius needs to prevent the film from unraveling. Too often, the film acquires a shooting personality when its characters could have been explored in detail. <br /> <br /> Apart from this, the main crime of the image is the ignorance of historical facts. While many say that 'Dillinger' is just a movie, it's movies like this that create fables and make them permanent. Those with knowledge of gangster history will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his ring to die, since Milius' script and the documentary style of the film encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; he also told himself that he did not carry a gun on the night of his death, nor did he have Billie Frechette on his back. While these inaccuracies can cause a great drama, there is no reason why Milius could not have stayed with the facts and have written a great story around him. <br /> <br /> Warren Oates' performance as Dillinger is quite good, although sometimes it seems unconvincing. Oates is comical and portrays very well how Dillinger was consumed by his larger image than life in the American press; however, we never really feel the threat he invoked in his life. Ben Johnson gives Purvis some life, soft but quite flat. Michelle Phillips brings emotion to the character of Billie Frechette and it is really very bad that the script of Milius has not realized his relationship with Dillinger. We never learned what attracted her to a cold-blooded killer, apart from the stereotype of a carefree girl who is attracted to men of danger. The supporting roles with Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis and Cloris Leachman, of brief appearance, are acceptable for such talent. <br /> <br /> As part of the exploitation of the '70s,' Dillinger 'seems doomed to selling bargain containers, which is exactly where I picked up the MGM DVD release for $ 4.99. The film is very well presented in widescreen (a must for drive-in movies) with subtitles in French and Spanish. The theatrical trailer of Dillinger is supplied as a single extra. Largely forgotten, except for fans of gangster films and drive-in enthusiasts, the film does not require much more complementary material. For fans of the genre, it's definitely worth checking out. <br /> <br /> ** of 4 <br /> <br /> Traveling reviewer: www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
