The follow-up of David Mackenzie about the brilliant young Adam wants to be a story of those who feel helpless and who feels helpless of a lone voyeur who tries to face some psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. It wants to be gritty, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be funny and unprejudiced about his disturbed advantage when he establishes himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To fulfill this end, the film strives to be young. His poster has hand-drawn letters that look like Juno's. His original soundtrack is composed of fast-paced indie rock that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is fine; Just a little badly oriented. But, strangely, the movie has nothing juvenile. <br /> <br /> Like Young Adam, the central mystery of this film concerns a drowned woman, in this case Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his mystery quiet, contemplative, and well enough to hit you with the truths as they arise. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It puts the psychosis of his character in the foreground so clearly and so early that he never really does anything outside his expected parameters. The initial scene is Hallam in his tree house watching his sister playing with her boyfriend. Hallam interrupts quickly, affirming his presence in the house. Here we see everything Hallam will do for the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery surrounding her mother's drowning is whether it was the suicide or murder of her father's girlfriend. The audience can never really trust Hallam because, in addition to being spooky, we believe that his obsession has brought him close to madness. This hampered me the mysterious element because Hallam is too sporadic to be related. Just when he finds some clues that could support his claim that he runs away from home, at first he seems to be looking for the police. Then, he feels very distracted by a girl who looks like his mother, which frustrates the story of the mysterious element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell highlights some very attractive traits in his lost character, he was limited. For the obviousness of their psychological needs. This movie is not in any mysterious way, but neither is it blunt. Try to be realistic when dealing with such problems, but add a very shy spunk that registers itself as the opposite. It is an attitude of "sound bands" to attract the audience to a protagonist who scales buildings, selects locks and camps for voyeurism. These urban adventures of Tom in which Hallam is involved are too difficult for a country boy attracted to the inside to get involved and they are not sexy, dazed or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything else; It does not propel the character or the story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam, but fails to build common ground. <br /> <br /> Expect you to enjoy the trials and tribulations of Hallam without much ideological justification. The film depends on the perspective of your audience about voyeurism / the type of person who gets involved in it. Obviously, most people would be upset about it. And Hallam Foe realizes that, but it does not allow us to see Hallam weigh the morality of his decisions. He goes from person to person, trying to fill his deep emptiness. There is a particularly disturbing line of Hallam's love interest, where Kate says "I love creepy kids," and may ask the audience to do the same. The line tries to prefigure his understanding of him (his motivation remains vague) and tries to prevent us from judging him. It is not hard for you to like Hallam, but it is very difficult to participate in your adventure, if it is even an adventure. Meanwhile, the film tries to use its extravagant soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood. <br /> <br /> The big performances are affected by a film with a weak third act, a muddy development and an unnecessarily ambiguous direction from Mackenzie. Recently, this film was renamed for a US release, and for what reason? Not only is it more unpleasant, but the hard truth is that Hallam's character never wins the title of "sir".
