First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" in the video box, you know what you're getting into with this one. B movie mania! If you're really looking forward to watching a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe," then forget it and head straight for Roger Corman's excellent Roger Poe movie series. This is a pure and unadulterated farce (with only one attempt of pedestrians in a plot similar to "The Premature Burial"), complete with a lot of sex and nudes with R-rated, ready for video. However, it's certainly entertaining and fun in a careless way ... <br /> <br /> Brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays Victoria Monroe, a rich and insomniac mistress of insomniac house, whose fear of being buried prematurely derives from her belief that the same fate happened to her father (Hoke Howell). Her useless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has accumulated a serious gambling debt (due to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with the help of his pervert, blonde, the secretary of the accent with European accent, Lisa (Delia Sheppard) plans to get rid of Brinke for his money. Karen Black, actress of value and name, briefly wore a blonde wig as a hypnotist (she has too much talent to play such a small role as this one), the science fiction and horror star of the 50s, Robert Clarke, plays a doctor and friend of the family, and Michael Berryman shows up for a decent nightmare sequence performing an autopsy on a Vicki who is still alive. Jan-Michael Vincent sits mostly outside the house in his car with bulging eyes when Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The plan to kill a spouse for inheritance has been made a million times before, the end is a riot of unintentional laughter (ending with a direct scam Zuni Fetish Doll segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and whoever created the horrible stabbed face and the head decapitated FX for this version must fine-tune his Skills a bit. Brinke does a decent job making his character a little sympathetic, but the biggest surprise of all is how good the former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in his role. She stole all the scenes she was in and easily gave the excellent performance here.
