I always dismissed this series as a complete stench party because Jim Belushi was involved in it, and to a large extent. But then one day a tragic accident happened. After I finished a White Sox game, I realized that the remote control was on the other side of the room in some way. Now I could have gotten up and walked across the room to get the remote control, or even the TV to activate the channel. But then, why not just get up and walk around the country to watch television in another state? "Nuts to that," I said. So I decided to simply crouch on the couch and take what Fate had saved for me. What fate had in the store was an episode of this program, an episode of which I remember very little, except that once again I made a general and very broad general judgment based on zero objective or experiential tests with nothing at all to support my opinions. With, and once again I was absolutely right! This show is a total crud-pie! Belushi has all the comical delivery of a fog lighthouse. Women are physically attractive but also Stepford-is to get any real feeling from the viewer. There is absolutely no reason to avoid running to the local television station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending each copy of this mutt howl to hell. <br /> <br /> Except ... <br /> <br /> Except for the wonderful comics of Larry Joe Campbell, the best comic book actor in the United States. This guy plays Andy, Belushi's brother-in-law, and he's golden. How good is he really? Well, aside from being fun, your job is to make Belushi look good. That's like trying to make warts look good. But Campbell does it with style. Someone should invent a Nobel Prize in Comic Buffoonery so he can win every year. Without Larry Joe, this show would consist of a slightly empty-looking Courtney Thorne-Smith who hits Belushi in the head with a frying pan while alternately hitting his chest and playing with the straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for Larry Joe Campbell designated Comic Bacon because it enhances the taste of everything he has!
