What about Dahmer's childhood? - The double hernia operation that is believed to have caused his obsession with the internal functioning of the human body? What about "infinite land"? - The game that he invented when he was a boy and that involved stick men being annihilated when they got too close, suggesting that intimacy was the maximum danger. What about the relationship between her parents and her mother's emotional problems that were much more relevant than her own relationship with her father? His feelings of abandonment when his brother was born? What about his fascination with insects and animals? How would you dissect the roadkill and hang it in the woods behind your house? What if he focuses more on his cannibalism? And the divorce of their parents? These are all the things that should have been included in the movie. Instead, the filmmaker chose to give us a diluted "snapshot" of one or two nights of his life, and combine it with confusing and, sometimes, unnecessary series of flashbacks, with events that were not particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. . <br /> <br /> Why did not the filmmaker show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects instead of people? He could have pointed this out many times, particularly in scenes where he drugs his victims while having sex with them (which actually took place in a health club, not a nightclub). Instead of that, it only shows him that he raids them from behind. <br /> <br /> Although I appreciate that there is so much information that you can get in 90 minutes (or for a long time), but why spend such a large part of the movie examining your relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My only guess is that the director was trying to build the character of Pinet, to try to make us fear or empathize with him, but this movie is supposed to be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why could not he have spent those forty-five minutes? in something else? If the scene and its relationship were important enough to justify that time, fair enough, but it was not. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first murder and the effect he had on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it was his first murder or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume, because his hair style is different, and he is wearing glasses, this is a flashback, but when? And because? <br /> <br /> What about the sanctuary you did in your living room towards the end of your career? -one of the most important clues we have to understand Dahmer and his motivations ... <br /> <br /> Some people may find my need for accuracy in the facts and details a bit anal, but after having studied thoroughly to Jeffrey Dahmer, it is clear that this movie has very little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed. Why bother taking the time to make a film based loosely on Jeffrey Dahmer instead of tackling the real problems behind his descent into madness and the carnage that followed? <br /> <br /> Finally, a movie with a theme as repellent as this one. he should carry a certificate 18, not a certificate 15. We needed to see his perversion in more depth, to understand how distant he was from the rest of us. That does not mean showing that the drill actually enters the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone, for example, but at least an indication of the number of people he killed, and what was his Modus Operandi when he actually killed. Anyone who is watching this movie and who does not know Dahmer's story could come thinking that he had only killed a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Apart from the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not all bad. There is a good picture and good performances of the two main characters. I would like to see a filmmaker do it again, in the first place, with more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film.
