Skullduggery is a strange and strange movie based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors. Unleashing criticism in the film feels really unpleasant, since it is a film that deals with serious issues such as humanity, and demands moral standards and tolerance. But despite his honorable intentions and well-intentioned tone, Skullduggery is simply not a good movie. For me, the main problem is the terribly disconnected narrative that can not decide how to best convey its message. The first half of the film is like watching a standard expedition film from the Tarzan jungle; later he staggers in the science fiction fable; at the end it slips into the melodramatic of the court. The differences in tone between each section of the film are too large, too discordant, to be overlooked. They stick out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you're watching a messy and confusing movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition to the jungles of New Guinea is led by the adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the leading archaeologists involved in the tour is the attractive Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a hard walk, they run into a tribe of strange creatures similar to the apes. These primitive people, lost long ago, are covered in hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by the developments of modern man. Is there any evidence that they can be the ancestors of primitive man? The "missing link" in the evolution of apes to humans. Or maybe a race of humans who simply look and behave differently than usual? Or even a race of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the tribe "the Tropi" and are initially excited by the implications of its discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the nasty opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and its idyll on behalf of the developers. He questions if the Tropi are truly "human" and takes his argument to court, where he hopes to be granted legal backing so that his ambitious ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> This was a very early movie in Reynolds' career, and actually unbalances this movie by acting as if it were in a comedy, while the rest of the cast takes it all very seriously. Is not it that Reynolds can be blamed? He has an impossible role, he is asked to play a charming adventurer that really belongs to a Tarzan movie. Your character and the movie are not relevant to each other. Clark is doing much better than the skeptical archaeologist, and there are good supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. A major flaw in Skullduggery is the ineffective and ineffective make-up that is used to give the Tropi its strange hairy appearance. Instead of making the actors look like credible hominoids, the sticky hair simply makes them look involuntarily comical. and that is not the right idea. We are destined to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but that is very difficult when they look so unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been moving, philosophical and stimulating. Honorable intentions are there for all to see, but the end result does not do them justice. A worthy failure could be, however, a failure.
