While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found that the movie was much less than I expected when reading the summer plot. Maybe I'm too young in the technological age: the film was made, as it is now in 2002, five years ago official, after seeing fantasy epics like The Lord of the Rings and science fiction exploits like Star Wars. as a whole, it could not be compared to other films of similar lines, such as Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My problem, basically, is that I could not relate. I'm almost the same age. of children (a young adult), and I have no problem putting myself in the place of a middle-aged man if that is the available character. But the image did not lead me to a different mental plane of existence. I did not find myself saying 'ACK! I would have done the SAME! ' It did not open the doors to my imagination. Even without comparing it to high-budget movies or other television movies, on its own, certain aspects of the feature seemed cliché to me: the development of the character in children took place too quickly for my liking, seeing too much of the stereotype of teenage selfishness . The image of bitterness after divorce transforms into the feeling that we are a very happy family, that we will never separate ourselves again, that in the long run we can make or break an image. Even the same characters could have suffered an improvement: a typical set of one or the other stereotype. There was a selfish beauty always present that seemed to be rebellious, accompanied by the image of Mr. Perfect to combine athleticism, good looks and intelligence but a melancholic attitude and, finally, the intelligent little brother we find so common these days. Although I know that the personalities promoted the story, I think adding more individuality in terms of nuances and more unique differences would have made it a more pleasant and credible movie (in terms of character). <br /> <br /> I have to raise my glass to the disguise and configure the design, which made it worthwhile to finish until the end for me. Do not get me wrong: it's worth watching all the movies, and one's opinion could never explain the opinion of many, but I think with a little more depth in the script and a little more (I can not believe it). I'm saying this) reality, I dare say that Escape from Atlantis could have been magical.
