When I saw this movie, I heard all the hype and heard that people said that Denzel deserved the Oscar along with his Golden Globe and I thought that he should have done an excellent job considering that Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize that people say this so as not to anger the African-American community (if they themselves are not African-American). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never nominated and how they should have won. Sometimes this is true (not so much today) because Whoppi Goldberg should have won the best actress for The Color Purple and the film should have won the best movie. The only reason why this film was so exploited as it was, is because people see a film about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of an African-American during a very racist time period and they automatically label it as a masterpiece . Br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor, but his role in this film did not affect me at all. He was bored with him in the movie, and his performance here was very similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The audience is supposed to believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the cinema worshiping this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this hero a rich man. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison, mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (mainly stealing) was just to survive, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, even though drug dealers and thieves probably represented as much for the same reasons, but are despised in society. Everything in this film tries to represent this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife), but why would not he? point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) that are based on "true" stories because they generally distort the "true" parts in something else, something that is not so true. This was his point of view and a Hollywood construction, however, everyone believed that it was the truth, no doubt. Well, I researched his past a little before making assumptions, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, there is still the possibility that he has murdered those people. If you do not believe me, look it up on the Internet and read the articles that some people have of him. The boxing match that he claimed to have won so easily, was actually won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are tapes to prove it. On top of that, there is a lot of data twisted and deliberately omitted in this movie. The cast of cast was the kindest people I've seen on the face of the Earth and their "nice and perfect" person seemed difficult to maintain. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate truth Story that still remains to be told the truth. Denzel's performance is obsolete, and the Mickey Mouse attitudes of the cast are annoying. The movie also starts at a very slow pace and is boring.
