The main problem with the documentary "Czech Dream" is that it is not really saying what you think it is saying. <br /> <br /> In an audacious, hesitant to use the word "inspired", act of street theater, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, achieved a great corporate deception to serve as the basis for his film: they deliberately manufactured a fake "hypermarket" (the East European equivalent of Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), created a complete advertising campaign around them, replete with advertisements, radio and television ads, an official logo, a catchy song and photos of fake products, and then waited to see how many "drugs" would appear in its creation. on opening day They even built an improvised façade to convince people that the store itself really existed. <br /> <br /> One might ask: "Why such a thing?" Well, that's a very good question, but the answer that the filmmakers provide is not so satisfying. Basically, we are told that the purpose of the trick was to show how easily you can manipulate people to believe in something, even something that is not true, simply through the power of advertising. And movie makers compete for moral coverage by stating that the "real" (ie, superior) purpose of the farce is to convince the Czech people not to be fooled by all the ads that encourage them to join the Union European Fair enough, especially when considering that the actual advertisers who accept the trick declare against the unethical nature of lying to customers, while at the same time justifying their collaboration in cheating by claiming that it is a form of "research" in What works and what does not work in advertising. In a way, by letting themselves get caught up in the camera making these comments, these advertising men and women are so deceived by the filmmakers as by the poor unsuspecting people who are the main objective of the stratagem. <br /> <br /> But, in many ways, the satirical arrow not only does not reach its intended goal, but, ironically, returns to zero in the same filmmakers who launched it. Because they are THEY THEMSELVES, and NOT the good-hearted, naturally trustworthy people who, in the end, become unethical and classless people here, as they proceed to deceive perfectly decent people, some of them old and disabled and forced to travel for a long time. Distances on foot to reach the place. And what is supposed to prove all this anyway? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket in search of bargains? Or that they are stupid and gullible because they do not suspect that there might not be a real market even though one has been announced? Such surveillance would require a level of cynicism that would make it practically impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid that this smart and nasty little "trick" just proves the complete and absolute shakes, the filmmakers are to make some really nice people feel like idiots. And, in fact, many of them, when they finally discover the trick that has been played, react with kindness and good humor. I'm not sure if I could meet if he found me in his position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying the movie is not exciting, something like witnessing a massive traffic accident in action, but when the dust has finally settled and all the disappointed customers come back with a red face and empty hands a In their homes, we can safely state that they are not the ones who should feel ashamed.
