I heard and read many things praising "Midnight Meat Train", which is based on a story written by none other than Clive Barker and supposedly the best adaptation of his work since the original "Hellraiser" he directed, but until now I can only express feelings very diverse about my visual experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the whole movie in words is: nauseating! The violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts young fans who are enthusiastic about horror, but it is also indescribably free and exploitative. Normally speaking, I am very pro-violence, but it has to serve at least for some kind of purpose. Butchery? Literally represented in "Midnight Meat Train" is intended exclusively to surprise and reject viewers with weak nervous systems and easily upset stomachs, and even that is not completely effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more defects, some even bigger than the nonsense gore, but maybe I should focus on the good elements first. The basic concept is definitely promising and the multiple sequences (like the chase in the freezing room, for example) are literally brimming with suspense and a macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the rhythm is very uneven and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot becomes unnecessarily complicated. Presumably, the processing of a short story in a long film scenario is responsible for the irregularities of the rhythm, but honestly I think they could have done more with the outcome, as well as with the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot features Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York whose agent advises looking for the truly threatening face of the city through sinister images. León is obsessed with stalking an introverted butcher and suspicious behavior that always waits for the midnight train. Leon is right, since the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the killer's motivations and behavior suggest that there is something far more substantial on the tracks at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing places, such as night stations and animal slaughterhouses, in addition to the fact that the film also benefits from good performances and a truck full of frankly disquieting images (like corpses on hooks). flesh and train cars stained with blood), but the director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take advantage of everything. The ending leaves many questions unanswered and, even if Clive Barker wanted to have something like that, I think we deserved a clearer end. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and definitely disturbing movie, but not without predetermined values. It is not intended for viewers who are easily offended, but perhaps people who seek coherence and clarity of the plot should also leave it alone.
