I've heard a lot about this movie, and the people who write me tell me that I should watch it, since I'm a fan of bloody and extremely bloody movies. I put it in my hands almost immediately, but one thing or another always prevented me from seeing it, until now. It would have been better not to remember that he had it. <br /> <br /> This movie was atrocious. The worst thing is that it could have been much better than it really was. I know it was a story about Clive Barker and everything, and no, I have not read that story, but it seems to me that if you have not done it, you will be, as it were, completely confused and completely disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The movie starts well enough, the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody, an excellent way to get your attention. I thought the blood looked a bit bad, but since it was the first scene, I hoped to improve later. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so horrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence to believe that, for example, someone could hit a person's head directly from their shoulders with just a meat hammer. WTF? CGI blood (did they even use ANY "real" blood? My homemade things look better than the ones used in this movie!), Incredible acts of dismemberment (the eyeballs pop out of the back of the head; the arms trim carefully - nobody remembers that there are BONES in our whole body?!), scenes too dark (each scene is a strange yellow color, or is hidden in the shadows) ... it just gets worse and worse. I found myself pointing out error after error. There is simply too much. Add that to the fact that what might have been and should have been a great serial killer movie turns into a demonic / supernatural / monstrous movie in the end ... no thanks! He should have been kept as a spooky guy who kills people in the subway. Well, with a conspiracy theory and a too enthusiastic photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell the meat through the meat plant? Plausible, feasible ... and much better, I think the "real" story. That could and should have worked. Instead, he became a "creature that lives at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows it, but you, and unless you read the book, well ... you just will not understand" fiasco. Tragic, what a horrible thing to do with a movie with so much potential. If you like fake blood without meaning and gore, you will love this. But if you have half a brain in your head, then you will hate it completely. Stay far, far, far away.
