I do not know why, but I thought I had seen this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was the look of the poster, I do not know. Anyway, it was quite promising at first. And even throughout the whole feature there were some brilliant moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of horrors, and I do not see them much, but this one really looked cool at times. But the rest is not so good. Laugh sometimes. The movie is slow, sometimes you will get so bored that you would forget what the story was about. The characters are not great either. All of them. The butcher is fine, he looks creepy and crazy enough. Although I did not understand what those strange-looking things were in his chest (the whole scene looked fake and out of place), and why were he picking them up in jars at home? The main advantage is simple. His character is really hard to believe, and is very underdeveloped. But I guess that's the fault of the writers. Why did he cry when he was taking pictures of his girlfriend? The side cast is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will women have value in horror movies? It's ridiculous. The girl discovers that a maniac took the camera of her boyfriends, tries to go to the police, that fails, and then thinks of the best idea. Why do not we go and take it? I know where the maniac lives! Yep! That is swelling! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk into the room, see a bag that was not there before, and take a look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not there. But a lot of interesting things. Sparkly. Mmm Realize that the bag means that the butcher returned is too difficult for his tiny brain. Then, of course, the endless trick of "falling while escaping," which really made it look bad. Then, to put the last nail in the character, at the end of the film, she enters the car FULL with the corpses hanging up, shouts "Noooo" as if she had just ripped off her Gucci bag and walks more towards the car. .. OMG. Come on. No one else thinks it's just, well, stupid? Simply unpleasant If your character was not so bad, maybe the movie would get another star or two from me. And I would even forgive the MMT characters who can get hit on the head with a steel hammer (that guy on the train that killed the driver), butcher vests that can protect from the bullets, monsters looking weird and cheap at final (I did not read Clive Barkers' novel, so I have no idea where those monsters came from), the fact that nobody cared that hundreds (judging by the skeletons in the dungeon) disappeared in the city , and the main character that did not bleed Death when they ripped his tongue out (he barely noticed it, I suppose). Oh, and the predictable ending. Damn, I knew the end was halfway, it's just disappointing. The only reason I'm still giving the creators some credit is that the movie in general looks better than most of the horrors I've seen in recent months. The visual style is nice, some shots were really nice and a good CGI that made the murders seem really brutal. (although the blood did not seem real at all) I suppose some people will enjoy it, others, like me, will see it if there is nothing else to see, others will absolutely hate it.
