As an advertisement for republicanism as good as you're likely to see, "Mayerling" is a daily story of real people in late nineteenth-century Austria. Set during one of Europe's seemingly incessant internal turmoil, it is related to Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr Omar Sharif), Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and several lovers, secret policemen, spies, extravagantly uniformed popinjays, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and the strange consanguineous network of European royalty at the time of the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Franz Joseph. Filmed on what the old posters in the film called "A Color Riot," it resembles nothing more than a production of "The Student Prince" costly but intellectually challenged. Mr. James Mason, dressed in a very skillful white little number, uses his multi-use Mitteleuropean accent whenever he remembers it. I am a great admirer of his and I sincerely hope that the remuneration is consistent with the disgust he felt for the character he played. Mr. Omar Sharif, who developed a career based largely on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and with a poignant look, gives a performance as stupidly monotonous as his son, the Crown Prince. He is absolutely unconvincing as a man who, in the film cuts a strip through the false side of the Austrian aristocracy. With his tufts firmly stuck in place, he prepares and presents increasingly improbable uniforms. As a rebel, he talks the talk, but he does not stop walking on the road, leaving a button that has been undone in one of his robes is the farthest his challenge goes. Unfortunately married, falls in love with a commoner. "Forbidden Love" is one of the features of the movie. As the strangest interpretation, Miss Catherine Deneuve is just pushing the envelope there. Miss Deneuve has a profile for which to die and we see it quite, particularly in the sequence established in the ballet. Now I love ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to last too long, a more cynical critic might consider it "filler." The mother of Rudolf, the empress, is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She gives the part a good old American bit, making it a bit like "Auntie Mame", but it's done with an undeniable style. Rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother. I will not put it more strongly than that. The only performance that is worth seeing is that of James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt. I'm sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully unconcerned with everything that happens around him that it is a joy to contemplate. I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolf The immortal question "What is the bleeding time?" I am not qualified to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but, in my opinion, everything else is laughable. It is a Ruritanian opera, without the melodies to send you home from the whistle of the theater.
