Is this the same Kim Ki Duk who led the moving testimony of "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who directed the exquisite, almost silent and heartbreaking longing for "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk who dazzled us with the amazing tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and made us tremble about the ugliness of careless adolescent prostitution before returning to his almost patented natural motive to allow us all (characters and spectators alike) experience redemption. in "Samaritan Girl"? It seems I can not find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, sure, the reason for Kim's nature is still present. The film takes place completely in a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing floats resting peacefully on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, it's fine. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the special features of the DVD. But I'm not sure what that means after seeing this putrefact presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about angry and malicious prostitutes, lusty, violent and angry-lipped fishermen, a greedy, explicit mute merchant Animal torture, self-mutilation sequences and a nauseatingly swaying rhythm between bestial carnality and senseless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that are presented in this film completely disconcerting and, ultimately, meaningless. If it is based on a fable or pretends to be a parable or is meant to be symbolic of something greater, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. The Japanese director Takashi Miike has compared it favorably with "Audition" (to Kim's satisfaction), but apart from some amazingly good performances, especially for what they had to work, by the main actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I think Poca reason to recommend this movie. I have not seen "Audition", but I doubt it alters my vision of "The Isle" in any way. Their violence is pornographic and without sadistic sense. Their sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. The characters behave in an irritating impulse because there is no plot. His point is non-existent or, I admit, lost among Korean cultural peculiarities that I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in the cinematography, which is the classic Kim: boats wrapped in fog slowly overlap through a serene lake, the mountainous terrain that dominates the bottom and an imaginative and playful use of color Sometimes it seems as if the spectators are locked in a large play room by Kim Ki Duk. Some touches, such as the mysterious and seductive mute merchant played by Jung and the pleasantly strange use of motorcycles, are intriguing. But as a film, this effort is frankly confusing and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily to sensitivities. One hopes that Kim will leave this type of filming in the trash of his past, because we know he is capable of much more.
