Despite having met people who are big fans of Noam Chomsky, or who think it is a tired relic of the 1960s, I really did not have an opinion of man, except that I knew he gained fame as a linguist, although I could not elucidate Nothing of that. His theories, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist tendencies. So, stumbling upon the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky's DVD: Rebel Without a Pause, in a used video store, a movie that followed him on a 2002 book tour for his book 9-11, I decided to get it, just for I could have a little knowledge about man the next time a person, for or against, talked about him. While I'm glad to have received the film, my initial reaction to this boring and poorly edited hagiography was, then, what is all this fuss about? <br /> <br /> For a man with so many titles, praised as 'the most important intellectual in the world', by the New York Times, according to the case of the DVD, surely there was not much there, intellectually speaking. I know I would chew it and spit it out in a debate, and I would not even want to see what William F. Buckley could do to him. Granted, the whole movie seemed to be about Chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere, and having seen the students with glassy eyes, he nodded with an astonishing approval of the most foolish and scandalous things he had said, instead of talking about linguistics, so that maybe that's the reason why it went so wrong. . But, once again, if he is a linguist, and is the best in his field, why would anyone care what he has to say about anything outside of his field of expertise? Even worse are his acolytes, who seem to isolate man even more from reality, by encouraging the deception that Chomsky is a target for the Zionist assassins. What little he knew about Chomsky before he saw this movie, how much he knew: it was generally considered, and quite intellectually irrelevant, since the fall of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured and without a narrative thread, that it is difficult to separate all the disorder. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave an interview, which was cut and dropped anywhere in the movie. She seems a pretty nice woman, but completely out of her element responding to everything but the most basic questions about her life. The only interesting thing she says is that 9/11 was a big thing for the Chomski, since since then she has reaped a large amount of money in speaking fees. <br /> <br /> No wonder that this type of movie There is almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all the spectators must know all the applause of this "great man". Chomsky is rarely interviewed one by one. Stylistically, there are no camera moves, no interesting edits, no distinctive touches, and most of the film is divided by Chomsky, recorded in video of Chomsky declaring about this or that, and careless and amazed students who look at it as if it were immaterial, that is, when imbeciles do not ask barely audible and ridiculously simplistic questions. This is a really bad movie made by the director and editor Will Pascoe, who in the DVD's Filmmaker Statement shows that he is another uncritical acolyte of Chomsky. Apart from that, one of the sure signs that this is not an objective documentary, but a mere agitprop, and a piece of vanity of agitprop, is that Chomsky is not shown struggling with an answer. It seems to be a source of knowledge that has no limits. <br /> <br /> Since much of this dreck was filmed during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what Chomsky says seems as remote as things from the Vietnam War era. Yes, he makes some good points, here and there, about the complicity of the American media before the war, but he follows them out of sheer madness, since he does not seem to realize that most conspiracies are ad hoc, and They are not totally planned. As an example, he affirms that the advertising industry is a clique that controls without mercy the population, but does not say a word about the zombie population that is left to control in that way. Similarly, he claims that trilateralists run the world and that people's fear of crime is another result of the clique. Of course, that statement explains the rape crisis centers so completely, and all the time and money wasted by the district attorneys' offices. It also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and company were great sponsors, in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union fell. I can only guess that the UFO conspirators are just waiting for Chomsky to proclaim that the Gray aliens have established species-mixing impregnation centers in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple-minded, gray-free world, Chomsky is terribly as dense as the members of Bushco, whom he disgusts; even more, since they do not pretend to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lives in the past, on his head in most problems, and out of his depth intellectually. Near the end of this film, he warns: 'Be careful when you hear that intellectuals fight for justice', but one can only laugh, since the man has apparently never met a revolutionary person or an idea that he did not like No matter how barbaric it may be. His crimes, and the anti-intellectuals are his positives. Please stop before you waste time and money on this dumb and irrelevant DVD.
