DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who had been leading a fairly ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) is murdered by a werewolf, you see that werewolves really exist in modern America and There is even a special organization within the police force to combat the werewolf threat led by Detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a purebred werewolf and that the so-called "dark prince" is the werewolf. (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of purebred werewolves that will take over the whole world, or something like that. Understandably, Josie finds it hard to believe, until she sees the evidence with her own eyes. It's up to Werewolf's policeman Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by co-executive Richard Friedman. I thought that DarkWolf was a very bad low budget movie on a horror camcorder. That really did not do anything for me. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's script begins quite promising in a strip club with many naked breasts on display and then there is a werewolf attack that leaves someone splashed everywhere, but after this decent opening sequence, it's pretty downhill to the end. I'm scared. For starters, it's slow, it's boring, it's predictable and it's populated by very annoying characters who come out with a lot of bad dialogues and do stupid things, like when they have the opportunity to shoot the werewolf, they have no idea. Why but prefer to just stay there instead. The script is silly and does not explain itself, why has not Josie ever become a werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can not this 'dark prince' find another female werewolf? There are also many other things that have little or no meaning like an old book that, at first, seems quite important, but is completely forgotten halfway, but anyway you have the idea, in general, the film advances from very linear way. From fashion to a very predictable climate confrontation that is disappointing, to say the least. <br /> <br /> Director Friedman turns on the movie pretty well with bright neon, but this is notoriously new or original and does not really improve the movie like a show. Now let's talk about the special effects or, rather, the lack of them, since the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the transformation of the Wolf Man is achieved using CGI and is among the worst looking CGI I've seen, seriously a Playstation would be ashamed of these graphic computers. It's easily the worst werewolf transformation I've seen. An American werewolf in London (1981) was made more than 25 years ago, but special effects are literally light years ahead of those seen in DarkWolf, who says that special effects have "Improvement over the years? The effects of animatronic puppets are not much better either, although at least there is something psychic on the screen. The gore is not a big deal after a bloody slaughter, there are blood spatters and many corpses, but not much more. There are a lot of female nudes if that's your thing, but do not get too excited because you still have to watch a terrible movie to watch it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf is fine In addition to possibly the worst CGI effect in history, it is reasonably well done and at least seems to have production values. Acting is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another low-budget horror movie that fills the shelves of video stores with junk and messes up the schedules of cable TV stations, I did not think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a little more fun than going to a funeral, although when everything is said and done, both are still horrible ...
