The Order begins in Rome, where the head of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons called Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti), moved to the city of New York, where one of his orders is contacted by Alex Bernier is dead. (Heath Ledger) Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), of high rank, asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding the death of Dominic. Along with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and his fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex travels to Italy to deepen the death of his mentor, when the truth begins to emerge, it seems that Dominic was a "Devourer of Sins" ", someone who absorbed the feelings of others. He sinned and lived with their burden so that they could die in peace and that the Church was not happy with their activities. Alex must do the right thing, even if it goes against what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also known under the title The Sin Eater, this German-American co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & didn 'really do a lot for me if I'm honest and I usually am, honestly. Anyway, let's start with the mess of a script that has some right ideas, but it's totally predictable, unbearably boring and boring, sometimes very silly and takes itself too seriously. The whole concept is absurd and, although he thinks it is intelligent, it has such a neat ending that unites everything and completes the circle of history. I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to end things. Here are the usual religious themes, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know the kind of things. Then there are the turns that are not hard to see, there is an abuse of power by high ranking clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc., you know the kind of ideals and Hollywood themes that are reused every time it's about Church. The Order has nothing new to say and, like a serious piece of film, it stinks, a lot. I'm not sure who should be called The Order, as a terror fanatic. I did not see much horror in this, as a thriller is less than exciting, as a mystery is too predictable and there is nothing here that can really capture or hold interest and, for some reason, I can not decipher that the IMDb also lists The Order as an action movie that is absurd, since it's as exciting and action-packed as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present), maybe, but it's what I think ... <br /> <br / > Director Helgeland does a good job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and everything looks a bit gray, gray and dull. For a supposed horror movie, The Order is very light in terms of fears or elements of horror, in fact, there is none other than two evil children that can become a flock of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about any bleeding or violence, since there is nothing that is right, but it would have helped at least to make The Order a bit visible. According to the "Trivia" section of IMDb, the release date for The Order was delayed so that some of the special effects could be improved because they seemed unintentionally funny, all I can say is that judging from the finished movie, the effects They must have been really bad to begin with. because they are not exactly bright as they are now. <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see that The Order had a budget of around $ 28,000,000, which is a lot of money and I just can not see where everything was apart from the production sets and design that are good. The whole movie looks and feels very normal and completely forgettable. The acting is fine, although the annoying fat guy who seems to be a kind of comical and irritable relief, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better than this. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the title The Sin Eater really is not too important, it loses all its intended goals by the proverbial mile as far as I'm concerned and it's a pretty boring way to lose 100 odd minutes of your life, so do not do it! Not recommended.
