This unfortunate excuse for a movie reminded me a lot of what I heard about "Gigli", that Ben and Jen failed earlier this summer. "The Order" was clearly edited to such an inconceivable degree that the scenes, instead of forming a cohesive and provocative film, seemed to be a collection of disconnected sequences that contributed little to the appearance of a unified plot. Now, I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 things I hate about you", "A Knight's Tale" and particularly his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man needs to find a better agent. He continues to accept scripts such as "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and will be on the fast track to forgetting the film. <br /> <br /> These are the problems I had with the movie. In the first place, the Director tried to compensate for the deficiencies of his essential plot by introducing two other story lines that apparently had little or nothing to do with, well, much of anything. The arguments that involve the Americans who tried to seize the Vatican and the Dark Pope, although interesting, did not reveal anything to the viewer about the main characters. Attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best. Secondly, do not insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting it into the scenes of the film that are clearly obligatory. We had fabricated anguish, fabricated love and sex more idyllically made that seemed a page of "Matrix Reloaded" with techno music that numbs the skull. Instead of developing character, these elements seemed to be the cheap devices they clearly were, a half-hearted attempt to put the popcorn chewing teens on the seats. Third, and most importantly, this movie seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural forces at stake. Why then do we learn almost nothing about someone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but even he abandons the passion of the priesthood by sleeping with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism sometime in the past. And Alex is the most developed character, if you can call him that, in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> As the cliché goes today, if you're going to see a movie this year, make sure it's not like that. this. There are about ten interesting minutes of the intolerable 101-minute adventure. The only thing that saved me was going with a girl that I like a lot. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. File this one firmly under the potential of having but blew about editing and misdirection. Heath my man, go back to the cameos of Monster's Ball. They really fit you.
