Even if this movie was supposedly a joke in response to critics, it's still a horrible movie. If one is going to commit to that kind of thing, at least it's a good joke ... first of all, Jeroen Krabbé is, I guess, poor Gerard Depardieu ... naturally I hate Gerard Depardieu although he was very funny in all three musketeers 'Iron Mask' one. Otherwise for me it's a box office poison and Jeroen Krabbé is worse than that. Poison from the poor man's box office ... is not really fair to the economically marginalized. If the '4th man' is supposed to be some kind of criticism of the bourgeoisie ... what am I saying? it's not hypothetically, if it was supposed to be, it was not sharp enough. Satire is a complicated thing ... if it's not sharp enough, the viewer becomes the target of the joke ... I think that's what happened. The story simply ends up as a group of miserable and unpleasant characters who do not do anything that anyone cares about or in an interesting way ... (for a more interesting and valuable application, see any Luis Bunuel movie ... very sharp satire) <br /> <br /> [potential spoiler alert] <br /> <br /> Really, the blowjob in the cemetery that the character of Jeroen Krabbé works so hard to achieve ... do you mind? it is funny? since Mr. Voerhoven is supposed to be a good filmmaker, I will give him the benefit of the doubt and I will assume that it was a misanthropic joke that got out of control ... although I suppose he did not throw Jeroen Krabbé out because he is the worst actor and all the characters he has played have been a pretentious bourgeois mockery ... except that he is incompetent in that. So it becomes a weird caricature. Do you think Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? And Jeroen Krabbé is also the target of the joke? I just do not see it ... So you understand the dilemma I face, right? It's the worst movie in history because he's supposed to be a good director. So there is some kind of dupery involved. I knew that 'Patch Adams' was horrible without even seeing it. Do not be fooled by the deceptively attractive cover of 'The 4th Man' or by the reputation of Mr Voerhoven as a good director, etc.
