The screenwriter tried in a bad way to recreate the "Exorcist". But he included a love story of blah-bla that makes him sick instead of keeping him involved. There is no substance whatsoever in this whole movie. It had the potential to be something special. but it surprises me to show a group of people and things that nobody cares about. Extremely boring, I wanted to leave the cinema when I saw this, but the silly tickets to the movies were expensive, so I had to endure the sad torture that seemed to last forever. Nothing on the screen relates relevance to what the characters were talking about. <br /> <br /> Here they use computer graphics that, instead of surprising me (as I pretended, I hate CGI), they ruined the film even more. Some people say that this movie had a horrible performance in movie theaters due to "provocative" and "at speed without action", because it was a smart movie. What is so clever or provocative when the story is basically about cute kid Hath Ledger as a priest who has a love interest and disobeys his religion? It seems a concept without inspiration. Oh, and there is a bit of bragging about the "devourer of sins" (the movie was originally going to be titled "devourer of sins"). Lame concept, but the film took too seriously what "devoured sin", making the film pathetic and delirious about how dark and intelligent it was. Yes, I know that there were actually devourers of sins in medieval times, but this movie just makes it look corny. <br /> <br /> Nothing in the movie was executed well, and I forget why I even bothered to watch this movie. If you want horror films that really have depth, look at Rosemary's Baby, The Tenant, Naked Blood, Society, Cannibal Holocaust, Pin, Exorcist, Omen, or any of Romero's films "Dead Trilogy." However, meaningless dialogue does not equate to intelligence people, although fans of conventional movies think that (the same kind of people who think that a ridiculous movie like Hulk is a cinematic masterpiece). If you want a boring horror, watch the Order. This movie makes the church look like a roller coaster.
