As an avid fan of the Flashman books by George McDonald Fraser, I was immensely hoping to see Flashy on the big screen when this movie premiered. Unfortunately, it was a big disappointment then, so I left it alone for 20 years before seeing it again, but the second time was not better. Mr. Fraser is a tremendously skilled writer, but I'm not a fan of his film script work with Richard Lester. The penchant for slapstick ruined "The Three Musketeers" for me and the same applies here. For me, all the tone and feel of the movie is wrong. The Flashman books are incredibly funny in some places, but they are adventure novels. There is a lot of seriousness in the way that the adventures that Flashman has, after all, are involved in dangerous situations. This is transmitted in the novels, but it is not transmitted at all in the film because of its comedic style. It is a tremendous shame, since I could have a great movie if it had been a more faithful adaptation of the style of the book. When I first read that the book was going to be filmed, the article said that the movie should be starring Oliver Reed. I rejoiced, since Reed for me was the personification of Flashman. How I would have loved to see it on paper. Malcolm McDowell is a good actor, but does not fit the visual image of Flashman created by the books (too skinny! Flashman is supposed to be a great subject). Neverheless Reed was excellent as Bismarck. What kills the movie is that it is done as a comedy. The only scene in which he creates the true atmosphere of the book is the scene in which Flashman kills De Gautet (Tom Bell). A great shame, since the values ​​of production, costumes, games, etc. They are excellent and the cast is generally excellent: almost everyone in the film is well separated from Malcolm McDowell. Possibly the direction of Richard Lester was responsible for the way the film, like a recent radio adaptation of 'Flash For Freedom', adapted by Mr. Fraser, worked quite well. Maybe one day we can see Flashman doing justice on the screen.
