In the last days of the Catholic Church, a devourer of sin was an individual who, through ritual, would take the sins of a dying person upon himself. Often, these people were excommunicated or similar people that the church did not absolve, denying them entry to heaven. The devourers of sin were seen as blasphemers, mocking the chruch's monopoly on redemption. Have a little fun with a supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where you can, and you have "The Order", a film that combines the religious anti-authoritarianism of "Stigmata", the paranormal investigation of "The X-Files". and the sexual spirituality of "The Thorn Birds" in a strange mixture that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a rebel priest, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, a semi-heretical Order of priests who seek knowledge, fight against demons. When Alex's mentor is found dead in strange circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Throughout this event are his compatriot Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who was subject to one of Alex's exorcisms the previous year. The three go to Rome to investigate and are dragged into a dark world of strange Catholic heresies, sinister prophecies, demonic intrusions and a man claiming to be the ultimate devourer of sins (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same directors in the scattershot and "A Knight's Tale"), the film is strange and difficult to classify. He wants to be several things at once (supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot) and only sometimes he succeeds in any of them. This is not favored by the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional explosions of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly surprising scene of desperation in an otherwise monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, showed the same disconnected performance he has given in all his films (especially in "The Rules Of Attraction"). <br /> <br /> The plot itself winds between several arcs of different stories, which leads us to ask ourselves which is the main one with each bow containing its part of red herrings. The big gaps in the narrative seem to get lost between scenes sometimes, which can be confusing for many, but this is also one of the saving graces of the film. The structure of the film, along with the fact that there is never a really clear antagonist until the end of the film, forces the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most of the films are clearly obvious above all (the exception a This is a historical background on the Carolingians and the practice of eating sin, both explained in the dry exposition Even at the beginning of the film, the relationships of the characters and the story are deduced rather than explained. shot on the spot and the judicious use of special effects, and will have a very old supernatural thriller, with even the opening credits reminiscent of the late 70s and early 80s. <br /> <br /> A brief mention here, too, for the subtle and organic David Torn score, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic voices in the style of Lisa Gerrard, a very nice score that is evocative without It is grandiloquent and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confused plot, a lack of purpose and, sometimes, sleepy performances often condemn a movie, but for some reason, "The Order" remains visible. Many people will be very upset by the film because of their strange sensibilities, and some will even get angry because they are forced to participate in the higher functions of their brain to understand it. Even so, the pure intangibility of the film will prevent it from being a critical or commercial success until the DVD, which I'm sure will have a lot of deleted scenes. A film recommended only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10
