This movie was bad beyond belief. I saw it during the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before we started, the owner of the theater got up and told us how half of the audience had left the theater the night before, which turned out to be their "world premiere." I do not think anyone in the theater understood how bad the movie was going to be at that moment. We all understood at the end. <br /> <br /> It is not a documentary, although it was sold as such. Dark Angel was a bad biography and a bad tribute to Bettie Paige, in which half of the film is actually a version of the old Betty Paige films. The movie only lasts 90 minutes and the content of those 90 minutes is less than the minimum. A scene would begin to leave, then someone would say "wow, you're so cool, Bettie, why do not we make another movie?" This would be followed by 5 minutes of a remake of Bettie Paige, which was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring than) the normal part of the movie. At the end of the movie, people laughed every time another new version of Bettie Paige appeared. It was so ridiculous. I heard a lot of laughter in that theater, but people did not laugh with the filmmaker, they laughed at the film and its poor content and structure. This was easy to say since the parties that would laugh the most were those that were supposed to be serious or revealing. <br /> <br /> I know that movies are expensive. I've seen a lot of low-cost independent films, but somehow the cinematography and the quality of this film distinguish it from anything else I've seen. The film looks like it was made for $ 12. The cuts, the grainy and the lack of a sensual plot made this a memorable experience. This movie makes "Dude, Where's My Car?" Look like a Kane citizen. <br /> <br /> My friends and I left the theater with the feeling that we had paid 8 dollars to be tortured. The only good thing about the experience was that we laughed at the fact that someone really made this movie and thought it was good. Apparently, last night, the night of the "world premiere", the director / writer / producer had been in the audience and had come to witness how people laughed and left his film. Bettie Paige's films were destroyed. They should destroy this movie too.
