I'm a bit torn in ANGLE DARK. The film seems to be a "loving" tribute to the best pin-up in history, but there is so little real "content" that the film itself is virtually useless. I can not really see what the motivation or "point" of this film is, since the narrative provides very little biographical information, so those who do not know much about Bettie will not know much more after seeing DARK ANGEL either. . <br /> <br /> The film basically narrates the last years of Bettie's career in the modeling of slavery. Almost the entire film is composed of "recreations" of some of the most "famous" photos and loops of Bettie. These recreations occupy literally 75% of the time of execution of the films and practically do not allow to know Bettie as a person. The film briefly addresses their legitimate and short-lived acting activities, and their subsequent decision to leave the "business" and become a religious, but all this is practically ignored in favor of showing long and prolonged scenes of recreation. ... <br /> <br /> DARK ANGEL is not a horrible movie, it simply has no substance. The other problem is that the actress who plays Bettie only looks a lot like her in the furthest shots: up close it's a no-go. The other thing that irritated me is that, although Bettie made several topless modeling takes, the only nudity in the movie was a short segment in a zoo during the final credits. The film itself is obviously very low budget, but it does what it can establish and in terms of clothing within its limitations, so there are no complaints from me there. The performance is quite wooden and not memorable of all involved. In fact, the most memorable part of the whole movie for me was to notice during the final credits that the actor who played the real name of Irving Klaw is Dukey Flyswatter. No kidding - check the cast list. I can not say that I recommend it too much unless you are a true Bettiefile completista and you must have something related to it. And if it's so bad, then you need to seek treatment anyway ... 4/10
