One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is the contamination of downstream streams, rivers and lakes with excess sediments and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the nineteenth century in the United States of excess sedimentation of the river was caused by hydraulic mining of severely auriferous hills on the sides of the Sacramento Valley in the period between the 1850s and the early 1850s. 1880s. This process involved directing a high-pressure water jet towards the hillside, which caused the material to be washed downhill, where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediments. Then, sediments accumulated in a ditch or stream and most found their way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. Sediments that remained in the riverbed increased the likelihood of flooding in agricultural fields and downstream villages and created permanent wetlands in some areas. Some of the sediment spilled over agricultural fields, where they could cover a standing crop or cover a more desirable soil or hinder plowing. Therefore, the conflicting interests of the companies that used hydraulic mining and the downstream farmers affected by these operations are the subject of this almost forgotten Warner color film from 1938. <br /> <br / > First, we can ask why Warner. He decided to film this film in a rather poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and gold miners does not seem to justify the cost and difficulties of shooting in color at this time. The answer seems to be the excessive time of the movie that goes on inside, with colorful and ornate clothes. So, we could ask ourselves why George Brent was chosen as the main man and the ultimate hero, to be paired with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needed a charismatic leader to take it. Even the usually colorful Gabby Hayes, in her small paper, seemed unusually dim. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the last part of the movie, apparently more dramatic. The part I saw spent too much time establishing a complicated set of relationships among too many people at the cost of graphically portraying the plight of the chosen wheat baron and perhaps the people of the nearby city and their attempts to deal with their flood and sedimentation problems. It had to be more like "The Good Earth", launched the previous year. Maybe it would have been suitable for a charismatic leader, like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the matter of the inane title. Surely, Warner could have devised a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or grain" is short and to the point. By the way, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in 'thar hills', waiting to be extracted by other means than hydraulic mining.
