The Zeppelins that explode and crash into the base of 'Sky Captain' Jude Law present an adequate metaphor to describe how truly terrible this film is. First of all, let me say immediately that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will recover some money from this movie. It can be a cult blow, but only because it is so remarkable for what it did not achieve. I can see the field of study now. "Let's combine the German expressionism of 1920 and a globetrotting adventure of 1940 with a modern action movie and let's use computer animation to master every scene! Wow, it will not be a success!" Skycaptain rams the viewer with his excess. There are too many false blasts, too many unconventional dogfight scenes and very few real moments where the characters are not painfully two-dimensional. After all, why surprise and amaze you with a floating aircraft when you can have three, five or a hundred? In addition, what could have been an innovative film, seamlessly combining computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing environment, will become a failure largely because it does not meet the most important requirement of any CGI movie. . In short, the graphics are incredibly poor. From the movement of cars to the physics of the plane in dogfights, everything seems to be a little off. I'm not being a bit delicate here in any way. A baby might notice that a car does not slide along the road like a maglev train (unless it's a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise their voices in protest, they shout: 'This is a stylized movie, it's not supposed to be like reality', let me say this. Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating real-life actors with CGI, Starship Troopers has set the standard for ironic sci-fi movies, Rocketeer did a solid job of reintroducing the 1920s into the movie portfolio of Hollywood, and Tim Burton's Batman created a unique image of the city of New York / Gotham that has not yet been repeated. Sky Captain falls short in all these films, it is difficult for me to mention them in the same sentence. Also, the acting is so bad that it makes me seriously ill. So there you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you get my review. I hope I can dissuade everyone from making the same mistake as me.
