When hordes of robots begin to attack major cities, who will stop the madman behind the attacks? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, ace of the roads of heaven, facing insurmountable difficulties along with his annoying reporter, former girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and his former flight partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow may seem and feel like an exciting movie, but in reality it is quite boring and disappointing. The execution time of the movie is 106 minutes, but it feels much longer because there is no substance in this movie. The images were great and the movie did a good job on that. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful images. The film lacks a story and interesting characters that make the whole thing boring and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the visual and spends little time in real history. The film is like a girl without personality, after a while it becomes insipid and exhausting. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl without personality. It is simply another case of style over substance. <br /> <br /> The performance is surprisingly average and it's not really their fault as they had very little to work with. The main reason I saw this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the advertising is quite misleading and is only in the film for about 30 minutes. His performance is surprisingly insipid too. Jude Law gives a good performance, although you expect much more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was simply average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one that I really liked. She has a very good acting like the mysterious woman and was the only interesting character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> However, the film is not a complete failure. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. They just were not enough of them. The movie just does not have that hook to make it really memorable. Actually it was pretty tasteless and it was not very attractive at all. It is a pity that the film was not very good, since it had such a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not worth seeing. Rating 4/10
