Visually impressive? Definitely. I've seen few movies look so good in some time. Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow use amazing cinematography, computer graphics and futuristic creative designs to create a world that is historically familiar but something new. The time period seems to be the 1930s or early 1940s. The movie tells of the recent attacks in New York City by mechanized armies that steal generators and the like for some inexplicable reason. In addition, mysterious disappearances of relevant scientific minds coincide. Who can stop them and save the world? Okay, there is no need to be an act of faith to know that it is the Sky Captain himself, with his reporter, the reporters' girlfriend, always disputing an advantage, and behind the scenes, his faithful and competent sidekick. What Sky Captain has in the atmosphere and the graphics lacks narration and characterization. The plot of this movie is ridiculous. That said, the movie goes through a sensation of series of series of films of yesteryear. They had pretty bad stories and bad acting, but none of them, and I mean none of them, had the budget and the big names that this movie had. One of the award-winning artists of the academy and Jude Law could keep a movie afloat, one might think, but Sky Captain sinks miserably. Despite its fantastic dark aspect, I found myself wanting the film to end and I could continue with my life. He had little interest in a story that generated little interest. I did not care at all about any of the simplistic portraits. Paltrow was simply horrible. Jolie was a joke with a role practically without substance. The law can not carry the tradition of a single line so directly on its limited shoulders. I mean, let's be honest, he's not Will Smith, Mel Gibson or Wesley Snipes. The sad thing about the Captain of Heaven, at least for me, was that he had so much promise and so little commitment. I got bored ten minutes into the movie, waiting for something to catch my interest, and it never came.
