"Sky Captain" can be considered a tribute to comics, pulp adventures and movie series, but it contains little of the magic of some of the best genres. One contributor says that the enjoyment of the film depends on whether one recognizes the influences of the film or not. I do not think this is entirely true. The expectations of one of the films, fiction and series to which "Captain" pays homage were totally different. Especially for those who experienced those entertainments when they were children. This movie is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of those. Of course, we know that the wires will go in and out of the scratches, but there has to be some tension and drama. Towards the climax of "Captain", Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to avoid a catastrophe and, when they reach five minutes, they no longer walk towards their goal. They take the time for long looks and unnecessary conversations and contemplation of a fallen enemy with 30 seconds to the tragedy. Of course, one expects certain conventions to be included, but a good director would have maintained a certain sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> One does not expect films like this to necessarily have "meaning". You expect them to be fun, exciting and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost none. Remember when Law and Paltrow are pursued by the winged creatures and reach a huge chasm crossing through a log bridge? Well, why are they perfectly safe from these creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly! The abyss itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where is the escape? If the earth through the abyss is 'forbidden' to the flying creatures, the film made no effort to tell us how or why or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both have given good performances in the past were playing "guys" but both were pretty flat.) Only Giovanni Ribisi (who was able to give a great nuance here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give a "push" to their papers, although Omid Djalili seemed like he could have handled a bit more if only the opportunity had been given, but he did a pretty good job considering that he basically wasted it. The film had a great 'look' but there are many ways in which CGI distract CGI works best when used for the fantastic, when it is used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for the When it is used to substitute natural places, it disappoints.There is no true sense of wonder.A CGI mountain has none of the majesty or sense of awe and foreshadowing that a real mountain has. this pe Lula was quite deliberate and it was not necessarily supposed to look real, but should not it feel that way? He just did not do it. <br /> <br /> As for the weak writing and cliché ... the homage is not an excuse. Still, if the movie had had some emotions and dramatic tension, it still could have been nice. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but I had everything that "Captain" did not have, in particular, attracted the viewer to his world and made us accept his rules and ways . to be in a way that the "Captain of Heaven" definitely did not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach for movies about comic heroes of the 30s and 40s. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as mature for such treatment. Maybe the best characters, better known and fully understood that those characters would be for a much better movie. It would be hard to be worse.
