This is a movie that had a lot to live. In the year of its release, the legendary film critic Barry Norman considered it the worst movie of the year and I only heard bad things, especially an argument that was criticized for being too complicated. <br /> <br /> To be honest, the plot is something like a false trail and the movie suffers even more when the word "plot" is used because, as far as I can see, there is no plot as such. There is something related to the Russian gangsters, a character named Pete Thompson who is trying to get his wife Sarah pregnant and an Irish guy named Sean. How everyone fits into something called "plot", I'm not sure. It's hard to explain the plotlines of Guy Ritchie's films, but if you watch any of his films, I'm sure we can all agree that they all have one, no matter how complicated they seem when they first appear. Similarly, a James Bond movie although the plots are extended with action scenes. You will have a serious problem believing that RANCID ALUMINUM has any kind of central argument that can be explained convincingly. <br /> <br /> Take a look at the spare parts list will sound enough warning signal about what kind of movie Sadie will be watching Frost has appeared in some of the worst British films that have been made in the last 15 years and is doing nothing to become inconsistent. Steven Berkoff gives the performance a bad name (and plays a character named Kant that summarizes the wit of this film), while one of the supporting characters is played by a television host, presumably because he will not be dead to any actress would be in this <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it is completely forgettable. I saw him a few days ago and immediately after seeing him, he was going to write a very long critique to warn people about what they are letting themselves be observed, but now I have almost forgotten why. But this does not alter the fact that I remember that I disliked this piece of shit immensely
