Following Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry quickly flooded with bad gangster films in the late 1990s and early days that seem even more desperate today than they were at the time. In one of the best all-time Pearls-from-swine cases, the Rancid Aluminum producers blatantly recorded the "The best movie of the century" quote from a review in all the ads and omitted the rest of the sentence noting that It was only because, at the time of writing, it was the only movie that had been released in 2000. Looking at it today it is hard to imagine how it was done, joining a cast that was briefly considered the cream of Cool Britannia's Lads Mags Brigade ?? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes? but now only a guarantee of a turkey every time it is confused with the adaptation of a novel by James Hawes. The fact that the plot is never explained could be due to the possibility that nobody really knows what it is, or maybe it just does not think it is important. Something related to the Ifans businessman who was created with the murderous lord of the Russian crime of Steven Berkoff in an investment or money laundering plan (it's never clear, because no one ever asks him) about Fiennes' crooked Irish accountant, that he expects the Russians to kill Ifans so that he can take over his failed enterprise. Things become increasingly confusing and little explained from there, Ifans alternates between shouting about how terrible his life is while juggling visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and the ridiculously stressed Russian Tara Fitzgerald, Berkoff keeps saying "Bizniss" and "Francis". Drake "and Fiennes make a decent Irish accent while demonstrating that just because he played a great writer on Shakespeare in Love does not mean he is a judge of good writing when it comes to movie scripts. <br /> <br / > When the most convincing performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr, you know that a film is in serious trouble, with Poland representing a Russia full of people with Polish accents and a strange score that translates from John Barry pastiche to lounge music Ennio Morricone spaghetti Western with a stylophone budget, completely fails at the great stakes to which it points and ends, a curious overloaded but almost a limbo less proper, sitting there like a hoax dog.
