This movie was a real torture festival to sit down. His first mistake is treating nuclear power as something so "obviously bad" that he hardly needs to convince the audience. When he leans forward to present his argument, he makes the participants give breathlessly justified data; all that is missing is for someone to shout "when someone is going to think about children". While watching this movie, I kept thinking "where did you hear that?" or "that can not be true", however, little information was supported by reliable sources. And bless them, the "normal people" of the film found more with Luddites than with people who understood the pros and cons of nuclear power; to be fair, that could be the fault of the filmmakers, but equally it is a condition shared by the rock stars of the film. <br /> <br /> As for the artists ......... .. Now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I've enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this cause. But they all look like sibilant old hippies desperately looking for something to work on, now that the sixties have overcome them. Particularly embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard; It seems that he can not believe the things that he is being told (not that he blames him), but desperate to feel noticed and included. James Taylor interprets what has to be the most insignificant "anthem" of protest of all time, "Stand and Fight", in the most sickly and joyful way you can imagine. In fact, most of the performances are quite smooth when they are not being condescending. No one seems excited about this event, as if it really did not mean much to them. It is worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall, of the Orleans band, and responsible for some of the weakest pop of the 70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One.") It's worth noting because it's symbolic how the cause here does not inspire any real passion in music. The cause is supposedly life or death, but everyone walks asleep through their numbers as if they were playing the Catskills. Except, perhaps, Gil-Scott Heron, his protest number "We almost lost Detroit" is on the subject, at least, but with all the presumption of a high school student impressed with how "controversial" he is being. <br /> <br /> Only the performance of Bruce Springsteen raises the pulse; I've never been a big Boss fan, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. A part of me thinks that it was recorded separately, in another event, and it was edited in this movie to awaken the audience. Compared to the general softness and air of self-satisfaction here, it's no wonder that Bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is hampered by the lifeless concert of the concert. I do not expect much eye-popping camera movement from a 70s movie, but the shots are unnecessarily static, divided only by cuts of a fraction of a second in the tonsils of a backup singer. Now, some of this may be because the interpreters do not have life to begin with; and * perhaps * the filmmakers are more adept at filming documentaries than at concert shots, but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like this with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, actually, there are only two things to see in this movie: Springsteen's star performance and a sad photograph of a declining counterculture.
