This extremely weak Australian excuse for a movie is something like the Pavlov Dog Experiment between horror movies. Remember this famous experiment of "conditioned reflection" of your school books, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov showed that dogs tended to salivate before food reached their mouths and this through repetitive routines that stimulated the animal's reflexes. Pavlov rang a bell a couple of moments before the food was delivered to the dog and, after a while, he became anxious and excited and began to salivate after hearing the sound of the bell. What the hell does all this boring explanation have in common with a sleazy and low-budget Australian slasher movie, I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of the maniac killer in "Nightmares" is an exact variant in Pavlov's experiment. Each and every one of the sequences of murders is preceded by the raw sound and the image of the murderer breaking a window, because he insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut off the victims. So this means that, after a short time, inattentive and bored viewers can afford to fall asleep and simply look up when they hear the sound of a broken glass. That way you still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> Regarding the quality of "Nightmares" as a movie, I can be very brief. This is a cheap, uninspired, and largely imbecile Australian cash in the contemporary popular trend of American killer movies. In the early 1960s, a four-year-old girl witnessed her mother's cruel death when her throat opened in an unpleasant car accident. Twenty years later the same girl. Helen Selleck ?? She is a successful theater actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She auditions for a role in a black comedy that revolves around death and gets the role. Shortly after the big premiere, all those who are remotely involved in the production are killed. It is truly retarded how this film tries to defend the mystery regarding the identity and motivations of the murderer, even if the most childish viewer can already discover it after the first murder. I do not think I've ever seen a whodunit more obvious than "Nightmares" and the creators should have shown their faces immediately and avoid embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody and there is also a lot of unhealthy free nudes to "enjoy". However, the production values ​​are low and, therefore, the film is never, at one point, shocking or provocative. The few clips that we can see of the real work make it look like it could be the worst thing that has been done on stage. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and the critic of the gay newspaper, who are delightfully sarcastic and insult the rest of the cast members as much as we do. "Nightmares" is a terrible piece of horror film exploiter, but hey, at least I gave you a golden tip to make it more digestible.
