The cheap and mediocre sequel to the hit "The Hand of the Mummy" has, presumably, the evil teacher Andoheb (George Zucco) preparing his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the pursuit of revenge abroad using the mummy Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr, who is not right is in disguise ... any acrobatic could do the same credible job and suffocate the victims with the aim of killing the surviving members of the Banning family whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran ) and his assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) retrieved the mummified body of Princess Ananka from his grave in Egypt ... Andoheb considers this a strange act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for doing such a horrible action towards an ancient Egyptian custom Bey and the mummy Kharis find a nice hiding place in a cemetery where the High Priest of Karnak can work as a disguised caretaker Each full moon, Bey will feed Kharis with a liquid form derived from several leaves of Tana that will keep him not only alive but will be subject to the wishes of his teacher. Bey orders Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while also waiting for Babe to return to be victim # 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox) , but does not know that Bey secretly covets her fiancé making plans to kidnap her with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father ... he is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there's no chance of more Bannings being born. The police must find Kharis and the person responsible for his carnage ... Eye. <br /> <br /> This film is a continuation of HAND established years later as members of that film, Foran, Ford and Zucco, all appear in "aging". "makeup that provides wrinkles that show the gaps in time since Andoheb has been preparing for the death of the Bannings." The romance of John and Isobel seems to be a mere complication in this plot, so Bey will ruin the danger of his perfect plan, which was being carried out successfully before he used it, and, Bey just sees her having fun with John on the grass ... all the junk of "love at first sight" really did not wash for me. , you have the mummy being able to kill people with only one arm ... is there a really powerful mummy? This film also uses a ton of images from the previous movie to save budget in this sequel. history here and yes, typical of the images of universal monsters, even in the United States a multitude of people will light up ... what? ... launches behind Kharis, you know how it will end ... John and the super powerful Kharis They will face each other in a huge mansion with fire burning around them with the evil one enveloped in flames.
