Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, the cyborgs led by the warlord Job reign over the human population. Basically, they keep them as cattle, since they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks as a child, and it's been years since they came face to face with the cyborgs again, but this time the cyborg Gabriel saved it, which was created to destroy them all. cyborgs. Job and his men are on track to capture a largely populated city, while Nea (with revenge in mind) begs Gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs and she will take him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> A low-cost post-apocalyptic incursion by writer / director Albert Pyun (who made "Cyborg" before and "Nemsis" the same year) is reasonably a piece of wrong scrap with some novelties interesting Very little structure makes its way into shabby history, since turgid writing is weak, corny and exaggerated. Lead teasing tries to be witty, but it stinks and becomes comical in unintentional moments. Most of the actions that occur are quite foolish and routine. The material could have used another polish, since it was an inspired idea swallowed by lazy inclusions, lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone. The open ending, the conclusion of the suspense is too abrupt, especially since a sequel has not yet been made. It feels like the money ran out and he said: "It's time to pack it in. We're going to finish it another day (or maybe in another decade), there's no rush." However, he found it quite deviant, thanks in large part to its fast pace, to some well-executed bouts and to the George Mooradian gliding cinematography that beautifully captured the visually striking backdrop. The performances are fair. The dry, steely person of Kris Kristofferson works perfectly, since Kathy Long, a self-confident and psychically capable, performs the tricks expertly and aggressively. However, his performance is too hard. An assault Lance Henriksen gives a delicious performance of pure ham, as the leading villain of the cyborg, Job, who constantly suffers a collapse of saliva. Scott Paulin is also overjoyed when one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels pout like one too. Pyun attacks some exciting martial art pieces, which involve a bit of flashy vigor and free slow motion. Filtering into the background is a scorching musical score, but of mechanical sound. The special effects and FX makeup are good enough. It can be seen, but it is not a success and its minimal limitations can be the cause of that.
