I connected to this thing one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credits ran out, so I did not know who had made it at the beginning. The more I saw it, the more I began to think: "Jesus, this looks like a Albert Pyun movie." However, he was not very sure, for two main reasons: photography was pretty good (and the Utah desert landscape was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a hilarious performance as Simon, a killer cyborg, but with a certain style and a sense of humor. Paulin must have improvised the many intelligent phrases he shot, because Albert Pyun has not written anything remotely funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have much screen time before he's gone, and the movie is worse because of that. Lance Henriksen, playing the evil cyborg, grunts through his part, as he has done in many other films like this. I do not know what the hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this; Maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert looked like and receive a payment for it. Review the movie (and it sounds) as if it had just woke up and, in fact, spends most of the last part of the film in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fight extremely well, has a great body and has not a bit of talent for acting, but that does not matter in a movie like this. Being a film by Albert Pyun, it is full of brands that we all know and love: inane and idiotic dialogues, choppy editing and the impression that they lost a roll in the middle of the image and thought: "Ah, nobody will notice." < br /> <br /> As bad as this film is, however, it is a bit above most of Pyun's other efforts: this is "Citizen Kane" compared to his mental numbness "Adrenaline: Feel the Rush ", for example. The fights are pretty well done, if they're repetitive (after she knocks down eight or nine men, one after the other, you find yourself saying, "Okay, go to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and, as a The poster has noticed, has a great derrière). It is not a good movie at all in the imagination, but it is not as incoherent and incompetent as Pyun's usual extravagances. It could do worse than rent this movie, not much worse, by the way, but worse.
