I'm usually a fan of Spike Lee. It takes some time to really get into his "mojo," but once he sees the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is closest to his heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike The 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite movies), there was no clear story in this movie. I could understand the struggle between Washington and the option of playing well or being influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee could never get rid of the real feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was delivered, but you could say that this was not Lee's favorite movie. Lee not only directed this movie, he also wrote it. You could say. The work of the camera was horrible and the writing only contributed to the decline of the film. This movie was completing a circle and it was not going to be pretty. Lee was not 100% behind this movie as he was with Do the Right Thing. Of all the movies I've seen directing Lee, this was the most brilliant and modest of his films. It was almost as if he created a Hollywood movie instead of one that was all his. I do not know if he saw the money from Do the Right Thing and ran with it, or what? but this movie did not show his true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie, and perhaps missed seeing something directed by Spike Lee after this movie, I suggest you give it a second. opportunity. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you came from with this movie and why you would want to leave this behind, but Lee does grow. Your work becomes more your own, and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money to just wanting to make good movies. It took me a while to see Hour 25, but when I did, it was pure brilliance. Maybe it was the actors, maybe the story, but Lee created an incredible movie of a man's journey into the unknown. I guess that's what I expected Mo 'Better Blues to turn out to be. This really dark journey in the life of a man who never really grew, but the only thing I got was that Denzel was Denzel. He really is one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him the Sydney Poitier of cinema, but this was not the film to show his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with this The movie was the use of Spike's sister playing one of the love interests. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think I could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is or how much money they pay me, I never would. It's just something I never want to see, but apparently that's different for Spike. He went ahead and showed the full naked image of his sister without any remorse. It was sad and it even made me blush. Also, I need someone to answer this. What was Flavor Flav doing when he presented this film? Then, I am sitting on my couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly there is a voice from the past that explains the study that made this film, then it is recognized. That was not built for a strong rest of the story. Again, I felt Lee was going for money in this film instead of real talent. Maybe that's how he could afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without explosions. <br /> <br /> In this movie there were two great scenes that made it worth seeing until the end. Do not get me wrong, this was a very bad movie, but there's always a diamond in every alley. The scene in which Bleek accidentally forgets what woman he is with is fascinating. He continually came and went, weaving the truth into confusion in a way that proved that Lee was really behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that probably got lost in the confusion due to the remaining bad scenes. The other scene that was worth seeing was the way Lee introduced and finished the movie. By keeping the same pace and direction, he was able to take this tragic character to a complete circle and give him the opportunity to change his life. Apart from these two moments, the rest of the movie was trash, it's not worth seeing unless you're about to go blind. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** out of *****
