There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and normal people. Although I admit that I have really enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just an instinctive reaction: I've seen most of Fellini's films and I've also seen many films by the most famous directors in the world. With this in mind, I think the most overrated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both have been delighted with the extravagant and often can not be seen, and yet have received lots of praise from critics and the "intelligensia", while the average person would never sit in some of his films. Hell, even a person who loves international cinema would generally stay out of the cold to see some of these movies. Then, as only a small clique watches their films and are already predisposed to see the directors as geniuses, it is not surprising that their films are so praised, it is like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about many of Godard's films, like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films abound in boredom, rarity and incomprehensibility. Now I am NOT saying that a movie can not be strange (after all, I LOVE KATAKURIS HAPPINESS AND SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be visible! <br /> <br /> Now let's see this movie. Somehow, Fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unattractive. This is not an easy task: it took a lot of work to make this impossible to see. Instead of cheap sexual emotions, the sexual acts are choreographed in a silly and annoying way, while Casanova's character is buried under so much make-up and prosthesis that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know that part of this must have been Fellini's intention, but many spectators will be completely bored by this sterile performance, especially because the lines of Sutherland are badly bent to Italian and, therefore, neither looks nor resembles itself same! Unfortunately, when the film is not involved in these boring sexual adventures, there really is nothing more to see. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this boring movie is that the actress looks surprisingly like a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Taking into account that, in addition to this, that in previous decades, Fellini had Masina play characters like a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems that he really hated his wife and that this was acted on the screen. I read a little about them and their stormy relationship and it seems that this also confirms it. This is the only aspect of this turgid film that I found interesting. Do not say I did not warn you!
