A complaint of aggravated sexual assault along with other unpleasant peccadilloes, including the improper use of a broom, is made against a half-dozen of the most popular high school athletes in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "mildly retarded" student (Heather Matarazzo ). The investigation and case construction are delivered to the district attorney's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are placed in charge. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case spread through Glen Ridge, a suburb of upper middle class. where athletes are adored by everyone in the community. (One of his parents is a police lieutenant.) No one believes Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take a slut like that to the basement, they would rape her and subject her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to shape a sufficiently convincing case so that they can bring the athletes to trial. Matarazzo is not an ideal claimant. She is desperate for love and friendship, and that makes it easier for false friends to trick her into making false statements. A viscous reporter says: "You can trust me", but it turns out that the reporter can not be trusted. Another student, a very popular girl at school, takes Linda Tripp out of Matarazzo, pretending to be her partner in the chest, but asks her important questions about the incident, and records the results! As a consequence, seeing how this story unfolds is like being on a roller coaster. At first it seems a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, alas, the community organizes itself against the law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter interferes. Then, that obstacle is hardly overcome, when Linda Tripp sticks her big nose in the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo was lying. (Well, actually, she was lying, but she was lying to her interrogator to please her). So that is overcome, but Matarazzo is opposed to taking the position because he does not want to be characterized as "delayed". Eric Stoltz is fine on the prosecutor's side. I say this for the simple reason that he and I live in Pago Pago almost at the same time. (I hope it was not the boy with whom I had that altercation at the Seaside Club bar, if it was, I'll return my compliment). Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and difficult to characterize. She did a wonderful job of self-control in "Fine Arts", but I did not feel any particular effort in this role, which was pretty much formulated anyway. I mean, neither she nor Stoltz nor anyone else could give a good performance in what is essentially a comic book story. <br /> <br /> The producers and the director had the good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of victim. The worst they could have done was to throw a neotenésamente charming and ethereal blond. On the other hand, Matarazzo, without being so ugly, looks quite simple and this ordinary quality is complemented by her grooming and makeup. The writers have not made her melancholic and kind either. She has a temper and sometimes it is irritating to listen to him, which is for the best. <br /> <br /> The character of Matarazzo is the best drawn of the film. Athletes are stereotypes. Pure evil. They think they are above the law, break into a nice girls party in East Orange, destroy the place during a party much worse than the climate orgy of "La Dolce Vita", and leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to have it in the neck, and they do it. <br /> <br /> I referred to this as a comic book story and that is almost what it is. It does not challenge any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubt who is who. What I'm waiting for, it's not really rhetorical, it's a movie almost like this and a dozen more, but in which the victim is FOUND to get his name and picture in the newspapers and collect all those chips of sympathy from people of Right thinking like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a true story, as are many others we have seen, and even more fictional features. (For example, "the accused.") Some are good, others are strictly routine. Good. Fair enough. Now, when we can see a movie about the Tawana Brawley case, in which the old teenager disappeared on a whim for a few days, then her friends stripped her, tied her up and dirtied her. Could you say that the police had kidnapped and raped her? Now THAT would be a challenge in a way that this simply is not.
