Things get blunted earlier and more often in this mawkish jazz biography written and directed by Spike Lee. <br /> <br /> Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a jazz trumpeter who heads a quintet that packs them into Down the loser. His problems include an incompetent manager, a saxophonist and two friends with whom he plays the musical cushion. The true love of his life, however, is his trumpet and his music. The band's manager, Giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with the owners of greedy clubs and would be better expelled, but Bleek remains loyal for as long as possible. He will demonstrate his ruin as an artist, but ironically he will contribute to his growth as a man. <br /> <br /> Like Bleek, Denzell Washington is totally wrong as the ambitious trumpeter with a baby in each arm. He is too sweet a boy to be so self-centered about his art, dispensing patience and love to those around him with a discreet distance. It simply lacks fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson, the saxophonist, would have been much more suited to the role, but even he would have to unearth the limp scribbles of Lee's torrid dialogue. As a giant, Lee hits the trifecta with abysmal performance to match his writing and direction. Trying without mirror to reflect the dirty but friendly Ratso Rizzo to Bleek's Joe Buck, he adopts a limp and even the "I'm walking here" moment of Midnight Cowboy. In this case, I wish the taxi would run over and end with him. <br /> <br /> Lee's script is all a lukewarm plot, a heavy stroke and veiled insults with a clumsy editorialism that Lee needs to inject to stay down. The scenes between the members of the band in the backstage and in the rehearsal lack spark and are only surpassed in sadness by the conversations of Bleek, Giant who have an ad lib aspect and go in circles. Completing this parody is Lee's pretentious visual style. Tracking shots, zooms and panoramas are wasted and do not matter for the scenes. They just wander. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (made implicit by the mountains of memories of all sets) and everything is a sentimental trap that lacks passion and enthusiasm. The jazz in the film is better served by "Round Midnight" by Tavernier and "Bird" by Eastwood, which are below the surface, reveal more aspects of the form, the pain behind it, in addition to offering top-quality performances infinitely superior of Forrest Whitaker and the real deal Dexter Gordon This Spike Lee Joint does not even offer a slight buzz. It's a pretty bad thing done at home.
