It is not obvious to see this movie (so I recommend to the spectators to investigate the people who present their case), but this presentation about the realities of Islam and its encouragement to violence and intolerance against all non-Muslims lacks objectivity, and it also completely fails to factor in the human condition. It is one thing to document that the Qur'an says many things about how a devout Muslim is required to interact with non-Muslims, but any realist can realize that not every human being who feels himself to be a follower of Islam will do so. . Agree and comply with all the principles of that faith and system. There are reasons to question presenters a lot, so viewers need to see the presentation with a healthy skepticism; Do not swallow everything, hook, line and plumb, without thinking about yours. <br /> <br /> One specific, for example, is to investigate the person Walid Shoebat; who claims to be a former Muslim who perpetrated an act of terrorism in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who do not believe any of these claims. I am not and I have never been a Muslim. I have never read the Koran. I am not a Christian, nor am I a member of any faith. But I am an intelligent and demanding human. While the film is quite disturbing, in its presentation of how SOME Muslims see their obligation to Islam; I remind you that there is more to Islam than the opinions of fundamentalists. Just as there are fundamentalists and evangelical Christians, there are also variations in the intensity of belief and obligation between Jews and Muslims. <br /> <br /> When you watch this movie, you need to have the saltcellar in hand. A grain will not be enough, you will need more. Please use your own mind and think for yourself, investigate what is presented and evaluate the state of the world and how Islam fits into it based on more than what is said in 98 minutes of video. There is a common thread of political affiliation between those who put this film together, which indicates a definite bias. Be your own brain.
