Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film about white supremacy, the inconsistencies of its main character, Bronson Green, aspiring actor from New York who became a false actor, They make it hard to take history seriously. Green, who is constantly rejected by Los Angeles casting agents for being obsolete (that is, also in New York when the 80s are looking for big, blond and dumb ones), finds success easily when he is willing to succumb to counterfeiting. your image Unfortunately, the new hair dye and the peaceful attitude of "surfer" give him an opportunity to act with the Church of Jericho, which subscribes to the teaching of the white supremacist of the Aryan nation. Green is willing to easily forget his past, and especially to turn his back on his young black friend of ten years, to be the new spokesman for the Church. This does not make sense, since the principle is our principle. It is this sudden and loose change of character, together with an abrupt reversal to the hardened form, obsessed with DeNiro (like his Taxi Driver character), who is able to fight against the villains. A noble attempt of the filmmakers, but that finally reveals itself as something that is not serious. <br /> <br /> The other characters are also quite annoying and what we are forced to recognize is too easy: the psychotic paranoia of the Church leader, the interested actress girlfriend (the first girlfriend that Bronson has when she is in Los Angeles), and the new blonde girlfriend whose character lacks so much development, she is, for the most part, just a walk, talk empty. We are supposed to see them only in fleeting moments when something random forces us to make assumptions about the characters. But there really is very little development of any of them. <br /> <br /> The other problem with this movie is the amount of ungodly time the characters are involved in very small and important actions. Much of the beginning refers to the introduction of the characters, obviously, and then we see the difficulties of Bronson to enter the acting scene of L.A. and the frustrations that arise from constant rejection. But after he voluntarily changes his appearance and personality to be accepted, there is at least twenty minutes or thirty minutes of wasted film in which very little of everything passes. <br /> <br /> For films that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, this was not done with enough credibility.
