Today I found "They All Laughed" on VHS for sale on a rental. It was a very old VHS and very used, I had no information about this film, but I liked the references on its cover: the names of Peter Bogdanovich, Audrey Hepburn, John Ritter and especially Dorothy Stratten attracted me, the price was very high Low and I decided to take a chance and buy it. I searched in IMDb, and the user rating of 6.0 was an excellent reference. I looked at "Mick Martin & Marsha Porter Video & DVD Guide 2003" and ?? Wow ?? four stars! Then, I decided that I could not waste more time and immediately see it. In fact, I just finished watching "They All Laughed" and I thought it was an overrated and very boring movie. The characters are poorly developed and I spent many minutes understanding their roles in the story. The plot is supposed to be fun (private eyes that fall in love with the women who are chasing), but I have not laughed throughout the story. The coincidences, in a big city like New York, are ridiculous. Ben Gazarra as an attractive and very seductive man, with women who fall in love with him as if he were a Brad Pitt, Antonio Banderas or George Clooney, is quite ridiculous. In the end, the most important attractions are undoubtedly the presence of the central page of Playboy and the playmate of the year, Dorothy Stratten, murdered by her husband long after the release of this film, and whose life was shown in "Star 80 "and" Death of a Supermodel: The Story of Dorothy Stratten "; the amazing beauty of the sexy Patti Hansen, the future Mrs. Keith Richards; the always wonderful, even being fifty-two years old, Audrey Hepburn; and the song "Amigo", by Roberto Carlos. Although I do not like it, Roberto Carlos has been the most popular Brazilian singer since the late 60s and is called by his fans as "The King". I will keep this film in my collection only because of these attractions (the male Dorothy Stratten). My vote is four. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Muito Riso e Muita Alegria" ("Many laughs and lots of happiness")
