It really started the 80s trend of disgusting violence masquerading as a "horror movie". I was the target audience for this repellent piece of junk and I was disgusted as now. <br /> <br /> Oh, where do we start? Let's see, the configuration: you can make people come back to life if they died a violent death. So that ridiculously weak premise is the excuse to kill butchers in a horrible way, because, well, that's necessary for them to come back to life! This could have worked if played at the top for the black laughs in the Re-Animator or something like that. But no, it's played directly. There is a whole terrified family in a car that is being chased, one of the few scenes at least where its disappearance is off the screen. However, almost everything else is on screen. Actually, there is a scene in which a zombie girl hits and kills a young woman who walks by her side, who shoot her and smile with several cameras. Then, there is a close-up of his face as the filmmakers reveal lovingly and over time consumed in the lapse of time photography that his beaten face is carved into a skull and rebuilt to make it look "normal" again. This is done, of course, by a slumming Jack Albertson as being responsible for all this. He likes to drive in an ambulance / car that plays the old melodies of Tommy Dorcey, I guess he's supposed to be cute. <br /> <br /> In the end, of course, even the Sheriff is not dead and the doctor offers kindly. to fix your rotten hands. It is not clear why the Sheriff is not out with the other local people killing children with joy and cutting their faces, sticking needles in the eyes of burn victims, etc. I wonder, I really wonder what people will see in a geek show like this to give you any kind of qualification. It is not scary, the turns are ridiculous and, in general, they are quite sick. It's not even well enough done to "see it in a challenge" or enjoy yourself on a level where you can see a bad HG Lewis movie. It's just a terrible crap, made for people who get rid of this kind of mindless gore, and made by people who work for a paycheck. <br /> <br /> It's sad that Albertson was involved.
