I'll probably get a lot of criticism for hating this movie, I guess I did not approach it with the nostalgia of the wet eyes of the generation before me. But suffice it to say that San Elmo's Fire was quite fantastic, even in regards to the Brat Pack movies. <br /> <br /> Here is another charming example of the smug and self-indulgent neurosis that it is. all 80s (RENTAL, someone?) The plot is virtually nonexistent and the philosophies are, at best, malicious, badly presented the rest of the time. The complete lack of anything that resembles sympathetic characters does not help the situation. There really was no growth, no movement forward. Even the scene of climate suicide was effectively neutralized by refusing once again to let death or anything resembling reality or adult life enter. <br /> <br /> Each person who cuts cookies simply tries to make you hate them in the most bland and predictable way. possible way The Stalker is a wretch for no other reason than a Stalker and Andie MacDowell is magnificent. The Jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind you that he is, well, an imbecile. The Gorgeous Slut hides a really deep and moving pain with a wild lifestyle. The poet is encouraged and moved by a full 3/4 of the movie until he can reveal (!) That it is actually full of teddy bears, sun and rainbows. The Virgin finally becomes a full and happy human being after each of the wishes of the Virgin of a hot roll in the jacket with a Jackass before he leaves her really changes (really this time). The Cheating Bastard cheats until it's time to catch him. And finally, the Feminist gives a bath of holy water to any soul that expresses a "commitment". <br /> <br /> Which brings me to my last problem: what link of supercement kept these people as friends? I can not imagine being with only one of them. Now think of the vortex created by all that narcissism centered in a bar. And they were all so terrible to each other: heads in the toilets, near the rape and sleeping around with each person. The cherry was after two BFFs acted as total baboons after fucking the Feminist, she says: "Um, I do not really want to be with either of us anymore, let's be friends! And we can hang out in a totally unpleasant way every day knowing that I can connect with one or the other at a given point, but neither of them is satisfied enough to commit (IT IS NOT THE WORD!). " And they all smile as if they were saying, "Golly, gee, I never thought about that, what a great idea!" <br /> <br /> Only it is not. A little bit in the way you're watching this movie, no.
