This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not watch this movie, but if you insist on wasting time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are Brothers and Sisters; living together in the eyes of everyone else as husband and wife. No sex, but above all else. At the beginning, the film begins with its theme: "the most absurd thing in the most absurd moment with which you guessed the most absurd reactions". Gray and Sam decided to visit the dog park with a borrowed dog. Instead of pressuring his brother to get the skinny of the first woman they see for him, she does it and also answers the most delicate questions. When she tells her brother to come, they start a three-way appointment. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of your dreams, like all the right things, etc. The final of Sam hits Gray in the head and the couple finishes the date with a proposal of marriage! That Charlie accepts! In a week, Charlie, Gray and Sam will be in Las Vegas. In the next week, Charlie and Gray are not going to buy wedding dresses (apparently, Charlie has a removable figure). Gray is sipping a coffee with ice milk when Charlie suggests that Gray also try on some dresses and pull out a $ 10,000 dress. While Charlie catches her in this "down payment at home" dress, Gray continues to sip coffee with milk (I swear it was like a feeding bag). What should happen but 'woops!' Latte all over the dress. It is never explained how they left Bloomingdale's bridal salon without a $ 10,000 mocha dress. Back to reality' ?? The palace of cesar las vegas They have the 'skating room' (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist Do they get all this money?) Gray kicks Sam into the single room at the end of the hall so that she and Charlie they can have a degree. Drink-a-thon was, you guessed it, they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nothing. They arrive at the wedding chapel and just as the Reverend comes to his line "If there is anyone here who has any objection to the union of these two lovers," Gray has hiccups. Gray apologizes, for some reason, the Reverend must repeat his last line and again in the queue 'hiccup'. Gray returns to New York and starts dating any man he knows, literally. And of course one is what you guessed again! Gay The other is a jerk and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is hurt with Gray but the feelings are not returned. They become great friends. This is good because when she clears up with Sam about the kiss. He explodes and throws her out of his apartment. When Sam reconsiders, he goes to his office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is right in the middle of the twilight zone. It has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that transmit to all the computer monitors of the agency. Sam takes Gray to one of the conference rooms for a not-so-private conversation and ends up taking her to the entire office. This is where I doubt there was a gay man or lesbian in the crew: Gordy comes to rescue her and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. "Sorry, not men," says the doorman. So Gray and Gordy come back with Gordy in the drag. Bad drag. She wore a sleeveless black satin blouse, a pearl necklace, and a grandmother's church hat. No lesbian would confuse this "dressed man" as a drag queen, let alone a woman. The bar was also the heterosexual man's fantasy of what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything goes well peachy? She goes home with the client of her company. It happens that Gray is in the account of the woman and finally does more than kiss. For some reason, nobody tells Charlie anything and she does not realize throughout the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but that is for the sequel.
