I had to get out of this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... after having gone through the phase of dejection and out of sheer boredom. What really horrifies me, really bothers me, is that there are people who refer to this aimless nonsense as "charming" or "must see". I would feel deep sorrow for those so afflicted were it not for the clear impression that most of the positive comments about this shallow and humorless farce were written by industry plants. <br /> <br /> The truth is that this is a scanty movie. That does not do anything to entertain or enlighten. It is decidedly not funny, it is badly written and it has all the rhythm and energy of canned and canned cold rice. To be nice to Mrs. Kramer, the best I can say is that it was a missed opportunity, for having read the synopsis before seeing it, I expected something more challenging. Possible misunderstandings of close dependence between brothers and sisters, the unexpected awakening of "brotherly" sexuality and the comic potential in such sibling rivalry (for the girl's affections) were obvious themes for a refreshing comic exploration, but that at each step, the film moves away frustratingly from it. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is subject to a serpentine series of uninspired and insipidly drawn situations, with cliché characterizations and boring performances by a cast that struggles to believe and obviously in We need a much more closed direction. The lack of control of direction seems amazing; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek offer very pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon, the latter in particular, lean towards excessive overcompensation at times. One could blame the director for this, perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors act in an exaggerated way, they will force a bigger laugh from the audience. But, again, the cast is a veteran; one would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what kind of movies she wants to make and for whom. Given the possible problems Gray Matters alludes to, and given their inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, perhaps you should consider writing dramas. I know it's never easy to make movies about women and women's issues, especially when you expect to reach a wider audience than women alone, but whichever direction you take, weak and inconsequential characters like Gray are not going to cut the mustard .
