Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted brothers who share an apartment and fall in love with many things: ballroom dancing, musicals from the 1940s and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) . Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by her new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters proves to be one of the most bland movies I've ever seen. It is boring, predictable, without grace, badly acted and poorly written. None of that felt real and everything was very cheesy. Also, this is not really a romantic comedy with a special touch, but rather a "coming out" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half pretty with romantic things and the second half would be with the real acceptance and the starting part. Unfortunately, she failed miserably. The first half was pretty funny and only Heather Graham could take it a bit. Then, the movie took an uncomfortable tone and became serious. The serious scenes were handled badly and all the emotions felt false. <br /> <br /> I suppose I would have liked the movie a bit more if the relationships between the characters felt more authentic. The relationship between brothers and sisters was very weak and they did not really seem so close. Their relationship just did not feel very natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Bridget felt very unnatural. If two people are getting married after knowing each other for less than a week, then I would expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters talked about getting married in Las Vegas in the same way they ask a waiter what the special offers are . . There was a lack of enthusiasm in the film and it was difficult to get involved in the movie with such unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> The performance was mostly weak, which was a bit surprising given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the movie. She was funny and had some lovely scenes, but it's a shame that all her castmates were completely fake. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance sounded false on all levels. Also, it seemed that she was reading her lines. Thomas Cavanagh was quite wooden and had almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was nonexistent and that damaged the film because their relationship felt false. Usually, I can trust that Molly Shannon will be funny in a supporting role, but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and was upset at both. Finally, Alan Cumming had a shameful character and his performance was not very good. In general, Gray Matters is an unconvincing movie and is not worth seeing. Rating 3/10
