When watching a movie as foolish as 'Hot Rod', should one sit down, relax and alter one's intellectual capacity to a similar state? which is, in this case, a state foolish enough to support a brainless nonsense that has somehow been mistaken for comedy. With a brief execution time of 88 minutes, this movie went on and hid under a lot of repetitive jokes. Jokes that came in a minority and that were not even fun in the first place. The material base of 'Hot Rod' is as superficial and irrelevant as the cult success 'Napoleon Dynamite' of 2004, although it is much more artificial and comes without ANY of laughter. In fact, the flagrant desperation of the film to compare itself with 'Napoleon Dynamite' is disdainful and offensive, and it left me angry, instead of just annoying it. <br /> <br /> The film, if one was compelled enough to call it as such, raises an insignificant story that puts the self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble before us, with the insignificant intention of jumping fifteen buses ( one more than his idol, Evel Knievel jumped, so Rod tells us) and raise $ 50,000 dollars for his imminent heart operation to save the stepfather's life; Everything so that he can fight with his stepfather, once recovered, and earn his respect? because to gain respect, you must first fight against them. Eh Whatever. Each character is no more interesting than Rod's beaten mustache, and from the opening prank of the film to its ridiculous conclusion, each scene was interpreted as a meaningless SNL caricature and terribly unfunny. which, with the addition of 85 additional minutes, is essentially what 'Hot Rod' strives to be. <br /> <br /> The protagonist of the film, Andy Samberg, contributed with an effort to the screen that, evidently, exerted until the end. Dripping of their comic abilities. Unfortunately ?? Rather, realistically? his talented humorists are no more admirable than a five-year-old who retells his own exhausted joke that somewhere includes innocent poop and pee-pee gags. And if that's disappointing, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands and get ready for the real hit: IT'S THE MOOD OF THE FILM! To rescue them from their mortification, I will willingly omit the hideous role of the Samberg co-stars and leave the second third of The Lonely Island's team, director Akiva Schaffer, to their non-existent talent as a director. or a comedian. Basically, everything one could do to trample on a first-class comedy is perfectly represented here; and done arrogantly, as if the movie were more fun that way. To deceive you to believe that there is even a laugh in this pile, or to give you another movie? Any other movie
