This movie can not decide if its message is "humans are bad and bad and animals are sweet and without guilt" or "do not go back into the water". A fisherman (Nolan) wants to catch a killer whale, something very bad, but when accidentally (ACCIDENTALLY mark) you hit a pregnant cow instead of your partner, the cow - and I use the word in every way - which is obviously a sick psycho-bitch and the canonical villain of the piece: he throws himself against the propellers that try to bite the piece in the most anguished and horrible way, not to mention the ineffective method of killing himself. (I doubt it was his first time). When his unborn fetus aborts his horrible self-inflicted wounds, his partner becomes mentally revengeful and swears to hurt, kill and maim all humans who even talk to Nolan. Obviously, as among humans, total psychopaths date to other total psychopaths. <br /> <br /> The movie reeks of a half-humanly thought-out message, "The poor whale! Evil men must suffer and die!" and, nevertheless, it does not manage to demonize Nolan at all. It is true that, when he expounded, his motives were selfish and cruel, but at the first shriek of the first whale a heart grows and, as the film progresses, he becomes more and more compassionate with the pain of the whale until it seems that he goes for a walk. on the ice and surrender to the whale, to make it feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The final journey of the film, in which Nolan follows the whale on a strange trip north, reminds me of Melville's creepy man-whale connection, and for a moment hinted at a conclusion really interesting, where these two spouses could connect, understand each other even respect each other in their own pain, since Nolan lost his wife and son not yet born by accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels for its loss. However, it never goes there. The character of the whale has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses this focus and becomes something like a jaw where the sea monster finally kills everyone and Nolan, and certainly through carelessness, fails. to bite the whaler (although he made a good snap with his head a little earlier). I love animals, and I hate whaling, and what's more, I love orcas, but if the objective of this film was to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and detestable, it failed because full. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for others, and all the whale thinks is killing and maiming. <br /> <br /> The only message one can get away with is "If you see an orca whale, anywhere, anywhere, run to the other side because if you step on your FIN incorrectly, it will chase you to the ends of the earth, destroying everything around you. "
