Many have claimed that Orca ?? Killer Whale is a Jaws scam. This is not really true, although the enormous commercial success of Jaws undoubtedly made these men .vs. Stories of beasts: more attractive proposals for filmmakers in the second half of the 70s. Orca ?? Killer Whale would best be described as a modern retread of Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, the obsessive search for a whale to avenge the death of its mate; in the other, the obsessive search of a bounty hunter for killing the whale before it can claim more lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale emerges a very disappointing film, its fundamentally interesting ideas, somewhat ruined by the hammy interpretations and the absurd conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Shark hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets a marine life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) on ​​the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a great white shark, but a killer whale arrives just in time to stop the shark. After this, Nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing a killer whale and selling it in an aquarium. But his plans are counterproductive when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of the species while the anguished male observes. Rachel tells Nolan that a killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a memory and strong feelings like a human. Worse yet, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember his pain and will do everything possible to avenge himself. Initially, Nolan tries to forget all the unfortunate incident, but the whale wreaks havoc on the fishing village and the disgruntled locals begin to demand that Nolan throw himself into the sea to track him down and destroy him. Eventually, Nolan is forced to pursue the killer whale. The hunt leads to the desolate ice floes of the Arctic Ocean, where man and beast play their last fatal battle with each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this movie. One is the unforgettable score of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the best film music composer of all time, his talent was wasted in several clunkers of tenth rhythm during the 70s and 80s). The other is Ted Moore's incredible wide-screen photography, which makes the film always pleasing to the eye. In any other department, Orca? Killer Whale is a shoddy movie that does nothing to improve the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris appears extremely ill throughout the film, with disheveled hair, black rings around the eyes and pale skin. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling has many sexy poses, but fails to convince with his long and ill-informed explanations about the shapes of the whales. The rest of the actors are wasted on brief and underdeveloped papers, the most memorable of which sees Bo Derek get his leg bitten by the vengeful whale. The plot is total nonsense from beginning to end, with sequences as absurd as the whale deliberately initiating a fire in the fishing village that engulfs and destroys the local refinery! Although it is credible to suppose that whales are intelligent creatures with genuine emotions, the idea that a whale can plan revenge against a single human adversary and carry it out so calculated is completely absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is really one of the completistas of man .vs. Beasts cycle of the late 70s. Most will come out of the movie shaking their heads in disbelief and grinding their teeth in despair.
