Orca begins as the crusty Captain of the Irish Sea Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew tries to capture a great white shark to be able to sell it for a lot of money, unfortunately when a hapless marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) is attacked from there. Shark is killed by a killer whale, which increases Nolan's interest in killer whales and decides he wants to catch one of them. However, while trying to do so, he catches a pregnant woman and hurts her to the extent that she aborts her fetus on the deck, which makes a disaster and infuriates her partner, Nolan orders the whale to be returned to the sea, What's happening. The male killer whale is upset to say the least and kills one of Nolan's crew members before reaching the dry land of Newfoundland in Canada, once the killer whale makes a series of attacks on the city and his people in an effort to attract Nolan. in the sea to fight to the death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought this flagrant scam was terrible, I'm sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and completely boring even at a modest 90 odd minutes . The script by producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati is so stupid that I miss the words, the fact that it seems to be taken very seriously does not help, and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, I continue to talk about how smart killer whales are. Only once more will I scream. I'm sorry, but I just do not think a killer whale is smart enough to know who owns a particular boat and sinks it, I do not think a killer whale can cause a big bang, like hitting an oil lantern on a wall on the opposite side it hits, since there is no way on earth to know it was there, I do not think a killer whale can identify someone's house, know that someone is there and destroy it on purpose, I do not think a killer whale can move icebergs to catch a boat, I do not think killer whales can physically recognize people and I do not think they have any instinct for revenge or at least none that is as strong as this silly movie does. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh, I mean it's just a movie after all, but it's a movie that tries to be serious and things got so ridiculous that I almost expected the Killer Whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him plan and his hand (or should that be?) deliver it, the thing seemed smart enough to do anything else. They should have asked him to create a cure for the common cold! Seriously, that's a claim that is not as far-fetched as anything else in this movie. The film seemed very boring, totally boring and had horrible characters without screen presence. Needless to say, this is a Jaws scam (1975) that does not even come close to the Spielberg classic. <br /> <br /> Principal Anderson is not Spielberg, that's for sure, this garbage has absolutely no suspense. Fear, tension or atmosphere at all. All the attack scenes are as boring as dishwashing water and totally forgettable, they are not built for them and have virtually no reward, since Orca can not eat a single person. Then there are the scenes that literally made me laugh, the shots of Killer Whale that seem to cry are pure comedy and the initial scenes of the two Killer Whales that I suspect tried to show them as a 'loving' and 'affectionate' couple, but I could not. Do not help, but think that this is the closest we can get to Killer Whale porn, fun things. The images of the killer whales themselves are dull and boring, instead of the images that combine and improve the scenes around them, they only look like images of wildlife documentaries that have little connection with anything else. Do you have the impression that I do not like this movie? Good. Forget about any bloody or decent death, there is a brief scene in which Bo Derek has his legs bitten but blinks and you will miss it. <br /> <br /> This probably had a pretty big budget and it still sucks. Orca has nothing exceptional, I guess it is well done, but flat, tasteless and totally forgettable. Although the cinematography is pretty beautiful. The acting is bad, Rampling is horrible and Harris's Irish accent is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a shy jaw scam that completely ignores or messes up everything that made Spielberg's movie so good, this is One for bad film lovers everywhere. It is definitely not recommended, although it is not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
