I've seen this movie on the Hallmark channel recently. In my opinion, the movie started decent enough, but eventually it got bitter. <br /> <br /> The story: a US soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that a woman from the US UU He has sent the troops for Christmas. He feels so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels it has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When permission is given, he goes to the same town where the woman lives. He meets a brave young woman and finally discovers that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and after saving his father (a veteran of the Vietnam War) from being hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We learn that he does not have a family at home. The soldier is committed to helping the family during the Christmas season by working with them in their logging company. The family comes to love him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the daughter of the family, the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she is in love with. It is also a long distance relationship. The groom is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and trips to France instead of forced labor and the outdoors. The woman prefers the latter. Throughout the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle" when the woman's boyfriend is back in the city and visits her for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want the daughter to be with the soldier and the mother basically wants the best for her. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman likes the soldier more, since they have much in common. They spend a lot of time together. She gradually feels attracted to him. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him back. Now she is so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him someday, but she is very fond of the soldier. Very soon, the groom (who does not know about the kiss, but is very protective of the woman and believes that the soldier has been trying to get close to her) decides to propose to the woman and she accepts. Her plans for her marriage, however, are not plans she wants. He wants to be at home, have children and be close to his family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places and, if they have children, he wants to take them. This does not sound too exciting for the woman. However, the soldier feels bad for what he has done and does not want to make things worse. Then, he decides to leave the city, despite the fact that the father urged him to stay and be with his daughter. Everything comes to a head when, in the Christmas Eve service with the Church, we discover that the soldier has not yet left. The boyfriend and the wife talk to each other outside and he, with a broken heart, basically decides to let her go and breaks up with her. The film ends with the woman and the soldier together. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I like the soldier throughout much of the movie. He is basically kind and polite, with a strong sense of doing good to others; there are times when the family goes with the Church and participates in charitable causes; the family holds hands and prays during dinner at the table; the father and the mother have a lasting and evidently healthy marriage; the soldier tries to do the right thing in a situation after he has done something very bad <br /> <br /> Things that I do not like: there is a very typical "love triangle" story in this movie; the soldier becomes bitter when he slowly and subtly approaches the woman and, finally, kisses her when he already has a boyfriend; the majority of the family applauds practically this behavior: the family goes with the Church and participates in the services; however, this is how they act; there is a bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed as the movie continued and got worse and worse. I ended up moving quickly to the end of the movie because I had enough. Then, the movie started decently with some moments of gems, but ended up ruining itself. Therefore, I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
