This is a fascinating film, especially for movie buffs and old historians (I am both). During the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, black Americans were not allowed to enter white theaters. As a result, the theaters that serve the black public wanted to show films that reflected the black experience and that showed black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially similar to the plot of the standard Hollywood fare, but with a much, much lower budget, and generally horrible production values. You can not really blame the filmmakers: they just did not have the money or resources available to the average film company. As a result, they had to overcome much less, including excessive dependence on common actors who saw themselves again and again, there is no money to re-record scenes and the need to make movies FAST. This film attempted to be a black version of a Gene Autry film, starring Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a light-skinned man of mixed descent and starred in several similar cowboy movies. In each one, sing a little, fight a little (although VERY bad) and love a little: everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was indisputable from a picture of Autry, complete with anachronistic elements like telephones in the West! The problem is that despite its similarities, the low budget shines. Stymie (of Li'l Rascals) collapsed a few lines, but they just left it, the fight scenes were totally uncoreographed and they were among the worst films filmed, there were some holes in the plot, there was no background music (leaving The movie was strangely quiet) and the acting was pretty horrible. <br /> <br /> Now, this does NOT mean that the movie is not worth watching, just that it is technical problems that prevent you from getting a higher score. A critic, curiously, got this movie with a 10! How this can be with all the problems is beyond me. However, I can understand a person who likes the movie despite its many problems. In general, the plot is quite good, the characters are nice, the musical numbers are excellent and you know that the people who made the film tried very hard and it is a very important piece of American history. But a 10? <br /> <br /> By the way, in a bit of casting, the very tall, thin, almost white-skinned Jefferies are paired with the Mantan Moreland short, chubby and exceptionally dark ... just like his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams can be familiar. He played Andy on TV "Amos' and Andy."
