Although there are some fragments in this 4-part documentary that suggest the need for a reform of the recreational drug law, they are not very well developed, in contrast to the many fragments of those who believe that drugs that are currently illegal are a plague. which the only solution imaginable is the imprisonment of even those who are guilty even of the mere possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program, taken together, leaves the viewer with the impression that the war on drugs is largely a futile exercise and a waste of money, and therefore deserves some praise, almost nothing in This documentary addresses the very real problems that the total war against those who simply possess illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to the very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you that, if asked, they believe that the war on drugs It is designed to solve. For example, while many minutes are devoted to the increase in violence associated with the growing popularity of crack cocaine in the 1980s, at no time does this program suggest that the same laws designed to suppress cocaine make it impossible for drug sellers Enforce their contracts and commercial agreements in the courts, which forces them to resort to violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing laws as a major cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to be the most guilty. Inexplicably, the prohibition of alcohol, the violence that followed and the subsequent reversal of the prohibition, are totally ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help to perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and it is these who are the main force in driving the war against drugs very expensive and very problematic. The possibility of incorporating other drugs other than alcohol in a happy and successful life is not really mentioned. The use of any drug in excess will probably cause personal problems, but not all users consume their drugs in excess, just as not all alcoholics are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want someone's point of view Who believes that adults have the moral right not to be imprisoned and their life is ruined by the criminal justice system just for the use of drugs that the government , for primarily arbitrary political reasons instead of reasons based on sound social policies and legitimate science, have you decided? to totally ban, whose users have decided not to wage a war not so metaphorically, just forget it. None of that is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is hardly in the anti-drug propaganda category. It is mainly an interesting drug story presented in a neutral form in the United States of the 20th century, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is a significant element of the views of several people with respect to drug laws, and most (but not all) of that is not very thoughtful or well informed and is biased in favor of the anti-drug warrior mentality, especially with respect to drugs. Apart from marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with its often severe sanctions that ruin life, is obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate response to every social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of unidentified disease whose main symptoms are a lack of imagination with respect to social policy when it comes to certain drugs, a lack of compassion for other human beings, a prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, perhaps a personal interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and a horrible apathy with respect to human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or incarcerate people, unless you have a very good reason to do so, and the mere possession of a group of drugs arbitrarily selected is not such a reason. This is really the main problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in short, the parts of this program that present the story in a neutral manner without feeding the drug users who are in the heart of the war on drugs mentality is pretty good, interesting and entertaining. But when it comes to presenting a non-radical rational point of view regarding drug policy, and giving the viewer examples not only of people with drug problems, but also of the many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy lives And successful, it's quite disappointing. .
