For years, Madonna has tried to prove not only herself, but also the public, that she can act. Unfortunately, trying too hard when you can not get rid of your own person does not mix well. <br /> <br /> It seems that she is doing better when she is NOT the star of any movie: if you see her in the supporting performances in DESPERATELY LOOKING FOR SUSAN (1985) or THE LEAGUE OF HER OWN (1992), she is actually looks good. Since the story revolves around other actors, the weight of expectation is removed from their shoulders by default. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when you are asked to be the protagonist of a movie, regardless of the genre. Being the focus of a plot that needs to be told in a visual way, whether it's good, mediocre or just plain horrible, it has to broadcast in a way similar to that of a real movie instead of a video one. This is the crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film failed (because the visual narrative lacked some effectiveness for us to relate to her, or because the script was not enough or because the actress per se was not in her time), there would be something extra in her performances that would elevate the film to be a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep have had their share: Bette, who has a longer career than Streep, in BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there has been that naturalism in the way that both attacked their roles that made us forget the banality of the film and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, is not a specially gifted actress capable of really letting us talk about her ability to transmit a person other than herself, the rates are much worse, and even in the hands of someone as Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, she in her screen time seems to be affected. and a little stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she knew about the cameras and the equipment and could not let it go. <br /> <br /> So here you try once again to show that you can act on what is. Essentially a movie of two characters. Guy Ritchie, best known for action films full of masculine energy, seems to drift by telling a story closer to someone like Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell the story of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes, the events that take place happen so unconvincingly that when the final half hour arrives and the story takes a dramatic turn, it does not feel sincere. From being an absolute witch without redeeming values ​​to falling in love suddenly, this has to be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn since Laura de Fay Dunaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Equally unconvincing is the unpleasant turn of Adriano Giannini in the middle of the film (he lacks humor and feels genuinely psychopathic) and when he indulges in Madonna's love, he is too quick to believe it. Filming this in slow music and a visual montage of sexual relationships and beautiful landscapes does not improve or add to this "transformation" of what would have been a survival story between unpleasant characters and a love story in which both discover each other. <Br /> <br /> Trying to have an unsatisfactory ending also works against the movie: it just makes it drag, it gets stuck and when Madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a tight close-up, she feels that He is trying too hard. Many actresses have found it better to transmit so much doing so little. His is a more appropriate performance for the acting styles of the late 20's, early 30's, where the posture is compensated as a part or an emotion. <br /> <br /> Could the movie have been better? Of course. There are many ways to have it filmed so that the viewer has the feeling that these people could at least wait to see each other again, for example, this was done before, in OVERBOARD (1987). It could have had an existential background in which two very different people have to depend on each other but not necessarily change (to guarantee a moral tone). Much dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been saved for a more "silent" aspect of the film, as in PERSON (1966). It could even have been a kind of thriller, provided that the character Giannini has a bad streak as Billy Zane had done in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it had been done as a sexual farce, it would have worked better for Madonna as the exaggerated super control freak getting her comeuppance. But with his marbled humor, without at least a glimpse that his character has a softer side that hides behind a mask of evil, and without really defining Giannini's own character, this becomes another flaw in trying to look a battle of the sexes.
