I almost saw him in a real cinema (an art theater, no less!) But I could not do it there in the only week he played, but yesterday I finally saw him on the wire and ... well .... I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna has done it again: ALREADY PUMP! When will this woman learn? When will you learn the studies? (Or maybe they have already done it, since this movie was largely abandoned, with little fanfare and deadly mouth to mouth). One would expect that the direction of her talented husband, who has created an interesting and / or terribly entertaining work, brings the same quality that Madonna showed in "Desperately looking for Susan"; unfortunately, it is not meant to be, because here it is, at its worst: singularly convinced of its own greatness, the sufficiency that permeates every frame in which it finds itself, becomes even more unbearable because of its uncertain false British accent, an accent which only underscores the fact that his speaking voice is immature in quality and not particularly pleasant. This may seem unnecessarily cruel, but LISTEN to the woman, and LOOK at her films of, say, the past decade: like a Bette Davis of recent days, there is an unmistakable fragility not only of her car but of her own face and body, that here, despite the warm photograph shown throughout the film (perhaps his only salvation), no favor is done. To her credit, the whole thing is so badly done that one wonders if the best actress in the world on her best day could do something with this mess. Nobody involved escapes unharmed: Bruce Greenwood actually seems to hurt to be on the screen, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to behave as if it really was something good, which made me think all the time: "Denial is not just a river. Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, star of the Italian original "Swept Away ...", is, like his father before him, immensely attractive, and not bad at all (despite having won the Razzie nomination "Worst Actor"), but, like almost everything else in this production, everything returns to Madonna, on whose shoulders lies the guilt. Because she? Why not your husband, director Guy Ritchie? Who do you think was behind this remake? What actress would not want almost all the shots of a movie to be centered on her, with only one relative who does not share the screen? Oh, sure, Ritchie deserves some guilt: surely he, or someone, ANYONE! - He owed, and could have, taken his leadership to one side and insisted on something that borders the REAL SENSE on his line readings (because his performance is so cunning that it's a surprise that the rest of the cast did not get splinters), or at least an appearance of warmth ... but it seems resistant to being anything but a cinematic black hole. Beyond anything else, this is strictly a vanity project for your star, so she is ultimately responsible for it. A movie like this, a "strange couple", the war of the classes, should be light and fun, with potential clients that can bounce off each other with an ingenious, even romantic dialogue, because what else can a movie make whose plot Does it involve two? disparate people stranded, really be? Honestly, I do not think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying; It does not succeed either as a comedy (I challenge you to laugh even once) or romance (Madonna's ice princess routine excludes ANY chemistry) It's not even bad enough for lovers of bad movies to enjoy. A real pity ...
