Unless I'm sadly wrong, I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 several years ago and had a music video, I'm pretty sure it was called Dream Warriors, in the end, and I rented this on a DVD with the hope that the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things I've seen in my life. It's amazing how the 80's things are so funny now, but nothing is more fun than the rap videos of the 80's. There was a rap group that sang the song Dream Warriors in the VHS version of this movie after the credits, and everyone dresses like shirtless denim jackets underneath and forms tight jeans shorts that are worn at the bottom like Daisy Dukes. What could make a rap group look more foolish than I can imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) Anyway, I was disappointed to look for that video in the DVD version, so all I had was this mediocre Presentation in the Freddy Krueger series. The type of film begins with the same idea as in part 2, where the main character witnesses all kinds of horrifying murders and then leaves the trance and finds his hands bloodied. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house in which Nancy Thompson lived, then runs to the bathroom, the handles of the sink turn into Freddy's hands and attack her, and then she wakes up standing in her bathroom cutting it. own dolls From there, the film becomes the usual installation of the psychiatric hospital. <br /> <br /> `Larry 'Fishburne, tired of always playing the bad guy in his papers, was happy to take on the role in this movie as a nice, orderly, stern but complacent guy when patients want to bend the rules It's not surprising that I delivered the best performance in the film in leaps and bounds. Then, Arquette became a consummate actress, but had not perfected her acting skills when she starred in this film. Most of the characters in the film are all patients in the psychiatric hospital in which Kristen is placed after cutting her wrists. All of them are cynical and uncooperative, almost none believe that they really belong there. Finally, they realize and are able to convince the staff that they are all dreaming of the same man and it is not just a kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp has returned in her famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time growing into a dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she can relate quickly to the hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, since she experienced exactly what they are going through. There are some interesting murders in this installment, and the technology used for special effects has taken a big leap. There is a giant, similar to a worm, Freddy trying to swallow Kristen, there is a scene in which a television becomes Freddy and with mechanical arms picks up one of the patients for an evening entertainment and punishes her for being very near. to television, but there is also an unconvincing scene of movement in motion in which a couple of guys fight with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who has been rotting in the trunk of some car in a junkyard. And one of the most inductive scenes was in which Freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream (the one famous for sleepwalking), tearing the muscles and tendons off his arms and legs and guiding him like a puppet. Auch. <br /> <br /> In this installment we take a look at Freddy's past. Not only do we know his mother, but we also discover the circumstances that led Freddy to be fathered by more than 100 maniacs. When fighting against Freddy, the patients unite and, in their dreams, use their special powers (most of which reflect their defects in real life) to fight against him. A student, tied to a wheelchair, can walk in his dreams, another has the funny powers of what he calls the "Master of Magicians", another is "beautiful and bad" (she has a lot of makeup, her hair is raised ) a Mohawk one foot tall, and she has knives). Intelligent, but the film fails when it only has one of the patients, the one who can not speak, has no power in his dreams until the climax of the film, when he suddenly realizes that he can speak in his dreams (in Just the right time to save the day). His power of dreams was too obvious to have been left out so long, but collectively, now you see why the movie was subtitled Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is not a totally weak entry in the world. series. The acting is pretty bad, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne overshadows the rest of the cast, showing wonderful acting skills at the beginning of his career, and is not the film simply a repetition of either of the first two? A problem that plagues the movies on Friday the 13th much more than the Elm Street movies. The characters have never been developed enough to allow the subsequent creation of much tension, so that most deaths come more as creative ways to kill someone in a horror movie than to the tragic loss of life of one of the characters that we have come to know and encourage his triumph over evil. But, again, not many horror films take the time to really develop their characters to the point where you throw your hands in defeat when they are killed, or are on the edge of your seat as they run for their lives. But is it important to keep in mind that the few horror films that do that are almost invariably the best?
