THE NIGHT THAT EVELYN CAME OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy, 1971). <br /> <br /> I only saw this delirious piece of Euro-tosh in the way of the terrible DVD release of Alpha Video (it seems a very bad video transfer), but from what I saw, not interesting enough to Buy the recent release of No Shame on DVD. Given its excellent track record, it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous releases. And do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it's not taken from this movie (a girl holding the head of a Jim Carrey impersonator). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western Star Anthony Steffen sports is a hip hairstyle and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man harassed by the memory of his late wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that has him held in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham channels this trauma by bringing redheaded prostitutes to his castle in the countryside, subjecting them to vicious acts of torture. Her doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what does it mean that Italian horror names sound "invented?"), Advises her to forget the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a session in the castle. Finally, after killing some more girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife generates a series of sinister events. Bloodthirsty creatures beat Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Increasingly anguished, Cunningham visits Evelyn's grave and discovers that it is empty. Soon, a series of "strangers" begin to suspect that something strange is happening in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment might not have been so successful after all. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tries to mix the Gothic horror with Giallo Convenciones with limited success. As usual, no effort was made to convince the public that the film takes place in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, they all look very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is obviously Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they just take it a little too far. The bad impression made this even more bearable, since it is very dark, anyway you could not see much of the environment. But, again, this is the kind of movie where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and representing reality is not really the problem. A large part consists of scenes of sado-masochistic torture in the torture chamber of the castle, but most of the time, Anthony Steffen works his way through this and shows a horrible excess of action. I guess everything depends on your mental state and this can be funny nonsense if you're in the right frame of mind. I just could not stand it, at least not with the impression I saw. However, Bruno Nicolai got a nice rating that combines easy listening melodies with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
