I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue getting married more than me, when she first came out in 1986, with all the hype. Somehow I found the character of Nic Cage unpleasant. Very unpleasant. Then the plot did not seem to make sense. Then, at the end of the credits, the question came to mind: what point was this movie making? What was he saying? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, in any case. I really do not think that this movie aims to make a statement; Unless it's "your life is your life, you're going to make the same mistakes no matter what, so keep your eyes on the donut and not the hole." It's not a very deep statement, and I'm sorry, it was not done deeply in this movie. Writing is just not that good. The direction is uneven and, at times, it is strangely exaggerated. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, the only thing worth doing in this movie, and she performed a kind of miracle by creating a complete character despite the strange and inexplicable circumstances, with a script that had no apparent statement what to do. <br /> <br /> He also finally clarified the mystery of the main reason why I did not enjoy this movie anymore. She says in her autobiography that Cage struggled to fight against his uncle Coppola's leadership every step of the way, doing it "in his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and putting in a silly voice that he called "stupid" " "His voice was annoying, harsh and unnatural, and his character was obnoxious and dominant when he was a young boy." I understand what he was trying to do: play with a "hot shot" of a young boy who is not as good as him. He thinks he is, setting up his own karma for future failure, but he goes overboard, the way he does it is abrasive, it is not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fighting man", we would have I had a nicer movie, Cage slips a bit with his obnoxious voice styles in the movie and occasionally sounds like a real person, and those scenes are more visible than others, but if I had to watch the movie in its entirety, I would like pay someone in LA to pour a bucket of water on their head during some of their most affected scenes. <br /> <br /> The film does not point to an affirmation, it does not make sense, it's great to see, except when Cage is making an impression of insane Elvis (but without him to voice), and it is, ultimately, confusing and a waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner surely deserved an Oscar in this mess of a movie. I can not recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this, unless you like Turner and have a remote control to select all your scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything in the plot skipping the other scenes, and it will have the same meaning. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner is getting a lot of criticism of Cage's comments, which shows she's strong enough to be honest, and to hell with other people's comments. Go away, Turner! I'm not particularly fond of this actress, as I am not any other actor or actress of first level, but his sincerity is refreshing. Cage's performance may be good to annoy, and here it does not work. At least, in this movie, we now know why.
