Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a nutcase (seen at first trying to escape from an asylum), with this castle succumbing to ruin, he likes to kill several prostitutes who look like his late wife Evelyn, a woman who betrayed by another Man, with those red locks. This nut is pretty rich and his bachelor status can be quite attractive. He, however, is invaded by his obsession with the memory of his late wife (specifically his adultery ... he saw her naked with the lover). While the memory of Evelyn is almost devouring her entire existence, Alan does his best to find true love and believes he has Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked ... that's probably her only attribute , since she is not a very good actress), who agrees to marry him after a short courtship that should probably throw flags immediately (there is a key moment of dialogue in which she knows exactly how much he is worth. <br /> <br /> The only real person Alan can rely on is his hospital doctor, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this film that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend who often provides victims. I mean appointments, while I hope to obtain the inheritance of their lord one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, witnesses the massacre of Alan and, instead of turning him into a policeman, he tightens for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), in a wheelchair, lives on the castle estate and is often seen snooping behind cracked doors. Later we discover that she is having an affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> Everything described above serves for the rest of the story that shows what appears to be Evelyn's ghost harassing Alan, someone is killing family members of the cast that revolves around Alan, and Evelyn's body is really gone. <br /> <br /> The final question is who is committing the crimes after Alan and Gladys get married, where is Evelyn's body, and Alan? go by the edge? I have to be honest and say that I did not care much about this movie. It is very uneven and the rhythm is everywhere. It looks great on the new DVD and the "emergence of the serious sequence" is great, but what really hurts the movie in my mind is that the whole cast is unpleasant. You really have a hard time taking care of Alan because he is a psychotic who skates on thin ice to maintain his sanity. It can be quite volatile. Whoever commits the crime is not really a big surprise, because after several key characters have been killed, there is only one choice that could be. What happens to Alan really does not make your throat run down because you can argue that he is getting what he deserves. Those who are behind the whole scheme of the film in regards to Alan, as I pointed out before, are not so shocking because if you are a little aware of certain circumstances (... or advantages they would have) that would benefit you with the collapse of Alan's sanity, then everything goes less than stellar. I thought that the edition was choppy and unattractive, but the performance of the entire cast is really below average. A little stylistic help and there is a trace of Gothic atmosphere in the cemetery sequences to help you a bit.
