Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English billionaire with some loose screws (thanks to the infidelity of his first wife and premature death during childbirth), attracts sexy and redheaded women to his castle, offering them bundles of money to stay the end of week. . Once back in their ancestral pile, he gets them nekkid, proceeds to whip them with a whip, and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets the blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her, she finds herself giving up her charms and getting married. His marital happiness is short lived, however, thanks to Alan's dubious state of mind, which becomes increasingly fragile when his wife Evelyn begins to appear outside her window and a series of grisly murders occur on the grounds of the castle. <br /> <br /> Let's recap then: a wonderful Euro-horror from the 70s with lots of tasty women in various states of nudity; creepy gothic retreats and hazy cemeteries; a rich and sadistic psychopath with a fondness for precious dead babies with cracked bodies; Several vicious murders (including a large fragment where a victim has his head hit with a rock and his entrails eaten by foxes). Normally, a checklist like that would guarantee me a good time, so why did I find 'The night Evelyn came out of her grave' so boring? Well, to begin with, the plot is too complicated: there are false clues, crazy plot developments and suspicions in abundance, and everything becomes a bit too much. For the final ridicule in which we discovered that, throughout the entire time, several people have been planning to get their greedy claws on Alan's wealth, and that our redhead killer is actually supposed to be the hero of the movie ? ? My head hurt too much to care! Secondly, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is quite clumsy. With style, yes; but as slow as molasses sometimes. <br /> <br /> And then there are the bits that are too stupid, possibly even for a giallo: death by poisonous snakebite (surely one of the strangest weapon options) always); Alan's Aunt Agatha, a crippled old relative who is played by a pretty young woman; hiring a group of identical curly blondes as maids; the poor attempt to convince the audience that the film is set in England (it is not enough to mention 'pounds' and hire a fucking police uniform for one of the extras); and then, of course, there is the possibility of finding a bag of sulfuric acid next to a pool ... <br /> <br /> 'The night that Evelyn came out of her grave' is not a total waste of time (? how could it be, with so much female flesh on the show?), but there are much better giallo out there. See if you're a fan of the genre and you've seen the best, but do not expect too much.
