This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, about the so-called "sins of consumerism". Keep in mind that "Reverend Billy," an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism." We may want to ask questions such as: What does 'Reverend Billy' earn? How does your money? Do you make a living with your organization 'tax deductible'? How do Internal Revenues justify this as a church or organization 'tax deductible'? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is marketed, but it allows a whole year's day in which people have the opportunity to be charitable and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families and friends. , or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But, holidays and vacation time give people that opportunity and opportunity. Yes, the United States has more problems than others, but with perseverance, Americans have and always overcome great difficulties. And, even in times of conflict, the United States has proven to be the best country in the world. That happens when Americans come together and unite, instead of separating and dividing. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but Americans will be required to recover small businesses, along with the ethics to responsibly care for the people who live in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us a lot of problems, but it will lead the Americans to take the production to the United States. Americans and the government of the United States must learn how to stay within a budget, no matter how big or small, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our excessive confidence in credit will make us, and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. It is important to buy, but if we buy less, we will depend less on credit. And, if we can save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. It does not mean that, as Americans, we will earn an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed, and it has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans own the majority of the wealth of the United States. There is a good proximity that you or I can reach the upper middle class level. And, who knows what can happen from there? Be positive, work hard and, at least, you and I can achieve at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have that something to achieve. And, if you or I do not have dreams, we could be dead. In the United States, there is always room for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the pack, but we can always become the leader of the pack. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that churches and religion offer nothing but additional distortions, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But, as for the distortions expressed, within this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I classify this movie with 1 out of 10, but, in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. This movie has no integrity, and I can not recommend it.
