What happened? Those were the first words that came to my mind after this horrible movie ended for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St. had dropped noticeably after it was the cult classic of a first movie, but I doubt anyone had expected this horrible aberration. Nobody expected this cosmic joke from a movie, and nobody is more worried than me. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie of all. It does not seem so bad at first, with a genuinely spooky introduction and a rather elongated shower scene with Alice. But then, at the beginning, we touch the bottom right with a bad performance and a sequence of mixed events. I mean, of course, Freddy's movies are supposed to be dreamy and creepy, but this is like a train crash in its bad sequence of events and a horrible plot configuration. It feels like you are suffering from a terrible headache, not as if you were scaring yourself. So the address totally fails. Here is nothing of the suspense and well-crafted horror of the earlier sequels, and even the scenes of death are mostly just rude and stupid (especially death by food), except that great scene that is designed as a comic battle. That's why this movie has a point. <br /> <br /> The story ... I take, I take, I take, LAME. It was an excuse to fool people and drive the MPAA crazy, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> The acting ... should mention how Freddy has become a childish clown figure like a boogey. ? How did his rebirth scene make him look like a monster in a 7-year-old's horror book instead of the presenter and murderer of nightmarish dreams that we all know and hate from the first movie? That arm that flutters and a stupid laugh when it appeared again ... ugh. And their liners, too. Throughout the whole movie, they stink. Wrong. An elementary student could come up with more fun things than the vomit that Freddy throws during the 90 minutes of the movie. Hell, a chimpanzee would come up with much more fun lines than Freddy told him to say here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is really irritating, too. It seems so useless. Like a mosquito buzzing around your head, a mosquito that simply will not disappear. Freddy is just a nuisance now. We've seen it so many times before. This is not any different, and many times you just want to take their horrible phrases and leave the screen of your TV. Alice, instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl of the last movie, seems annoying and very superficial, and this is due, obviously, to the horrible and horrible script with which this film was equipped. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actress, and sometimes she shines through the cracks here, but she can not save this movie. Most other actors just suck. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie are terrible and shameful. I hope Englund was ashamed of this. Who wants to see Freddy running like a mutated gorilla with his limbs stretched out, laughing like a cartoon villain? This movie destroyed all the positive that I felt for the Nightmare series. I can not see them anymore without this image passing through my head; of the shattered cartoon abomination that Krueger became. It was slowly becoming an icon of withdrawn pop culture, but this is the lowest of the lows. This is the bottom of the rock. No one will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously after watching this movie. It is nothing more than a joke, a clown that has long been due to retirement. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the films I could hate, why did I have to be Nightmare on Elm St, a series I once loved and liked a lot? The Dream Child represents the death of a legend and the break of any hope I had in the series Nightmare on Elm St. Freddy would continue to continue its downward spiral into clown status in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was actually more entertaining than this was, actually), and then continue with the mood in Freddy VS Jason, and finally He disregarded nothing, which is the best. <br /> <br /> I know this has been a rant about why Freddy stinks now, but this movie is generally, horrible, and one of the worst movies ever made. It is not recommended to anyone, and even the finalists of ANOES will not want to see this one again.
