This is crap ... total shit. I can not believe that no company can get people to work in a movie like this. Full Moon has several horrible movies, but this has to be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. It's strange. It's like, they took an idea for the story and, in reality, they never managed to develop it. They seemed to have wasted a lot of time filming external shots while the two "heroes" were driving through the desert, and Bradbury was talking nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy are driving, and when Dez and Bradbury are driving) where he just went on and on and on ... it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there should have been some dialogues or actions. They simply drove for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Then, we come to the performance, which is just horrible. In the first place, the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. She looks so scary, I wanted to look away when I was on the screen! Horrible casting. Then you have the guy who played with Dez, who could not act if his life depended on it. Your "crying" is really fun, and your crazy pranks are even more fun. The guy who plays the hotel receptionist is as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no performance that deserves any recognition in this movie. <br /> <br /> The effects of makeup ... mmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so false, they were ridiculous. The little crazy robot that looks at the caterpillar thing grabs someone, cuts himself, and when they return, the guy has a completely false flesh wound. Beautiful. Did they run out of money in the makeup budget or what? I must say that the junkie girl who is in the apartment of the only girl ... also has good makeup. I think they were going for a drugged look, and I think she was supposed to have a black guy, but it looked more like a cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is horrible from the start. The story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the address looks like it was made by a 10-year-old child, the performance is the lowest of the low, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. In the first place, it only has 70 minutes of duration, and at least 20 minutes are taken by the music and not by the dialogue or the character that sits in the hotel. Do not waste time on this piece of garbage.
