Fashionable, but at the same time exasperatingly half a character study, an examination of the different personalities of two college roommates: a talented but undisciplined star basketball player, and a fan of smoking. We never learn why these young people are friends. They may share confusions about the world and its places in it, but they do not seem to have anything else in common. Making his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Larner, based on Larner's book, does not present the characters clearly, nor does he shape the scenes to help us identify with anyone. on the screen. There are some very decent performances here (particularly the new actor William Tepper in the central role), but most of the image is not formed (perhaps intentionally), is incomplete or insecure. Bruce Dern plays the basketball coach, Karen Black is the older and married woman with whom Tepper is having an affair, and Michael Margotta is a friend of Tepper's wayward (in a strange and exaggerated performance). Nicholson does not configure the sequences with any particular flavor, preferring (I suppose) allowing the character's interaction to dominate the tone of the film; his script is also not helpful and, as a result, it is not clear who we should sympathize with. The small random moments work (a fight in a supermarket between Tepper and Black, Dern visiting Tepper in his bedroom, all scenes set on the court), however, the entire third act of the image is an unbearable disaster. Hoping to juxtapose a b-ball game of utmost importance with a sexual assault, Nicholson does not show any style in his office (nor earn points for chutzpah, since his staging of these events is overwhelming and ugly). When a director strives to humiliate his actors, one has to question his motives for doing so. Maybe if "Drive, He Said" finally made some kind of powerful statement in the deal, the public could forgive the filmmaker for his flaws in judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the closest perplever is as dumb as much of the rest of the movie. * 1/2 of ****
