Yes, I "understand" Pasolini and his surroundings, but at the same time, I feel that his "Decameron" is largely overrated, and more than a little unsettling. Overrated because the supposed "realism" that he introduces (crowds, crumbling architecture, etc.) is discussed by the absurd and ridiculous way that the characters behave. In the search for realism, Pasolini used many actors who were not actors, but his deer stares in the headlights and his delivery of painfully uncomfortable lines give the whole a terribly off-center and inconsistent feeling. And, frankly, many of the toothless and malformed people are painful to see. <br /> <br /> And Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least for me) due to the casual and predominant homosexual content. Not because it is prudent or homophobic (I am not either), but because the emphasis that Pasolini places on homoerotic images and situations is contrary to neorealism that he otherwise defends, for which it is gratuitous and forced. One can almost hear him say "Ooh, I have to put a cute, naked guy in this scene!" Sometimes, it seems that Pasolini is trying to improve the homosexual angle to criticize critics, and sometimes because he enjoys that aspect for himself, regardless of what his audience might prefer. <br /> <br /> The disunity of the 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolini's "Decameron" seemed to me to be a failure of Pasolini as a storyteller, rather than an aspect of neorealism. It seems that he gets bored with each story and that's why he wraps them in an unconvincing way and with little conviction. Even Pasolini's final line of dialogue in the film, which some people seem to find concise ("Why create a work of art when you dream about it is much sweeter?") - for me, it only makes me wonder why Pasolini would do it. Does it bother you to make a movie if it feels that way? In my opinion, a much better designed movie (and with MORE homosexual content) is "Satyricon" by Fellini. It is also full of strange looking people and absurd situations, but it is successful because of its rhythm, direction and strong narration, while "Decameron" fails for those same elements.
