The tragedy is that this garbage was part of my curriculum while studying film. So imagine how I was forced to see it in its entirety. Believe me, going through hell is much easier. Our teacher told us that this is a movie, but he never thought that we would disagree or assume the appropriate thing. I do not think there are gods on earth, we are only human, so all the filmmakers, therefore, CAN make mistakes, bad movies ... Or very bad too. The main problem was not that art, of course, is susceptible to infinite points of view, but that many people simply do not understand it, that each human has their own genuine taste, their own opinion, and hence I suppose it is the The best film that has been made, it can also be the worst of all, and how is it correct in both senses, but how many people can understand this correctly? So my teacher believes in this movie, and I simply do not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is by measuring it by its original intention to show us different types of old popular stories or whatever to capture the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To tell you the damn truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini, as a scriptwriter and director, made it too unbearable to see in the first place. The movie is so ugly. I can not stand this, so what about analyzing it, and then discovering the potential beauty in it? It is beyond the awfulness of his mind, and, strangely, not because of the movie or anything, it is because of the unstable vision of (Pasolini). His work is so primitive in underdeveloped degree. The deadly cinematic technique, the effective sense of foolishness and the incredible horror made everything unpleasant. Look at the atrocious performance, the unsuccessful cinematography, the terribly poor scenes ... OH MY GOD I already have the nausea. You can end your objectivity violently, since seeing this movie is a real pain, like taking the wisdom tooth from a blind doctor. There are terrible nightmares that could be more merciful than this. So originally, how to continue ESO just to review it with justice? Actually, you do not. As this same movie does not treat you at all fair. There's a really memorable scene here where some guys are pissing in the camera's eye (!) I'm trying to connect some things like that with the end of Pasolini as murdered.
