This is a review of 'Freddy Mercury The Untold Story', theatrical premiere, Chicago Int. Film Festival, 2007 One of the most boring, boring and tedious biographical documentaries I've seen. If the movie I saw in a movie theater premiered on television, I would beg your producers and distributors not to cheat an audience with the false promise of a feature-length documentary film worthy of being cinematic. Even as a documentary made for television, the sentimental piano solos that accompany the interviewees sitting in front of the floral arrangements in the rooms of the hotels and the pompous pseudo-literary narration sounded truer in an infomercial of sleepapedic beds. The only positive aspects of this "The untold story of Freddy Mercury", or, uhm, was "The untold story of Princess Diana" are the original concert, video and television images: Freddy Mercury and Queen, who It has not been done yet. Testimonial interviews with irrelevant eyewitnesses with ideas such as: "He was a free spirit" (actually ... I thought Freddy Mercury was a man of company ...) he despised the testimonies of Freddy, Brian May or Montserrat Caballe, They threw new and affectionate light on the complex life and character of Mercury. And ... what about the internment segments similar to Harry Potter? How did the interview with the first girl in love ("... who now works in a travel agency") and the members of Freddy's first school band contribute to what I really want to know about Mercury? Vital milestones of his personal life, his sexuality, his artistic style and his growth, Queen, the band remains unexplored. These filmmakers do not ask a single provocative question, nor do they engage in an independent or visionary investigation of their subject, but offer a tedious montage of politically clean and immensely empty comments about an enigmatic and brilliant rock legend, who does not deserve to be remembered by this biography of the History Channel, your grandparents can fall asleep on Sunday night.
