For me an unsatisfactory, unconvincing theft movie. With a cast of A-List, particularly the three protagonists and an experienced nonconformist director like Spike Lee, I expected much more and, in the end, I felt that what was delivered added little to this subgenre of the film. For starters, I did not like the rhythm of the film, starting with Clive Owen's brain, the reason for being from camera to camera, repeated unnecessarily in the conclusion, then finding the story sprinkled with confusing, not to say interviews with witnesses They seem unreal. , then finding yourself jumped in scenes that you feel had started earlier. Of course, the work of the camera is fluid at all times, constantly moving and incorporating many camera shots by hand, but the director Lee does not offer emotions or suspense, falling fundamentally by doing nothing of the key players in the film. Denzel Washington feels overwhelmed by the clothes and bad conversation of a "Shaft" movie thirty-five years earlier (he even says that "no one understands it, but his wife" is going on, replete with "hot" His girlfriend, who harasses with a rude and inappropriate grudge of "dirty talk") and his soft riff "In The Heat Of The Night" with Willem Defoe (almost in a small part) barely raises a wave. Clive Owens plays his character with a resolutely English accent, even when we are convinced that the gang is based on Arabs, and is also hampered by having to represent 90% of the movie with a mask on his face. Jodie Foster hands over another of her patented ice-maid and closed lips, Clarice Starling becomes a well-connected financial bounty hunter, so to speak, with little effect. In general, it is a true mix of movies, with a slight but obvious touch at the end, in fact, the title takes you away from the beginning, spoiler fans. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly the interview of witnesses in Washington, incredibly, with an 8-year-old street boy, even though Owen's dialogue with the same child minutes before is close to shame. During the film, the references are made by characters from classic movies such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon", but there is no honor in praise. More like "The Hot Rock" in its place ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
