No film with Madeleine Carroll in its cast could be unappealable. Having said that, I have to add that this British film is coming. The story takes place on board the 'SS Atlantic' and is based loosely on the unfinished voyage of the 'Titanic'. The word "unsinkable" is pronounced, the transatlantic hits an iceberg and we hear a celestial choir sing "Closer to my God for you". The condemned passengers finally seize the anthem, in an ingenious sound work. But the year of the premiere of the film (1929) means that a modern viewer has to accept the primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of the silent films and the stage. These are not problems. The main defect of the film is the rhythm, and the rhythm has developed well in silences. However, if the dialog box were presented at a realistic speed, the execution time of the movie would be cut in half. The desired effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but unfortunately the result is exhausting. The structure of the film is ridiculously illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found certain details of the edition with a fairly modern technique: fine and abrupt cuts from one area of ​​the ship to another, sometimes even with sound effects. Although we are on board the "Atlantic" from the first shot, we were more than 4 minutes into the film before I discovered that fact. There are long and intrusive musical passages from the ship's dance orchestra. (Entertaining and easy sound.) Personal stories are presented in an absolutely unflattering and unconvincing way. Do not even think about the show. The iceberg is a small thing and the external damage to the hull of the ship is a minor dent. However, the scenes of passengers swirling in the lifeboats, clearly placed in a real coating, presumably tied to a dock, generate great emotion. Apart from the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence in the film. As the movie and the ship near their end, the screen becomes completely black several times when the power generators begin to fail. His last and eternal blackout is the end of the film, with a sunset / sunrise, a clumsy symbolic effect. 'Atlantic' is a cinematic curiosity. In the best case. <br /> <br />
