I'm a film production specialist at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I unfortunately got the chance to see this horrible movie in class. Our teacher informed us that it would be very fun for us, but the reason we were seeing it was because it was one of the first sound films, a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with early sound The movies were that the Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent films and they were not good at memorizing lines. So the producers and directors would look for the stage to get actors. It sounds like a great idea, right? Well, the kind of acting one does on stage does not look very good in the movie. Most of the actors in "Atlantic" look and sound as if they were acting in a play, which results in a lot of hearty laughter at the excess of acting. Another limitation of the first sound films was the technology of the microphones. You could not move the microphones like you can today, you had to keep them static or you could pick up the sound of the air moving through. In this movie usually a microphone was used in any scene. In one particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. Someone approaches him and hands him his line, then walks away. Another actor comes after him, hands over his line and then walks away. Keep it up for a couple of other people. The microphone is obviously next to the man at the table, creating a carousel of laughing actors. <br /> <br /> These are just technical problems. If you get into the history and the direction, then it gets even worse. The story is a fictional account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and useless. A "story" about a man who cheats on his wife and his teenage daughter has no place in the film. He's barely settled and leaves you wondering why he was there in the first place. A bad attempt at drama, the actors take long pregnant breaks between the lines many times. It's exhausting, and you can not wait for this 90-minute movie to finish (it feels like at least 180). I'm not going to talk much about racism at this time in our country, but I was really offended that there were only two blacks in the whole movie, and they were represented as animals. Both pushed the women and children to try to climb one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they did not, so they were shot. I was horrified. <br /> <br /> I give this movie a 2/10. I would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound movies, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to watch a good sound movie early, see "Blackmail" by Alfred Hitchcock, who also appeared in 1929. You will find that the best directors were able to adapt to the new technology immediately.
