I enjoy a good slow moving drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare for their singles, The Way Home, Springtime in a Small Town, Hana bi, Eat Drink Man Woman, Dolls, In the Mood for Love and Spring Summer Fall Winter Spring are nice movies. ?? Just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of films within the dramatic genre that try to take advantage of the vagaries of good movies while providing nothing of interest. These are the ones I call IAN movies? "Incomprehensible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenre, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this is the crème de la crème de garde infested with the disguise of "art". People walk in their apartments, drink water, walk from one place to another waiting for public telephones to go empty, hang posters, grab papers, go to the bathroom, eat, do push-ups, have sex, slaughter mosquitoes, etc. I'm not kidding when I say it's a precise synopsis of the whole movie, which is the quintessential poster of the useless trash in the art house. There is no plot, no history, no interesting or remarkable events, no emotion, no meaningful dialogue, and most importantly, is not it? There's no drama. <br /> <br /> The most agitated scene has two people "hitting" on the bed with a person masturbating under the mattress. Ironic that is also totally tasteless and free. The relationship of the characters in the bed is practically nonexistent. Apparently, Tsai did not feel like communicating anything to the viewer about these people, apart from the obvious fact that they like to "hit". The person under the bed is equally unidimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, make melons and caress. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". An "animator" really wrong. <br /> <br /> The real contribution of Tsai in Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most atrocious scene in the history of art cinema. First it shows the main actress walking all the way from one end of a park to another for 285 consecutive seconds, only to then show her hysterically scream. For no reason at all? For another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie then ends abruptly. Has no sense. There is no entertainment. Only pure, concentrated torture inflicted on the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an effort to beat a dead horse. The underlying theme of loneliness is managed so much that the only true feeling of this movie is that of boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better exhibition about loneliness in his horror film Kairo. And guess what? Actually it's interesting! That movie moved as slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways to approach the concept of loneliness than the total splurge known as Live L'Amour. Kairo is a perfect example of that. <br /> <br /> Film fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for directing this film, as he has provided irrefutable evidence that art cinema can be as badly done as B-Grade, horror movies made for television. The snobs of the art houses have now officially lost their pedestal of self-righteousness. The level of quality of its precious genre now overlaps with movies like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls How do you like apples?
