This is a silly movie. Maybe my opinion would not be so hard if the movie did not promise so much, but I felt as if this movie deceived me and made me dumb at all times. <br /> <br /> I did not have any problem with the acting, but I thought the characters were horrible. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen telling us what a criminal brain is and how he planned the robbery to a perfect bank, something that often reminds us later on. Oh yes, it also tells us that he is in a prison cell, although that seems to be a silly metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one in which a minimum number of things could potentially go wrong, and it has long since disappeared before the police appear. But Clive Owen's scheme requires staying on the shore for hours, with no reason but to stalk and look frightening for what I can say. He also has to control the hostages, negotiate with the police and, what is more fantastic, perform a job in this old house in the bank store and hide there for a week (I hope he has brought enough food and a bucket to urinate ) and then sneak back. Yeah, sure it sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive. This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it did not collapse was because the scriptwriter said it. <br /> <br /> And then there are the many inexplicable details: Why were the policemen so convinced that the thieves had "Accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is the character of Jodie Foster and why is it so important that she has the mayor at her beck and call and does not have to tell Denzel Washington her agenda because "she's above her pay scale?" How foolish are these cops that they can not understand a man who speaks in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang planning a robbery? How did the thieves escape and why did Clive Owen stay for a week? How did you find out about the past of the bank president and the number and contents of his safe deposit box? Why the hell did Clive Owen let Jodie Foster or the police in? Since when do toy AK-47s that look very close? How the hell do you make a pizza box, anyway? How did Clive Owen escape from a secure area of ​​the bank during working hours, without being detected? This dispassionate criminal really felt close enough to this policeman Denzel to give him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions is ever answered. There are films that reach depth letting you wonder about the events that occur off the screen, but I never felt this way with Inside Man. It felt as if the scenes explaining these things were removed from the movie, or these questions never had No response in the first place, and that's weak. Particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not reveal what she does, but it seems she never tires of reminding us how important she is. We're supposed to just take his word, I suppose. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars is that I laughed at Denzel's "taxi taxi" and "piña colada" gags, and about the boy's scandalous video game. Apart from that, this movie does not have redemption features.
