Movie: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this movie. It is really horrible. Not enough money is spent on the film and, as Spike Lee has done, it looks like a combination of an independent film and an action movie. Characters / Actors: Denzel has done "EXACTLY" what he does in all the movies, so there's no surprise. Here is a little mental game for the readers. Think quickly about 10 Denzel movies. Now count how many of them were played by a police / detective / bodyguard, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. His best performance was, I think, in "Beyond Borders." Apart from that, he also did almost the same as in all the movies. His tone and manner of speaking were very similar to what he was doing in "Sin City". Surely this guy knows how to act, what he does not know is the best way to choose roles. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie, if you are seeing her for the first time in your life. She has done better. She has had better roles. It happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars kneel and take lower class roles like Jody Foster did in this movie. Synopsis: The plot was not confusing, in fact, I could think of such plot, in fact the whole movie, while taking a dumpster after a good Chinese dinner. I mean, come on, **** SPOILER THE WAY ----> I'm sick of the unnecessary Haulocast and the racism token. The film is about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and Racism there, try to play with people's emotions, work with someone? I DO NOT. Did the police let the bank robbers think they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we are talking about the police and the security of the United States here. Nobody could find out where Clive was, I mean they did not find anything different with that room. Who are we cheating? Conclusion: Sure, go see this movie, if nothing, you'll have fun talking to your friends about how bad the movie was. At least people will not think you're stupid for going to see this movie because they'll think you went to see it because it has a great cast of stars "ERROR".
