I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I have come to the conclusion that he has a gift for action. The scenes are kinetic and fast often combine elements of martial arts, fights of arms and fights of samurai with the work of camera that effectively captures the butchery in screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami", Kitamura demonstrated that creativity and showed that he is more than capable of working with a low budget. So, what happened in "Alive"? To be more forceful, the answer would be: nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive"; It was a movie of more than two hours with little or no action and little or no character and plot. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a comic by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is an examination of the life of a Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) a death row condemned to survive his execution. Then he is given the option to repeat the execution or to undergo a series of strange experiments. He chooses the latter and shortly after is placed in a room with a rapist and later with a girl infected with a strange parasite that in exchange for the humanity of its host grants supernatural powers. Naturally, at some point when the parasite moves to Yashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" establishes its first half in the establishment of the basic exhibition. Characters are introduced, their motivations are established and their relationships with each other are discovered. All this even takes place in a single set. The first big problem of that comparison is that while "Aragami" was only a 70-minute movie, "Alive" lasts for more than two hours, so the first part lasts more than an hour. That length could have been justified if the characters had become a little more interesting, but unfortunately that is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, given without any feeling of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There were some small attempts to make "Alive" a little more ambiguous and moral, but in the end it all came down to the classic: evil government people, super-powerful protagonist, who did guess, ultimately saves the girl. As I said before, the whole movie practically takes place in a single set, and after two hours that becomes boring, even worse, the design of the set itself was not much interesting to begin with, and does not do much to improve others. aspects. of the movie. <br /> <br /> Now, after that first part ends, one might think that Kitamura would at least do some entertaining action scenes to make up for the boring start. Unfortunately that is not the case. The only two fights are really scenes of similar fights in Hollywood movies, with bullet effects and psychic powers. They are simply not interesting or funny, Kitamura's creativity of "Versus" is gone, the small set even limits his often impressive camera work and it all comes down to generic and expected fights, a shame. <br /> <br /> Obviously, "Aragami" was better in all accounts and "Kitamura" had learned something from "Alive". So it was not at least a total loss to see this movie. Only to understand the mistakes made, how to solve them and create a better and more entertaining film.
