It seems to me that Stephen King's pseudonym "Bachman" was a way for him to publish some of the most cruel, crude, and petty things he wanted to write without "polluting" his "brand." If you look back at the "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), you realize that they have a feeling of lack of air and hopelessness in them that is different from the mainstream of King . I realize we're talking about the boy whose first novel featured a humiliated, blood-laced, emotionally crippled teenager who killed everyone at his high school graduation party ... but the main King always has characters and elements of the plot that read the oppression of The Procedures A Little, and they mostly have endings that offer at least a glimmer of hope and human feeling. Bachman's books are simply bad and always end badly. (By the way, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a Bachman book if King had not revealed the alias by then, and "The Dark Half" seems to be, at least in part, about his "Bachman" persona.) < <br /> "Thinner" was Bachman's last book, and man, with his class war themes, revenge and death from starvation, is unpleasant. So it should not be surprising that the movie follows his example. <br /> <br /> What is a surprise is that the adaptation seems to have been filmed at the talent level of "TV Movie Of the Week" instead of something worthy of a theatrical premiere. (These days, something like this would probably go directly to DVD or cable). Makeup work and the flashy motif (dying of starvation in the midst of plenty, a metaphor of the overfed, malnourished American middle class, if there ever was one) is all that keeps us from seeing this misfire. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? The first thing I thought was that the director opted for the unpleasant vibes of Bachman, but also somehow absorbed all the interest of the film with bad choices of actors: the actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) simply can not take the movie. . And then crushed the warmth and life of the rest of the movie with an uncomfortable rhythm and a scene structure. Also, he could not leave the plot alone, and his changes really do not help. The script and dialogue should work, but especially the movie is there. Everything is off, dull, airless, and not fun to watch ... with the vivid exception that the main character's spectacle is becoming ... more, more and more thin. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst King movie ever made (or even the second worst). And she has a terrible and convincing fascination due to the subject and the careful makeup work. But first-time viewers should approach this with low expectations.
