This 2003 made for the television movie was shown on a women's channel, naturally. As a man, why do I even try to see this? I do not know, but it should make me examine my head. And the director and writer Simon Gornick should be ashamed of himself for committing an injustice to men like he does. It removes all strength and conviction that a man may have by having several boring women do it. The number one fighter is Joyce Hyser as the wife. I could not wait for him to drop her. His revenge was silly and stupid and very confusing for most of the movie. The other fatal woman was Nichole Hiltz, about the coldest person she would ever want to meet. His appearance did not guarantee that our protagonist would pass that ape by her and his performance was so obvious that only a fool could ignore it. Definitely a loser. Tembi Locke was pretty good, but it took her a while to understand the whore who seduces her own husband, again played as a guy who is a loser, by David DeLuise. Completing our cast of losers is Anthony Denison as a boss who has little to do but frowns upon our hero. Stephen Jenkins as our hero, or should I say victim, was not so good. At first I thought he was a bad actor, but then I believed him. He never got the part of the floor and was repetitive in everything. Although, as a man, I was enraged when the two women got away with it. Men, be careful with this channel that knocks down men and women escape even with murder. LMN is the channel. Beware. Note: Having seen this a second time by mistake, I am convinced of my initial thoughts. Especially in the writer / director, Simon Gornick. I still believe that he has dishonored the male species and that he should be beaten with horses. The only salvation in this movie is Tembi Locke, who does not have the opportunity to show his talent with the horrible performance of Jenkins, Hyser, Hiltz and DeLuise around him. Plus the stupid plot that only makes it worse. Down with Gornick's movie and its empty stars. Please, LMN, do not show this again.
