No, I have not read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I repressed the movie version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Normal movies give the audience a hero to applaud while striving to achieve a goal. In horror films, the public is invited to savor the disappearance of the characters. In the low-fat, but tasteless, revenge cooler of director Tom Holland, "Thinner," no one wins and everyone deserves the morsel given to them. New England glutton lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he balances on bathroom scales at 300 pounds, he seems to be happily married to an elegant and delicious wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane") with a teenage daughter with yeast. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean Stupid here. Halleck shows his sagacity in court when he wins a verdict of acquittal from the presumptuous boss of the mafia Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna from "House of Games"). Upon returning home from a victory banquet, Billy strikes an elderly gypsy who crosses the street and kills her. A cover-up occurs, and Halleck's friends take it out of the soup. The dissatisfied Gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") responds with a curse against the corpulent lawyer and the two city officials who exonerated him. Suddenly, Halleck finds himself losing weight, no matter how much chow chow. When he begs the vengeful gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck turns to Richie. While Halleck struggles with the gypsies to eliminate the hexagon, he learns that his loyal wife has paid attention to the city doctor. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies as not only ridiculously inept the horror film, but the filmmakers. We also trust the stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Child's Play" (1988), and guitarist Michael McDowell, have presented such a sloppy script that you can not enjoy watching Billy get his dessert and cringe. "Thinner" has few shocks and fewer surprises. It is possible that the filmmakers regurgitated King's novel, but they filled in all the sense of horror and humor that it contained. Holland and McDowell introduce characters, like the Mafioso, and then, inexplicably, free them. A minor character appears long enough to die and have the head of a chicken stuck in his mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotyped behavior of the characters can also offend the public. "Thinner" represents women as vixens of overexposure and men as pigs. When Halleck sneaks out of a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked in his house. His suspicions turn into jealousy and he prepares a plan to transfer the curse to this wife. Even the premature ending lacks any satirical flavor. Oscar-winning special effects assistant Greg Cannom of "Van Helsing" and make-up artist Bob Laden do a fabulous job of reinforcing actor Robert John Burke to make him obese. They also succeed, making it wither. <br /> <br /> Only Stephen King fans will be able to withstand this misogynistic gooledys book.
