The problem with THE CONTRACTER is summarized in the opening scene. The CIA wants a dead international terrorist, so contact the black operations killer James Dial. The terrorist is appearing in the Old Bailey court in London, which raises the question why do they want to hit a terrorist if he is going to spend the rest of his life in jail? He will be out of circulation in any way. Did not the CIA have an opportunity before being arrested? If by chance you get a verdict of not guilty, then kill him. There is no logical reason to kill someone who will spend his life in a maximum security prison. <br /> <br /> Since the premise establishes the story, an audience can choose to ignore the plot hole, but the assumption itself spills fuel. the fire . Dial's colleague is killed by a police bullet and the taxi in which they drive crashes, but Dial manages to escape. So, was the police close enough to shoot someone but too far away to stop someone from a car accident? The movie of this kind of conspirative connivance. Later, Dial finds a police inspector who is pointing a gun at him and says: "this airport is surrounded by armed policemen", but Dial manages to escape very easily without any explanation. The whole movie deceives its audience by trusting in things that are never explained. This includes an important supporting character named Emily Day. Why does she help Marcar even though he is a wanted fugitive? Your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty bad thriller and do not be fooled by the "big name" cast. Wesley Snipes used to qualify as a movie star, but he killed his career by starring in more and more irrelevant films. Charles Dance also appeared in Hollywood big-budget productions such as LAST ACTION HERO and ALIEN 3, but again he's someone better known for appearing directly in DVD rates these days, and he's basically playing a secondary role anyway. The likes of Lena Headey can become great players in movies, but they certainly do not manage to put EL CONTRACTER on their curriculum.
