I really do not know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had the dislike of seeing in a long time. From the point of view that was quite obvious and very clear to anyone who has visited London even for a day, I will agree ... it was not London. To a large extent inexplicable, how the character of Snipe managed to escape the country back to the United States without a single problem. Then he convinces the girl and the grandmother to visit him in America, how the hell did the grandmother agree with that ... he is a murderer? Well, that's the end, how about during the movie? Well, unfortunately, that was not much better. We have British cops driving an incredible variety of cars, I'm sure it was a Vauxhall Belmont of the eighties who chased the taxi after the assignment, but a modern Subaru Imprezza escorting the prison van in some previous scenes. SO19 or whoever the Met's firearm they were trying to portray, ran happily through the streets with their guns chasing Snipe along with the CIA. There were children walking, but the police kept saying they had a clear shot to shoot him. Does this happen in London? No, it's not like that, I live there. We also have the unlikely trip from central London to the airport (say Heathrow for discussion reasons) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a young woman who is more posherta than the queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does it say for the British police when the helicopters and several officers at Snipe's location can not find Snipe and he manages to evade capture by hiding behind some stairs? The train station obviously was not even on the UK floor and the sound effects of the fight scene were terrible. The plot was also extremely poor, boring and has been written and filmed much better a thousand times before. But there were some notable actors in this movie, what were you thinking about and, please, do not let that stop you from watching this movie! This film did not seem to know what it wanted to be, if it is going to concentrate on the dramatic aspects of the consequences of an assignment, then it needs a strong and rigid plot with scenarios and plausible scenarios, this is something that the viewer has time for. to take and appreciate and if you do it wrong, then you realize. If you want an action movie (which is not the case), then continuity and the setting can be set aside.
