And finally, old and old Michael Corleone falls down and says 'THUMB!' Who REALLY wrote for this last installment of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff that makes "As The World Turns". This movie does not deserve the title of "Godfather" at all. Let's call this "The Things of Our Nostra" or "All My Capos". As someone who has encountered a number of people from the mafia in my business life, I can say, without exception, that I have never met any mafioso as conflictive and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia only because they're greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time reflecting on his past deeds and his grim future, maybe even in Afterlife, and then he recovers remarkably fast to achieve a fantastic commercial agreement or to order the death of this or that the big one. time operator that is, in the background. Then, there is your failed marriage. After the breakup scenes in G2, we can expect Michael and Kay to come together as husband and wife, but here they seem to become very good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the writers were trying to turn Michael into a woman. It is a strange behavior for two people who shared the passion of marriage for 9 years. There are some mistakes here and there, or maybe they are sins of authorship. Poor Sophia Coppola, from the old homeland, is loaded with a desperate role, with too many short lines in the film that do not fit with what a young woman would say in informal conversations: she received "comments" instead of "lines" to be excited. His 'passionate' love scene with Andy Garcia looks like something of a bad sex comedy for teenagers while they chew their kisses with their mouths open and caress the backs of the kitchen drainer, like puppets ... Michael Douglas, but It's ridiculous here. Then, there is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who is also assigned a difficult and ungrateful role. I suppose it is expected to be the new and new Don Corleone, but he almost handed the job to him on a silver platter and he has to do little to strengthen his position, unlike the simultaneous successes of Michael in the 5 Families in the G1. This transfer process can be an authentic way to transfer power into a Mafia Family, but why is this boring routine so done? Certainly, Don Vincent can earn the respect of his fellow gang members one day, but there are few revelations of characters in the script that give us a portrait of this young man, sadly. Puzo did an excellent job developing quickly and concisely the character of Michael in G1. But, G3 has no economy in its storytelling and we suffer through prolonged exposures until we just want to take a nap. In the third place, George Hamilton was also given an ungrateful task, taking over a family lawyer after Robt Duvall rejected a third installment as Tom Hagen. George wisely played down his role, so he let go without harming the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes murderous issues into her own hands (she might end up sleeping with the Fredos, if this were the real world). But not everything is bad. The scene of the murder in the attic of the hotel is ingenious! In addition, "keep throwing me again" or the words to that effect are a great line. And we recover the feeling of being in the old country when we return to Sicily, even if everything is finished in 1989 and they have cars and modern haircuts. The plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting, as they are based on some real financial scams at the Vaticani Bank in the 1980s, but they have gone too far, again, with scenes of death too spectacular, etc. The opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But, the scene of Maria's death towards the end is an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation, at best. All writers must learn that we do not always need more and more deaths to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead, she does her pain very well, but Michael's reaction is: hammy, hammy, hammy. Then, Michael dies sometime in the 21st century, in Sicily, only in a large estate, of heart failure ... he is not a grandson to play with before his death, nor a woman to cry for. What SHOULD have happened in the last half of this movie is that Michael was tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, taken to court, all the dirty little businesses in his dirty family and the bloodthirsty indulgences brought in the light of day, then Michael sentenced under RICO statutes and sent to federal prison for life ... then he may die from heart failure while cleaning a flat IN LEAVENWORTH. This is how the Mafia Don ended their careers in the late 80's and early 90's, and they got a much better deal than they deserved.
