I left several years of lurking on these boards due to the lack of intelligence that is communicated through the reviews that appear periodically in the IMDb space of this film. I watched this movie courtesy of the New York Asian Film Festival of Underground Cinema (which had an excellent selection of films this year, see Vital, June Snake, CHA NO AJI, Survival Style) and I have repented every day that a scene from that movie is disconnected from my mind and becomes a vivid memory. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you can read an appreciative summary of the movie from Subway Cinema, which is probably why I made the mistake of dragging my friend to the movie. The description built the kind of horror movie that he had longed for for a while, one that relies on pure terror rather than scare cheap. P was, in fact, different. It was based on cheap laughs. <br /> <br /> The incredibly annoying speaker described this movie as "Lesbians come together to fight monsters." Completely false. There is a secondary plot built into this film to make it look like the relationship between the girl and Pookie actually goes somewhere. More lies. This movie looks like a short film made for "Are you afraid of the dark?" The story is ridiculous, and only managed to provoke the laughter and confusion of the audience after they finally rescinded their attempt to see this movie with a serious appearance and try to forget the $ 9 that wasted at the door. I almost wish that Paul Spurrier was in the audience to laugh at him and ask him why he lost 5 years in Thailand to make a bad horror movie and porn that belongs to the spice channel, which only made the actress excommunicated from his family , and caused a little stir at the Belgian film festival. The only stir that this caused was a gurgling in the lower intestine, since it could not be extracted from the sh * te that is. Anyway, I hope I can dissuade anyone from making the serious mistake of watching this movie, it was really one of my 3 worst cinematic experiences, knocking Soulplane down by number 2.
