Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", the son of Michael Corleone wants to leave the law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his ex-wife, Kay, manages to convince him to let Anthony Corleone look for music as he wishes. He does so. <br /> <br /> That seems like a strange way to start a review, since it is a minor plot point and has nothing to do with the main action. Just be patient with me here; You'll see where I'm going with this eventually. Now let me tell you about the main plot. It is that Michael Corleone wants to leave crime forever (he has largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in a fight. So, of course, Michael must endure another touch with criminality and violence with guns and all those good things about gangsters. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-insane romance with Michael's daughter, Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix all the horrible things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. A horrible, horrible, telenovela of 169 minutes. The sophistication, romance and emotional relevance that made the first two films come home so strong is over. After an interruption of 16 years in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola delivered a lot of problems and pretensions totally incongruent with the first two films, once again proving that his last great work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. < What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical follow-up to "The Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. It does not just go to the seed (which could be legitimate, even if it would not be fun to see it). It has become a gift that tries to fix all the tragedy that made Part II such a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was quite bad, but that small attack of diabetes in the middle made him feel nauseous. He also returns with Kay! For the love of God, there is absolutely no way for this to happen, as the second movie did with clarity! She miscarried her baby, and her Sicilian education made her despise her for that. Francis Ford Coppola did not even think about these things? <br /> <br /> And I do not even mean the adventure of Mary and Vincent! For such a forbidden romance, it was surprisingly unattractive. The performance of Sofia Coppola did not help at all. She made the most intelligent move of her life when she moved from the camera to the other, because she was possibly the worst actress I ever saw in a Best Picture nominee. Each line he uttered was painfully memorized, and each time the drama rested on his acting skills, all he provoked were inappropriate giggles. In the climactic scene, I'm not going to go into detail, but you know what scene I'm talking about / if you look at it, look at Michael and say, "Dad, right?" I think he was meant to cry, but the line was so poor that I burst into a long, loud laugh. <br /> <br /> Now we come to the climax, and now you will also realize why I took the time to start the review with a description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of drama and irrelevant things, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see him, and for about 10-15 minutes, a couple of killers walk around trying to kill Michael. On this climatic sequence, I must say one thing: It was really good! But not for the murderers, they were pretty boring. I really liked the opera. He had great music and great real pieces. And, from what little he showed us, it seemed that the story had echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was a great opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was happy to have let his son go from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My greatest wish is this: that Francis Ford Coppola limited himself to filming Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and left the rest of the drenched melodrama. Better yet, I wish he had not done "The Godfather: Part III" at all. Part II gave us the perfect ending. This split was self-indulgent and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a visceral reaction to the movie. I watched the 3 Godfather movies more than a month ago (although I was watching the first time). This does not only mean that my expectations for Part III were not limited (in fact, I set the bar quite low after what I heard), but it also means that I had a good time to think about the three films. I was a little disappointed with Part II, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed to me. But with Part III, to begin with, it was bad, then worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop in Part I, but if they also see Part II, they will most likely move on to Part III. If you have the will, look at Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
