The Godfather Part I was an amazing look within the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man was almost forced to face the circumstances he never wanted to be part of. The Godfather, Part II, shows that the young man accepts his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of all innocence as he enters more and more into a life of crime. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation by Michael Corleone make up one of the greatest tragedies in film history. <br /> <br /> Then, The Godfather Part III appeared. Michael Corleone is now the old Don of the Corleone family. He shows remorse for his previous actions, not through subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers for good and admitting all his mistakes and regrets to others. Very cliché and uncharacteristic of the complex character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by a young and ambitious disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is eventually a victim of the ongoing mafia wars and her death predictably leads Michael to realize that his whole life as a Don has not been worth anything because he failed in the only reason he was put in. the position he was in: protecting his family. <br /> <br /> Part II of the Godfather ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest level of the basses: killing his own brother. Before Part III was made, the Godfather saga was an emotionally fascinating story about the journey into the darkness of an innocent young man with the unbelievably tragic end of Michael forgetting his roots and abandoning the thing that mattered most to him already. those around him: family loyalty. Part III paints the image of Michael as a man who is and always has been only a victim of circumstances. This greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> Part III of the Godfather is a horrible disaster of a movie that should never have been made. The only solution to the problem that is this latest installment of The Godfather movies is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's shockingly horrifying act that a member of his own family is killed.
