When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) responds to the door of her house wrapped in a towel, you realize that an actress as competent as Eggar can be, does not have the hypnotic charm of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder made Stanwyck not only appear on a towel, but she enters the scene on the balcony of the second floor of the house. And she does not "go out"; It appears, almost as if by magic. Walter Neff is watching her from below on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much taller than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they show up for the first time. It's not just the towel. The towel adds to the alluring charm. Her posture is like a Greek goddess who overlooks her domain and, in a strange way, you feel as if, from the beginning, she was controlling the whole situation. She has sexual power, even magical. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. The remake has Crenna knocking on the front door. Stanwyck's deputy, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around him. There is no "appearance". She simply opens the door. The seductive superiority that attracts the audience in the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 is totally absent in 1973. Open the door with a towel around it. It may be sexy in Charlie's angels, but it's not that mysterious. The filmmakers of the new version seem to misinterpret Wilder's point. It is possible that the script said "Phyllis appears on a towel", so the filmmakers of the new version simply follow the instructions and include the required towel. The point is not the towel. The point is the enigmatic quality of Phyllis, and the potential power it exerts. Wilder gave him a towel to add to his mystic. The filmmakers of the new version gave him a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in the choice of the shot, I lost all the mystique of Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also seems to be wrong. It seems that he is "acting" and not really in the middle of the dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks a lot like an actor from the 70s. He can not enter the 1940s. When MacMurray speaks for the first time in the microphone, sweat begins to drip from his face. Do not worry about Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff says: "I did not get the money and I did not get the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says: "I did not get the money and I did not want the woman". Did the filmmakers completely misinterpret the whole point of the story? Or were they cheating for a "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This film made for television is an interpretation of numbers. You lose all the edge of the original. The only highlight, perhaps, is Lee J. Cobb in the role that Edward G. Robinson made famous. But it can not save the loss of intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is a forgettable television movie made probably by the same people who made "The Island of Gilligan". They could also have tried to remake "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best one can hope for, what is the point? The 1944 classic is a movie with a capital "F". This remake made for television deserves a rating of "F", or maybe a "D" for fools.
