This 1973 remake of Billy Wilder's classic 1944 film, "Double Indemnity," is an example of how to destroy a great screenplay. This grade B TV fodder also illustrates the madness of remakes in general. While Hollywood has pursued greedy executives who color in black and white films and seek disclaimers in widescreen movies that are shown in scan and scan versions, the industry has ignored the tricks that insist on taking a classic movie and diminishing it. . with a bad quality remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a classic version of a classic is to edit the script. The work of Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler was cut by half an hour to adjust the finished film in a specific space of time with space for commercials. Then, update the production with soft, color photography, smart games, luxury and actors familiar with television. Therefore, the new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the black and white cinematographic atmospheric cinematography that improved the mood and characterizations of the original. No more dusty, gloomy and claustrophobic sets that explained the desire of the protagonists to escape their situations at any cost. Gone are the close ties between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> The appearance of Jack Smight in "Double Indemnity" is more "dynasty" than black cinema. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer home to die for, and Neff's comfortable pad would be hard to pay with the salary of an insurance salesman, not to mention the sporty convertible Mercedes she drives. None of the characters has apparent motives to murder for only $ 200,000. If it's not money, then maybe kill for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and his kisses are as lustful as those of a brother and sister. Crenna fails to capture Neff's cynicism, and her attempts at double meaning and sexual innuendo are terribly flat. Eggar is a little better and lacks sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of a supposedly deviant and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb achieves a credible performance as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors have done a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to produce this miserable remake, except to complete the time in a broadcast program. There was no conceivable reason to resurrect this error on DVD and package it with the original movie, except to complete a double-disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this misfire is that even a good script and a great dialogue can be ruined with a poor release, a mediocre direction and television grade production values. The "Double Compensation" of 1973 should be titled "Compensation of 10%", since its visualization only underlines 100% of the perfection of the original film.
