Murder and insurance fraud lead an adulterous couple to "the end of the line" ... <br /> <br /> Television was visually vulgar in the early 1970s and this imitation truncated and made for the television hurt me. The eyes It is not possible to compare it with the classic Billy Wilder Film Noir of 1944, since anyone in his right mind should know it - see it without being seen, but that does not mean that this update should be considered as a separate entity. Although it is based on the original script of Paramount, there is more than half an hour cut and the director's bland indifference makes what remains can be forgotten imminently. With one rare exception, the younger generation was not interested in seeing old black and white films on television in 1973 (still today, unfortunately), so this creepy and new story was new to the overwhelming majority of the spectators; then, as now, the rule of classifications and collection was his only reason for being. Gus Van Zandt remade the PSYCHO of Alfred Hitchcock for similar reasons and if these reductions led to the search for original films or novels, so much the better. I loved the original source of James M. Cain to tune at that time and enjoyed this time the curious capsule the second time for long hair, blouses, turbans, ugly decoration and lush strands of "reddish" color. the "guest star", Samantha Eggar. , who did not try too hard. In addition to recognizing some of the incidental cast of a past childhood in front of the teat tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to maintain my interest as a tired and tired-looking Keyes of the world, but the affable and harmless Richard Crenna, Walter Neff only. It reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Of course, the improvement over the original was never intended to make money, but, instead of a meaningless retread, a new adaptation of the novel would have been a novel idea. The book of Cain differs a little from its incarnations of celluloid and the horrible shark fins in the end of the moonlight are murderous. The completista in me is grateful that this accelerated update of "Me Decade" was included as part of the DOUBLE COMPENSATION DVD extras, but the experience not only made me wait a long time to see the original, but made me feel nostalgic for any episode of COLUMBO better done Television Series. I also reviewed a very good 1973 movie of ABC TV that I have not seen since its initial release: LINDA, by John D. Macdonald, starring the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless fatal woman who murders her lover (the sexy John Saxon) Wife and then framed her husband with good manners for the crime and, if I remember correctly, there is also an open ending. Like DOUB INDEMNITY, he unnecessarily remade with the queen of the television movie Virginia Madsen as the titular slut and Richard Thomas as the husband of milquetoast.
