Oh, if only I could give this garbage less than one star! There were two slightly fun parts in the whole movie and that's it! one was where a row or two of the song Do not Worry, Be Happy was sung by the slugs and the other was where Roddy fell out of the toilet paper and landed with his feet and legs spread apart so that everything else that landed on the way down hit him in the groin. There was nothing more fun than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not right to say that "Freaks of the terrible" Shrek "could enjoy, but the fans of" Wallace and Gromit "will probably leave with disgust." How I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I also love Wallace and Gromit. You see what it boils down to: if an animation performs extremely well, then it's definitely worth seeing, however, this was as far as possible from doing it. Continuity errors were too large in number. Some were pointed out by the creators of this site, others not. I will not point to all the others, but here are some more to see: when the young daughter leaves at the beginning of the movie, the latch on the door of the cage goes down and the hook part on the right. he clearly goes back behind the round knob, effectively making sure that Roddy can not get out and yet he does it just by just kicking him. At one point, the ruby ​​falls down Roddy's back and is pushed up into the air by Rita all the time as the ship moves forward. In the next scene Roddy has caught him again. This is impossible. Seeing that the ship is moving forward, the only place when the ruby ​​was ejected from under the back of Roddy's shirt, the only place where he could have landed was in the water, not in Roddy's hand. There was a third that I wanted to point out, but for now I have forgotten it. <br /> <br /> Too many, for lack of a better word, the 'jokes' were repeated one way or another, there was not enough time to establish any kind of connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow, shallow and empty, and the whole movie left you wanting ... wanting to see 85 minutes of anything else! Paint drying or grass cultivation are two excellent options.
