A very young Ginger Rogers exchanges quick jokes and a line with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in this murder mystery in 1933 by Poverty Row filmmaker Allied Productions. The film begins with a wealthy businessman taking a head of the garden from the roof of a high-rise apartment building, or was it a lover's apartment? Actually, Rogers has two identities at the beginning of the film, that of Miss Terry, the secretary of the dead victim, along with her article in the Pat Morgan newspaper. By mistake, by calling her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) rather than to the rewriting table of her role, she is dismissed for her efforts when her boss learns that he has been expelled. <br /> <br /> Here is a puzzle: it was revealed during the Police Inspector Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation of Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had been employed as his secretary for three weeks. Why exactly was that? After the fact, it would make sense that she was there for a news report, but before? Clues are dropped about Harker's association with a known mobster who lives in the same apartment building, but again, that association is not relevant until everything is linked to the goalkeeper Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who is making all the calling cards with the snake making an HSSS, with the words "Will you hear it" cut and pasted below? Apparently, the whistle of a snake was the sound of the radiator system of the apartment house, which Peterson used to transmit poisonous gas to the rooms of possible victims, such as Mrs. Coby in the apartment underneath Harker. But in response to a question posed to Inspector Russell about Mrs. Coby's death, she replied "apparently" to the cause of the strangulation. <br /> <br /> It is these rather conflicting plot points that made the film somewhat unsatisfactory for me. The revelation of the concierge Peterson as the bad boy of this piece is in somewhat frightening circumstances when we see him putting the unconscious body of Miss Morgan in the incinerating furnace of the building! However, and noting another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge basement while Peterson lights the oven; She made her break, but how? And it's still pretty as a photo. And who can make the necklace off the screen if it is none other than police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in an opening scene fell on his own feet when entering a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all those reviewers who felt that "A Shriek in the Night" was a satisfying detective, I think any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is, by comparison, a true "The Usual Suspects". If you need a reason to see the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but keep in mind that she does not dance.
