I just saw a preselection tonight. What can I say? He lived up to his mediocre trailer career, although that does not say anything at all. He did absolutely nothing to any film before it did, and it developed so cliché that in the end I got to the point where I stopped laughing just because I laughed with the audience, and instead I let the movie humorless outside. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have the less than spectacular main character who is trying to get back with his ex-girlfriend, but he is not good enough for her, check. We have the three friends who have their own "personality", one of them is the best friend who tries to communicate with the best friend of the main girl, but is constantly rejected, another friend is the super uncomfortable who can not live seeing the positive in everything, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and launched for those of a line (which in this case are just a bunch of movie references, specifically Disney), and the third type whose name you will never remember but it is there to complete. Travel the plaza and send messages of comfort to anyone who wants to listen. We have the girl's ex boyfriend and her parents **** - block the relationship in any possible way when things are getting better, not to mention the uncomfortable family members on the main character's side ... check. We have a one hour down time in the movie where everyone is depressed, check. We have the "funny" moments of the film that come from the incessant insults, the people who fall or are beaten, the scenes of the trailer and the homosexual innuendos ... review. And I dare to call it a spoiler, but we have an ending that unfolds exactly as one thought it would unfold even before watching the movie ... verify. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this could have ... no, wait ... it should have been a PG-13 movie. All that needed to be thrown was any F-bombs. Honestly, I would have received much more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this kind of humor, would have had less exposure in the media and, therefore, would not have displeased people like me so much, that they should try to keep it more High that the recent Comedies classified R as Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this film is so uncomfortable that it does not fit with what people in general look for. I bet even the actors were often uneasy with some of the dialogue and action they had to take with the camera. Let's put it this way ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it is on the big screen and the others are laughing. When this movie arrives on Showtime and you are watching it at 2:00 PM on a day off, you may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that will keep you looking is the warmth of Alice Eve (who is not 10 years old, but still very good). <br /> <br /> Apart from the main resolution, this film threw many subplots on the side of the curb, it seemed to forget to write more stories that they tried to develop at the beginning of the film, where everything else almost flies out the window . So there is a main resolution, but what comes of it? It is never really clear, nor does it allow the end to be "feel good" with brusqueness. <br /> <br /> There was only one thing that was not worth anything in this movie, and that was the good soundtrack. Apart from the good choice of alternative rock songs of the 90s, there was a good optimistic score that would play in some parts of the film (more at the beginning) that reminds me of something that David Holmes would confuse / compose. I will give you the accessories for a great sound choice. <br /> <br /> One last thing, this movie was probably filmed at some point late last summer, because Pepsi's unwitting and proud patronage showed the yellow bottle caps they had. During that Rock Band promotion. I thought many of the Rock Band players would realize that if you saw it. But I say to keep your money. If this were PG-13 and you were 15 years old on Friday night with a group of friends, I would say do not wait any longer. Otherwise, definitely pass. It does not try to compete with the R-rated films of recent years, and ideally it is not so good.
