No, I will not continue with this here. I refuse to follow the program. Do not you suppose that maybe this movie is just a bit overrated? Look at the readers' comments and their star ratings: most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an instance in which the ratings can say more about the people who represent them than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about bestiality simulated with horse couplings have become general hits like catalog DVD titles? I saw this movie with a sense of general anticipation, waiting for fireworks, and instead I got someone to open a Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but once the excitement had worn out, even the end of the twist did not do much to save it. <br /> <br /> The background story of the film says it all: the director films about 25 minutes of the false bestial hardcore limit. Sex for another movie, it is reported that the images will not be appropriate, leave them aside, wait two or three years for a little critical acclaim to accumulate, then build a complete function around those 25 minutes, filming approximately 70 minutes in another unrelated way. , meticulously boring footage and insertion of the 25 minute fragment as a dream sequence. It is obvious that the 25 minutes of film in question are surprisingly strange, original and impactful in a deliberate and calculated way. But we're not here to evaluate just those 25 minutes, we should consider the whole movie and ask ourselves why people are so excited about the movie. Or are they simply in love with their background story and the history of having been forbidden by people who were so stupid as to be offended by it? <br /> <br /> Maybe it's an anti-clerical agenda that appeals to them. Hate the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few bastions of socially acceptable intolerance that remain. Just today it was revealed that the BBC skews its broadcasts with an anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiment in the promotion of political correctness. You can say whatever you want about the Bible, the pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church and the number of white men and their inhuman religions that suck the dimpled skin of a golf ball ... But I gave a negative thing about the non-westernized religions, and you're toast. This film was made to order for such a feeling, with an old wrinkled and dry priest who has a totally unhealthy relationship on the screen with two 14-year-old French boys complete with inappropriate touches, adulation, caresses, clumsiness, groping and clapping. rear Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are the horse couplings, photographed with such close fetishistic detail that portions of the film could be used as visual aids for a biology class on animal husbandry. Yes, I understand the thematic relevance of the images (phallus of large animals with a large amount of reproductive fluids waiting to be released as fire extinguishers), but if I wanted to see horses, you know, do it, I would like to continue living on a farm. Having your genitals in your face is as entertaining as watching someone use a bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this movie just a kind of artistic fun for social deviants? Probably, although I will grant the most artistic execution, filmed in a kind of artistic detail in euros that even has a forest pond dotted with a Monet painting, complete with an arched bridge that extends. And the end (which even surprised me) wraps everything in a clean and nasty package. But we must remember that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed by their design elements and many artists are guilty for exploiting them in their work to lend a kind of gravitas that could not have been achieved without it. That's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has been driven by the momentum of his new movie about Iwo Jima. Whether his film is good or not, it is a separate consideration of whether or not that battle was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will line up to give it an Oscar for its noble message, not because it is a particularly good or original film. <br /> <br /> While it may seem a strange parallel, I see one with THE BEAST: How can someone not see the basic beauty of nature before the sight of two horses that mate? And who can not see the logical culmination of the suppressed sexuality of fairy tales in the explosive set of the movie where Bella and the Beast finally do the bad? Somehow I managed to ignore both points, and I'm delighted to have seen this movie to be able to destroy it for what it really is: 25 minutes or so of eyes opening on the images of larger adult fairy tales surrounded by 70 minutes of skull drastically boring, in the world of garbage, Euro Trash dreck about a guy who cut his hair and a great ending. It sure is art, but it stinks. <br /> <br /> 3/10
