What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The thinnest and duckiest actress in the world (even more duck-faced and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) overacts her bony ass, making grimaces that would embarrass Bugs Bunny, in one of the most animated animated television series of the history. This is also the most annoying one hour format television show in history, therefore, the worst. <br /> <br /> All men act like thoughts, and for my part, I refuse to believe that even the best shysters of big cities are all like male delta-like this pitiful pile (short). Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more irritating than Calista Flockofducks with his false speech impediment of Hollywood "shshshs": it is the kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" turning it into an idiotic "SH" that Jon likes. Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal. Seeing MacNicol speak, I always wonder why his jaw does not dislocate ... The human facial anatomy was never intended to support the pronouncement of the "SH" sound more than three times per second. It is a medical marvel. <br /> <br /> This hodgepodge of badly conceived and written comedy, drama and comedy also features a very 90's PC. It has a POLITICAL CORRECTION written in huge neon letters. Is there anything more unreal than a group of LAWYERS full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Laughter, but that's the way defenders have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what is more noble than defending a murderer, a rapist or a thief? When a television series as long delayed as "Ally McBeak" begins to preach to the United States about how it should work in the country, then it is time for Paris Hilton to become President. "Ally McQuack" is as much a product of the recent uncontrolled Western catastrophe as its author. <br /> <br /> These so-called "eccentricity" touches, such as the incredibly annoying musical numbers, are not convincing and shamelessly graceless. This is not Monty Python. In spite of the "new" that the manufacturers without talent of this garbage looked for, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized television company aimed at indiscriminate yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It's another boring "rejected objection, your Lordship held, I can call the witness" legalistic nonsense that American audiences seem to eat with enthusiasm for some strange reason ...
