Unfortunately, the impression of the movie that we were going to see was burning in the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we got stuck with the video. It could even be a metaphor for this King Kong film by the unconditional director of Toho studios, Ishiro Honda. Essentially it's a warm up for "King Kong versus Godzilla." He even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film reaches its climax with King Kong fighting Mecha-Kong at the top of the Tokyo exhibition tower, but if you did not know, then maybe you are in the age group to which this film was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is headed by a guy named Rhodes Reason we've never heard of ... looking at his list, I see mostly many credits scattered on American television, so it's interesting that he's been dragged until Japan so they could have a nominal American hero. The true hero of the film is the most sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized for the iconic version of Hiroshi Inagaki's "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also for the original Honda Godzilla movies. I'm sorry, Rhodes Reason, whoever you are, but this guy has a lot more presence on the screen and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with the cute little blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way Reason would always find a way to get between Miller and Takarada, whom she seemed to prefer. Of course, like all the major ladies of Kong, their main relationship is with the King himself. She discovers a good trick: if you talk to a giant monkey really ... really ... slowly ... he will understand what you are saying. And if you're a blonde girl, that means he'll do whatever you tell him to do. That fact is not lost on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and on Madame Piranha (Mie Hama), who represent a "nation that will not be named", who plan to use it as bait to cause Kong to discover mineral deposits that are trapped in the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is truly the plot of the whole movie: apparently, only a giant monkey will be able to extract these minerals that can be used to make super powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuits get in the way, so they decide to go for the real Kong. Kong himself seems momentarily infatuated with Mecha-Kong, an element of the story that could have made the film more interesting but not followed. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the pretty blonde has shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her cheerful voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let it go at the end, they are talking all of us. Basically, this film wastes the possible majesty in Kong's character by turning him into a heroic and friendly figure too soon, like the most recent version of the story. Kong is just a guy in a costume in this movie, and they show enough of him to the point that it is impossible to take the silly face seriously. It's a pretty movie, I'm sure it satisfies the demands or desires of fans of this kind of thing, which is really more a fight movie than a monster movie in many ways. Monsters never really scare in these movies, they just jump and push each other a lot. It is not a worthwhile movie, but it is extremely predictable and formulated, so, for anyone under 10 years old, it is probably only entertaining as a comedy.
