This is an interesting turn to the left for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75 minute black and white Minnesota movie that features non-actors and deals with two people who find a connection through a search for extraterrestrial life. I applaud the boldness of the Reel 13 programmers to think outside the box when selecting this movie. I just wish they had chosen a stronger movie to be bold. In fact, I wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself (not that TWO HARBORS is completely without merit, but I'll see it a little later). ). <br /> <br /> As is common with independent films, TWO HARBORS is limited in terms of location. There are only two real places? a large scrap dealership market and a very small trailer, which is the home of the middle-aged main character, Vic, played by Alex Cole. The writer / director James Vculek uses the market configuration to provide an exhibition about Vic, who is one of the distributors there. He has several people who come to Vic and start very long conversations that provide only two pieces of information. Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "action figures from outer space") and is a caustic asshole. This is emblematic of one of the two key problems with TWO PORTS: all the chat. I've said it before and I'll say it again ?? We are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers need to work more to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but in general, is the endless pattern not so attractive in the movie? Especially if the dialogue is being used as an exhibition. Almost all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose. A notable example would be some scenes that show Vic trying to play as a Boy Scout leader to get a discount at a store. Argue with the employee from one side to another and these scenes do not even advance the plot an apex. This is the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute movie feel long. <br /> <br /> The other problem with TWO PORTS is the performance. I may be a little curious when it comes to acting in a movie, but I really do not feel there is a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. There are many good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work on low budget projects. even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers avoid the importance of the ability to act as something secondary to their images, but that is naive. In the film narrative, next to the story, nothing is more important than the performance / performance. If you do not believe in the people who are representing your story, your audience will be lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but as the movie went on, I decided that they were probably from the community. Theater type actors. It was not that they were uncomfortable in front of the camera. It's just that they were too theatrical (that is, big). Of course, the best actors were the two protagonists. Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young woman who gets caught up in Vic's extraterrestrial hunting. They seemed to have the most amount of training, but they were still a little rough. The eccentricities they showed seemed to be only superficial, not from a real, organic place. Ms. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. She definitely has a presence ?? a Midwestern charm about her, but that charisma contradicts the multitude of problems her character is supposed to have. She struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that arise from a supposed life of solitude and work (slave?), Trusting in common gestures such as rolling her eyes, biting her lips and stuttering to suggest her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO PORTS is not completely without merit and this is what I want to say. Without giving too much away, there is a fade to white one hour in the movie. After that, the story takes a surprising turn, allowing the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and really powerful. It's like a punch in the stomach, but in a good way. It is almost a great relief to feel something after so much time with these characters. The last five minutes of the film do not have any dialogue and the result is the best part of the movie? Subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work on the film) and most importantly, cinematographic. Then, with the closing credits, comes the most amazing revelation of all. which is based on a true story, which made me think. With all the dialogue, the minimal locations and the lack of cinematographic qualities, it occurred to me that with two actors of kick ass and a rewrite of tightening, TWO HARBORS could make a stage play really kick-ass? maybe even a single act. If there is any audacious theater producer reading this, I definitely recommend seeing if you can get the movie and contact the filmmaker, Reel 13 or whoever. After all, could there be something in this story ?? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other Reel 13 movie, visit its website at www.reel13.org)
