Genghis Cohn is a (slightly) slightly entertaining British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s who is obsessed with the ghost of a Jewish comedian who he killed 15 years earlier while working with Hitler in the SS. The ghost returns and wants his murderer to live as a Jew to atone for the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman really knows the name of this ghost because, the last thing he did before he died was He said, in Yiddish, 'Kiss my ass'. The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked until he found the meaning. The 'kiss on my ass' left such an impression that everyone involved in the murder learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Genghis Cohn. <br /> <br /> There is a group of men killed in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner, and there are no useful clues. The men are killed with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to buy a liver and onion sandwich, so the commissioner is suspicious. The first man is killed while making love with the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed all the men who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of the sexual act. <br /> <br /> I think I might be a little more angry than the ghost of Genghis Cohn if they killed me like him. He seems to be very nice about it, as if he had just suffered a minor car accident. I can only guess that it is because it is a British film and they are known to be very educated people. He uses some of his material from his stand-up route, and I just did not find it very fun. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie a 4 because it was a bit ridiculous. I thought I should have been a little more serious than I was. The movie turns out to be a murder mystery (where did this come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than him. The movie gave me a small look at Jewish culture, but it was only superficial. Do all Jews love liver and onion sandwiches? Does everyone say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their daily vocabulary? Are not there more important things we should know about culture? <br /> <br /> I watched this movie at a Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) We were 18, and after the movie they stayed about 20 minutes to talk about the movie. There were 2 main concerns expressed: 1. The film was too cheerful and future generations might not understand the seriousness of what happened and 2. While the Holocaust survivors are dying, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought that this second concern was ridiculous and I told them that I thought they did not have to worry because there is a lot of literature and there will always be people who like to watch movies, like me. The murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I write this last paragraph because I was in charge of telling others about my experience that day.
