Billy Chung Siu Hung's film Love to Kill (the bloody Assassin film since 1993) is one of the strongest products in the category III boom that inhabited Hong Kong cinema in the early 1990s. It consisted of films with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less free and shocked. Love to Kill definitely belongs to the category "more" with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. <br /> <br /> HK psychopath Anthony Wong (from the award-winning Herman Yau's The Untold Story, of the same year) plays a businessman and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung), who for some reason does not abandon him and saves herself and her little son from the disturbed torturer. A policeman (Danny Lee, the famous actor of police characters from films like Dr. Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and co-directed by Lee) and The Killer (1989) by John Woo, to name but a few), however, sees the problem. and he begins to protect his wife and son, but Anthony, of course, does not like this at all, and he takes them all to the typical ultra graphic and energetic end during a storm. <br /> <br /> The film is almost completely without any serious merit, since it is only a piece of exploitation to take advantage of when these types of movies were so popular. Images and events are something that was never found in Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and everything becomes even more hallucinatory when some / most of the taboos for Westerners, such as violence and perversions witnessed by a child, they break into these movies. Often, just reading the plot will make most viewers feel bad, and that's also perfect especially for this movie. <br /> <br /> The film still has a very interesting and spooky soundtrack in the tradition of the aforementioned Dr. Lamb that practically started the whole boom in 1992. Usually, the music and the soundtrack of the films of HK are interesting and are added to the images, especially in these horror movies. It is also worth mentioning the cinematography as the film is bathed, especially at the end, in blue colors and camera lenses (like Assassin, too), and the furious storm is captured very well in the camera. Otherwise, there is nothing that qualifies the movie higher than in the evil meter. <br /> <br /> The actors and actresses are talented and professional and, therefore, they do not make the film worse with their performance. Still, the film has the usual HK mood, which makes sick people sick even more when they add some "humor" to the soup. That includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on ... Something that could never be found in the "serious" western movies. And that thing usually destroys HK's films in another way worth mentioning, since humor is such an obvious way and tries to entertain the audience and the masses. <br /> <br /> The film has a very high level of indignation, since it has numerous scenes that represent the scene. abuse of Wong's wife in several ways. She is raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. We can also see some flashbacks from Wong's own childhood, which also turn out to be as violent as the one his own father killed and turned his son into what it is now. These flashback scenes, mostly at the end of the film, also include some totally unexpected experiences as the images accelerate (for example, the blows of an ax) and create a completely insane and petty atmosphere. Again, something that only the HK operating manufacturers seem to be able to find. The ending itself includes a lot of sudden and shocking gore when the madman handles his ax and encounters some nails, for example, in his furious manner. <br /> <br /> The movie is also really quite "suspicious" in my opinion. As violence and terror are realistically painful and they deal with things that should NEVER be taken as entertainment, I mainly refer to rape. The version I saw (I've seen two versions) includes a very long and nauseating rape scene that tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure the HK audience really likes images of this type, but I do not think anyone with a certain sense of morality in movies / entertainment would ever accept or do anything like that. Women are brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and lowly ways, so that the fate of men seems almost tame compared to women. <br /> <br /> The other version that I saw, the newly released DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this scene of "table brutality" in a much longer form than the subtitled Taiwanese DVD, which is otherwise identical to the HK version. I have also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from these two and, as the final credits are full of scenes and images that are not found in the film itself, it is impossible to tell how the "uncut" versions are that were released or They showed Theatrically they are Obviously, many images have been cut, possibly even before the theatrical premiere. <br /> <br /> The film is written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the first who also wrote films like Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988) but from his other films that I have seen, Love to Kill is the most free. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story are very brutal and violent, but they also have some attempts to criticize the authorities and men in general for the way it is easy to become a beast when pursuing or fighting. The heartbreaking image of torture of The Untold Story, whose victim is the criminal, is very strong and definitely has its impact to change something that may be rotten in society and among the police, for example. But there is none of this in Love to Kill, it's just an honest, calculated and made quickly exploitation that, by the way, is produced by a veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong ! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill does not win more than 2/10 of me, since I do not appreciate this kind of movies too much. (HK) Cinema must be and can be more, and films like Love to Kill are just commercial parasites that live among the true pieces of art.
