"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a film as such, but it is a short series of clips with a slapstick comic theme. This 'film' made Richard Lester recognized and paved the way for directing the first Beatles film: 'A Hard Day's Night'. <br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed and wrote the music of his first film This film was called The Running, Jumping and Standing Still Film in 1959. It was intended to be seen only by those who had helped in its production, since the film was intended to be seen by Lester and his classmates, only a small amount of money, and the time was spent.The only purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment to work the camera.The film had a cost of £ 70, and It was filmed in sepia, filmed in a field on a couple of Sundays, all the shots that were filmed were included in the final production, the final production lasted eleven minutes. <br /> <br /> The Running, Jumping , St Anding Still Film is a comedy about Sundays in English and the little hobbies that people do to pass the time. my. All the events in this movie take place in a field. Some of these comedic events include a woman who cleans a lawn, a man who runs around a tree stump with a needle to play a record, a photographer who develops a film in a pond, an artist helped to paint with numbers on the face of a model, a man building a tent, an athlete running over the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. The film not only makes fun of the hobbies that people do to pass the time, but also mocks the English culture in comparison with the American culture. Another of the several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite, which has been built with the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps inside the kite while the others try to fly it, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films of Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as a minor in power and technology compared to the United States during the space age. According to this scene, the British fly primitive kites, while the Americans, the world power after the Second World War, fly very advanced rockets and space shuttles.
