There is NOTHING great, current or intelligent in this movie: to like it only reveals an ignorance of true art cinema. How can you forget so easily that the central fact of this whole movie is that these bad and bad people are? . . SERIAL KILLERS! If you have to dismember strangers to "return to being a family," then we DO NOT WANT "to be a family." What part of that did you have trouble understanding? Why applaud this filth? <br /> <br /> THAT stupidity is what you do if you can not make art! The head and life of one must be deeply empty to confuse this superficial viciousness with "interesting". This is a camera without a brain. What really makes a work of art great is depth, questioning the status quo from a perspective based on a knowledge of history (or, in this case, a knowledge of ANYTHING would be preferable!). Instead, this is simply randomly accumulating the ugliest images available in a world in crisis, thanks to the kind of empty pettiness glorified as "great because it's so far away, man!"). These same violent events really happen, every day. They are NOT "alone in the movie". They refer to real soulless people who would do those same things to YOU. DO YOU WANT to have these things done to you? A child could have thought this, did not require imagination, is not surrealism. This shit has no content, it does not say anything, it's just the worst news of the night, and it does not say anything new, nothing that we do not yet know. It is "the new clothes of the emperor", the director who hopes that there are enough uneducated children, proud of their inhumanity streak, so that this neglected garbage will fly. Now I can see the insane fanatics of director Miike: drunk teenagers in their twenties and twenties covered in tattoos, with metal dangling from the holes in their faces, their knowledge base is inversely proportional to their own intelligence estimation. <br /> <br /> There is NO PARCEL to this, it is only the pure exploitation of violence of shock value. There is no "hidden meaning" in any part of this badly made movie. It's okay to explore a movie to see if you can find cinematic devices that are artfully art, BUT you can not discover a hidden meaning if there is not ONE! To DO that you need to see and review a REAL movie piece. There are MANY out there, led by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, William del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet . Why do not you see a REAL art movie like these giants? This aspiring director, Miike, will NEVER make a movie equal to one of the geniuses I just listed because he just does not have the talent. Anyone could slap some chaotic shit like "Visitor Q". The teenagers could put that together in one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no argument, none of that. There are long lists of ART movies that you can learn from, but this "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any way. It has no content for it. It's just a banal horror piled on top of another, and the point to remember about those horrible crimes is that these things HAPPEN, every day, somewhere in the world. They are not good because they are "alone in the movie". They refer to real soulless people who would do those same things to YOU. DO YOU WANT to have these things done to you? To others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to people who enjoy thinking about horrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are so many art movies out there to use your mind to deconstruct, but you're wasting your talent with this garbage. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why keep trying? I've spent almost 40 years watching virtually all the movies I've made and keeping up with all the new ones, but I've never seen anything so disgustingly useless like this. It is not imaginative or shocking, because this type of events occur daily throughout the world. Making this film, or even reviewing it favorably, has caused more than 50 airheads not to know that it is "great". They may grow up thinking that, by convincing others, some of whom will end up DOING these things: convicted murderers often reveal how they began in this way, by being insensitive to the horror of this appalling inhumanity. Trust me in this, I know it's great, and great this piece of junk, NO. Visitor Q feels like a genuine SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure it is not. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already horrible enough. Some violence like this COULD happen to YOU, or to the socially irresponsible director who created this movie FAKE Art. Believe me, you will not think it's "cool" when someone is cutting your skull in half!
