(GREAT SPOILERS) I've seen another Takashi Miike movie, and that was the very disturbing and brutal 'Audition', which was an examination of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In 'Visitor Q', which I believe means 'Visitor Question', examines, in a very disturbing way, the family unit. Miike's surrealistic vision of a dysfunctional family almost attempts to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and filming, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the public, are presented with a strange variety of scenes from the initial scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo, who was actually quite good) paying for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, when the father returns home, he is hit in the head by "the visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) wielding a rather large rock, and for some reason, they both end up back at the family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and harassed by her son (Jun Muto) who is also beaten and harassed by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, it is established in a somewhat threatening manner as part of the unit. Eventually, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, through milking breasts, killing and retaining a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer. . He has an uncomfortable mood, but he is also frustratingly silly and exaggerated in his rarity. There is a necrophilic scene that is totally disgusting, but ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can not believe that the filmmakers and the actors are really doing this. The style of the film is poor to say the least, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this does not pretend to be realistic, there is almost no interest in these characters and situations being confronted, since they all border on the absurd! The camera work is careless and does not have the cinematic feel that Lynch's work entails. It is difficult to take this film seriously on a surreal level or in an interpretation of the family unit exam in Japan. It seems that Miike was surprised, and the film seems aware that it is "trying" to be shocking, and it is almost comical to be taken seriously. In general, I would say that this movie is a strangely dark comedy, but it looks and feels amateur, and seems to want to surprise unnecessarily. The previous Miike movie, Audition, was well balanced between disgusting horror, character development and technique, which established more intrigue in the way the movie was designed to allow the viewer to get involved with the plot. "Visitor Q" is a step down, as it is too much about being extravagantly weird and intentionally confronting, without really having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** out of *****!
