I must say that this was a bit embarrassing for the "King of the Cowboys"; made in 1948, the image came out a decade after the first images of Roy Rogers in which he played a leading role. The character of Roy appears as a bit confused in this case, along with his female co-star Jane Frazee, who alternates his allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston, which portrays the bad boss Bill Regan. The whole story seems a bit confusing, with missed opportunities for what could have been an hour of entertainment. Like the legend of the 'Hangman's Hotel', for example, which says that the hanged man comes alive at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher, one would think that the story would get a bit of mileage from that setup. Instead, you have some complicated procedures that would have been more useful if it had been a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt at a contraption of an enchanted hotel that was based on poor Genevieve, who was told the truth, that she had more time on screen than Trigger, who has the "Smartest Horse in the Movies" contract and He has nothing to say upstaged by a mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage replacing Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but I was already halfway in the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady, good! <br /> <br /> However, you could still find an interesting element here if you looked hard enough, and it turned out to be the athletic dismantling of Roy's trigger when he was still running from the bad guys. Well, it was probably a double double, but I have not seen it before in a couple of hundred westerns. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee does the honors as a female lead in this picture, as she would in four other films opposite Roy in the time frame of 1947/1948. In "Under California Stars," she appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. However, you are never entirely convinced of which side will come in this story, as it begins to pretend to be someone who is not, and ends up on the side of the good man almost by accident. <br /> <br /> Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy films might be as surprised as I am to see James Finlayson here as the Sintown Sheriff. I would have liked to have a little more relief from the comedy written on his paper, but he interpreted it quite well after all. I had to wonder, when it was all over, why he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) ended up in the mine pit with Cookie when there was no reason for that to happen. Only one way to close it, I suppose, with almost everything that was thought of in the rest of the image. I hate being so hard, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers movies, you should know that this was not one of your best efforts. <br /> <br /> Tell me, Sintown: I wonder if that is the same place that grew to be Sin City?
