Here are the matches. . . (adv. = advantage) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to leave in seconds when the Warrior splashes it by the pin (4-3 adv. Warriors). He knew that Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was not so healthy, why bother having him on the card? This would be his last PPV. Finally, both Legion of Doom and Demolition work at a good price through a double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfect applies the Perfect Plex in Texas Tornado to the pin. Then try the same with Warrior, but Warrior does not sell it and throw it out. Warrior returns with a touch to hold Perfect and become the sole survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): the mysterious partner is The Undertaker and, in his debut makes Koko have an immediate impact with The Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say his correct height, his weight and his final movement while pretending not to know who he is) becoming the Dibiase team by 4-3. Niedhart power-slams Honky for the pin (3-3) and his career with WWF is over.A shortly after, it is Niedhart who falls victim to Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. The Dibiase team). the next after a double Ax Undertaker Drive off the top rope, but do not go silently attacking Brother Love. Undertaker chases Dusty and is discarded despite not being the legal man (2-1 adv Dibiase team) Almost immediately after, Greg is trapped in a crib By Hart, trying to put the fig ura with four legs hooked and trapped. It all comes down to Hart and Dibia. After a few minutes of nice fight, Bret gets his body brooch reversed by Dibiase for the pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is put to good use. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After passing a Time in the ring, Marty Jannetty gets the power hit by Warlord when he leaves the top rope for the pin (4-3 adv. Visionaries). Snuka is caught in seconds by Martel, who reverses the cross of his body (4-2 adv. Visionaries). Michaels is trapped in the Power Plex and is trapped by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Now it's Roberts against four men who resemble his Survivor Series effort two years earlier. Despite having beaten Warlord with DDT, Roberts is still chasing Martel. The Visionaries are the first team in the history of Survivor Series to fully survive as one. There is not much worth seeing to be honest, since psychology is rushed. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Metal Saw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): A Bossman blow eliminates Haku beginning of the fight (4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 for 4 after hitting Earthquake with him to be disqualified (3-3). Bravo commits suicide in his career shortly after allowing Hogan to cradle him for the pin (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake manages to overtake Bossman with two elbow drops for the pin shortly after (2-2). Hogan is defeated and FINALLY Tugboat receives a tag (who knew he was there at this time?), Fight for about 30 seconds before being counted with the earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. Barbarian puts up a good offense, but inevitably gets caught in the big boot and in the leg fall for the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) and Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries wore camouflage face paint. Fast lightning here with Santana fixing Zhukov in his last PPV in seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik confrontation. Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram even though Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and it would be his last appearance on WWF PPV when The Orient Express was repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana stuns him with his flying forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Even though Slaughter entered the ring against four men, he eliminates Volkoff (whose career ended after this), Butch and Luke in that order with relative ease. Finally, Santana defeats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, some interesting reservations even though the game was horrible. Santana takes the triumph of victory as the sole survivor and becomes his last best time. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg breaks and it's Hector Guerrerro in a silly suit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is booed by the crowd while Piper and Monsoon pretend that they are enjoying it. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v. Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations like Santana Pins Warlord in seconds with the flying forearm at least avenging their previous defeat at Summerslam (4-3 team adv. of Dibiase). Dibiase stuns Santana later for the pin (4-2 adv. Dibiase team). Hogan ejects The Power Plex and proceeds to hold Rome after a clothesline, effectively eliminating the thrust of Power and Glory (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan eliminates Martel by countdown and Dibiase with the leg fall for the pin (2-1 adv. Hogan's team). Hogan finally allows the warrior to enter the fight, which quickly gets rid of the ex-nemesis Hercules after a splash. A very predictable ending to the point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect as the wrestlers almost waited on a conveyor belt to be nailed. Most heels were decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to handle a large list of fighters.
