I came out of this movie with the feeling that it could have been much better. Instead of what should be an exciting and tense story of a child's struggle to survive in the desert, it is revealed when a National Geographic documentary meets the Columbia sportswear ad. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Brian (Jared Rushton) Preparing for a plane ride to see his father. Fortunately, his mother gives him the curious choice of an ax as a farewell gift (what happens to a Rubik's cube?), Not knowing how badly he will need it soon. Once in the air, the pilot of the plane (a Ned Beatty cameo that is not going to lose sight) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless when the plane crashes into a lake. Extremely fortunate to get away (or rather swim) virtually unharmed, Brian must find shelter, food and hope for rescue. <br /> <br /> This is where the main problem with the movie begins. Due to the nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has very few lines to speak, so the movie should have been compensated by increasing the tension of each scene. Instead, he is shown walking, sitting, and so on, with a minimal sense of danger. As a result, he relies too much on the flashbacks of the problematic marriage of the parents as a source of tension. These scenes simply get in the way and do not add much to the story. Worse, from time to time Jared? his face covered in mud - lets out one or two primary cries, evoking unfortunate parallels with 'Predator'. Speaking of unfortunate, we could have done it by preventing him from seeing his red mullet, but supposedly helped keep him warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a totally ineffective performance as the mother. Both she and the father have very little impact on the film. For example, we are never shown how they react to the news of Brian's disappearance, how they might be organizing rescue attempts, etc. This is just a source of tension that the filmmakers would have done well to explore instead of devoting so much time to the events that happened before Brian embarked on his journey.
