Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funniest women who have been on "Saturday Night Live." It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were in SNL during the longest stretch of writing and drawing sketches (circa 2002-2006) that the program has ever had. Still, these two women know what is more fun and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the credits of this film that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story for "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the actual script, consisting of a dialogue and all the important material for complete the blank space that turns a story into a multidimensional movie? Yes, only Shiraki. Only one boy wrote the dialogue for this film, and no woman apparently wrote the script with him. The result is a pretty cliché spring break movie that does not simulate false holidays as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey could have contributed his writing to the script, it would have been much less cliché. The premise is original, as it has about three women in their mid-thirties who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also in college) who never had the fun spring break trip they supposedly dreamed about. I say "supposedly" because you never know what is fun for these characters. They entered shows of talent in the past, where they sing old anthems in favor of women like "True Colors", and spend the nights together organizing parties to make their own pizza. Although none of them is especially unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them as they are. There is a scene in which a blind student of Poehler (played by her husband in real life, Will Arnett) invites her out, only to touch her face and immediately change her mind. If the character of Poehler is supposed to be unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The movie is still promising, although we have our doubts about the main characters, when the boss of Posey, the senator of Texas Kay. Bee 'Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) hires Posey to watch over her unpopular college-age daughter (Amber Tamblyn, who plays another sexy woman in real life, but not in the eyes of any characters in this movie ) while going to a vacation spot similar to Laguna Beach for spring break. Poehler and Dratch come, grudgingly berate themselves, party as they apparently should have done when they were in college, and then the final showdown with the bitches of the sisterhood of women led by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is An incredibly attractive woman who has a body, both women and men, would kill for different reasons. Unfortunately, his film career has had a difficult start with the abominably uncomplicated "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here, she plays a southern beauty, although her voice sounds as if she had stolen Delta Burke's voice box. She ruins it a bit too much, she tries too hard to play a deceptive bitch who says she looks as much like a caricature of pampered college kids as the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly to DVD despite the star power of Amy Poehler, but rightly so because the story is too cliche. It could also have been called "National Lampoon Spring Breakdown," and the magazine probably would not have filed a trademark infringement lawsuit because of the free publicity. If director Shiraki had given at least one creative input, especially to Rachel Dratch, this film would have been great and not as great as the frat comedies we've seen before. I know that Dratch will propose another fun concept, and I hope he is allowed to complete the rest of the script. It's funny enough and deserves more than this half-hearted comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother with open arms.
