Six for the price of one! So it's a good time for the cinegoers. It is not like this? Here is not one, not two, but all the SIX love stories, a cast of bollywood stars, plus all the stories in the genre of their favorite favorite directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You can see all the damn types of love stories that you have enjoyed or have tolerated for years. So it's not a big deal for you. Do you need anything more than this? No sir, thanks. Why Lord? Enough is enough. Please save them. They signed all the main stars that manage to sign, whether they require it or not, so they end up making a star circus, believe it or not. Too crowded Each thing represented here is exactly as prescribed in the bollywood bollywood textbook. Also, you have to justify the length given to each story, since each one has stars. Therefore, it is too long, three more hours. The gags are sharp. The characters are hairy. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution? Yes, you guessed it right, again. Filmy tested and tested. The same hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful costumes in the background. Why do not they have another job to do? All couples are sugary, fairytale type, perfect image. They are all beautiful. Does each story begin in a perfect way and, therefore, must it also end in that perfect and impossible way? Too much to chance. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times. Abnormal, bloody, unreal and escapist escapist stories considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian cinema. What a mockery of the sensibilities of today's audience? Yes, it could have worked as a parody if it had paid tribute to the love stories of yesteryear, but unfortunately that thing is not even explored. At least, director Nikhil Advani should have tried an unconventional and unconventional love story, but what about the tradition of being up to the commercial bollwood brigade? Oh! Someone has to follow, no. Imagine, on the one hand, that the audience finds it difficult to review one of those love stories and here we have six times more pain. I mean six damn stories. I mean double the fun of Mohabbatein de chopra (year 2000) In this time and at this time, get something real, boys. Now we are desperate to see some people not so colorful and not so bright stories. Oh, what did you just say now? That is entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time reading these reviews. Go in your place, have a little more of that entertainment! Thank you.
