Another great cast of stars, another set of glamor, another renowned director, another film full of songs that is at the top of the charts, but unfortunately what is missing at the end of the day is a story that all the spectators expect from a cinematic film of such a large budget. So much exaggeration is what lurked in the movie before the premiere of the red carpet. An exaggeration that reached the point where Anil Kapoor anticipates that the film would be one of the best love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well Anilji, what movie were you talking about? Well, the plot of the film is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a totally different attitude towards life, but despite their different approach to life, they all have a common problem, that is LOVE. Well, effectively, an attractive subject. But little we hoped that the film was so boring that it disappointed the last expectation that the public would have of a film so multistarrer. These are some movies that I totally hate because after spending a considerable amount of money on a multiple ticket I stay locked in the cinema for 4 hours waiting for the climax in an agony. <br /> <br /> The problem starts from the beginning. The director is so confused with the plot that somewhere is even baffled as to how to share the time slot with six different star releases. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan- (Whoever the woman is opposite to him) just do not make any sense for their existence in the movie. Salman (who calls himself rahul in a strange way for the whole movie, well, something like Rahoooooool) again, as usual, try to be more cool with his Videsi accent something Hindi. Hello Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least go and get advice from Abhishek to improve your acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the movie a blockbuster at all times. And Anilji stops shaving your beard or you look like a eunuch. And kissing a girl the age of your daughters looks as insipid as seeing Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And, please, Nikhilji, avoid putting such superfluous scenes in a movie that is not necessary for the shot. <br /> <br /> The other biggest flaw in the movie was that there was not a perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. . Each story itself seems as if it were taken from different movies, together to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood still has to learn a lot from films like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of threading the different unrelated sequences to form a perfect combined plot. <br /> <br /> Somewhere while I was evaluating pre-release movie reviews someone predicted that the movie would not be good because the title of this movie adds up to number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in Numerology. But I remain totally firm when saying that the film will not fail, not because of its Numerology flaws, but because of the large number of defects that persisted in the film. And when a director like Nikhil Advani can make such big mistakes in the entire history of the film, any wonder would not have saved the film from the bombing at the box office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for all of you is, please, avoid watching this movie at any cost. It's not worth a cake that pays for the ticket. In fact, there are currently better movies on movie screens that are worth seeing more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
