Who are these "them", the actors? the filmmakers? Certainly, it could not be the audience, this is one of the largest productions that exist. It's the kind of movie that looks like it was very fun to shoot. TOO MUCH fun, nobody is doing a real job, and that is almost always a movie that is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter puts on his glasses to emphasize the status of his character as a kind of doppleganger of the Bogdanovich with glasses; the scenes with the breezy Mrs. Stratten are sweet, but they have a shameful feeling, guys, I'm dating the prom, for them. Ben Gazzara wears his usual canine smile in a futile attempt to raise the scanty plan, which forces him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic in an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the respective children of the fledgling couple (nepotism alert: Bogdanovich's daughters) spit out cute and pick up some rather disturbing indicators of "love" as they watch their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, taking advantage of her dignity, manages to overcome the procedures, but she has the enormous challenge of interpreting herself, apparently.) Everyone looks great, but so what? It's a movie and we can expect a lot, if that's what you're looking for, you'd better take a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh, and it should be mentioned that Colleen Camp completely upset, even on the sidelines of her singing, which, while competent, is not convincing ... the numbers of the country and the west are very in disagreement with the standards of the soundtrack. Surely this is NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the title of the film is derived) had in mind; His theater musicals of the 20s may have been mild, but at least they had a lot of charm. "Everyone laughed" tries to stop their good intentions, but nobody, and least of all Peter Bogdanovich, has the good sense to put the brakes. <br /> <br /> Due in large part to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in Mr. Bogdanovich's heart: he even bought it from his producers, then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when It was not popular. Its rise and fall are among the most sympathetic and tragic stories in Hollywood, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... there is a real emotional reversal in the scenes of Mrs. Stratten. But "Laughed" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - following "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love", it was a thunderous confirmation of the phase of that PB has never emerged. <br /> <br /> In general, however, the movie is harmless, just a loss of rent. I want to see people have a good time, I will go to the park on a sunny day. For the filmic expressions of joy and love, I stay with Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
