This is a sad movie made for sad people. I was sitting in the theaters tearing my hair out, wanting to break the chairs in front of me when the movie spit out one scene after another. And there were people laughing out loud behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movies these people should be watching to really enjoy this horse party. <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories without an argument. and there are no interesting characters. The script is boring, I was probably drunk when I was writing this movie. There is not a strong control over any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to keep the public and full of dialogues that you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories is about this couple who can not have sex because of a series of disasters that happen every time they want to. I mean seriously, is this story really necessary? It's not fun, it's not creative, but it just proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another story (which was probably the only one that interested me) is based on the infidelity of a man and that also ends in a shit sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar of old age. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot was about. There was no problem in the plot to make it a plot. Can not you take the Karan Johar movie because you have to marry Salmaan? Why can not you marry him and still take the movie? Or is it that Advani and Priyanaka just want to show the world that, in fact, it is true that actors can not succeed if they are married or that they should not act in movies once they are married? With six actors in the film, obviously, Advani can not produce the film by himself. So he makes full use of sponsors like the Times group, shamelessly promoting his Filmfare magazines. And also some brand of jewelry that the women in the movie seem to love! I come to IMDb to give it the worst rating and I am surprised to see publications praising the film. It only serves to show the sad state of Bollywood and how the star hit the fans. With fans like these, movies like Salaam and Ishq will continue to be made and, what's worse, it will probably be a success.
