The problems with the Salaam-e-Ishq of Nikhil Advani are many. A concept of a line that looks good on paper (which also worked on a previous English movie, Love Actually) works very poorly thanks to inept and superficial writing. A well-intentioned idea collapses into an idea under the weight of its own gigantic ambition. A director so completely fascinated by his own highly acclaimed first film goes overboard with the devices that worked in his previous film (Kal Ho Na Ho); Try counting the number of times the split screen device is used in this movie. The problem is that what worked fabulously in Kal Ho Na Ho were the emotional excesses of the Karan Johar film school, but here, the "emotion" does not delight us with its appearance on the screen, no, not even with clarity. . The writer / director gives us "six relationships with a common problem: love", but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "emotion"? A 'homage to love' without emotion? And one that goes on and on and on ... No, it just can not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a portmanteau movie to work like this is that not only each individual story is 'complete', but that, in one way or another, it must follow the graph of The traditional structure of three acts (screen of guru, the paradigm of Syd Field). That is the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had a depth or roller coaster of emotional ups and downs that one expects in traditional Hindi cinema. Also, the link between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced. It is unclear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If you were required to be present at the wedding scene for a good summary, why not evoke some more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding as well? That would be cleaner. <br /> <br /> But yes, some of the stories had a lot of promise. On the one hand, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to address a very real situation: the crisis of middle age, but his journey is so linear that one wonders if it really was a problem. Similarly, the commitment problem in the story of Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also true to life. If only it developed a little better. I felt that the most promising stories in this mix were told from the male point of view, which is fine, but it reduces the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters, Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular, have all the depth of a half-filled bathtub. Was not this movie supposed to be about '12 different lives'? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn to act, while Vidya Balan is reliable and endearing as always. Anil Kapoor gets a written role just for him, but sometimes exaggerates the boredom of his character. Since she did not get a meaty character to play, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover it up. Akshaye Khanna is fine, despite having exceeded expectations in some scenes. Ayesha Takia does not have much to do, but she does remind us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her bravery in Dor. Govinda tries to compensate for that HUGE mistake called Bhagam Bhag, and he accomplishes it to a great extent. <br /> <br /> That brings me the most irritating clue of the movie (which unforgivably ends up monopolizing the maximum screen time) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is irritating mainly for them. But I must give you credit for its consistency. They are consistently BAD throughout the movie. Priyanka may well be the next queen of Hamming. I do not buy the shit that his role (that of an 'object girl') required him to act above the top. Someone should tell you the difference between being extravagant because the character demands it and frankly. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in his interviews and Bigg Boss, you'll know what I mean. I firmly believe that if Nikhil Advani had accepted Rakhi Sawant in this role instead of a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. The false Salman Khan accent is ... well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less accented than Salman's. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good touches of direction to the film. I particularly liked the use of gray as the predominant color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for his boring existence, and the bright colors that enter the story with the arrival of the other woman. But will anyone choose to paint their home in shades of gray varied and depressing? That is an acceptable film license, I would say. But when the film lasts almost 4 hours, it almost seems that the director is trying too hard for the audience to see his "touch" in an endless montage of boring sequences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater for as long as humanly possible: pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
