The concept of this horror movie made for television is ridiculous beyond words, but hey, it was in the late 70's and, literally, all the stupid horror formats were very profitable, so why not exploit the idea of ​​a satanically possessed dog? The plot of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe for fans of the horror genre: just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby with a nest of German Shepard puppies. Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the movie is about! During the opening sequence, the members of some kind of satanic cult buy a bitch in heat only to be impregnated by Satan himself. You would think that the Dark Lord has other things in mind than to fornicate with a German Shepherd and take over the world of an evil dog at that time, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen", one of the puppies is taken by the model family and grows to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But lucky? That is the name of the dog ?? It is pure evil and liquidates annoying neighbors and meddlesome teachers in derivative forms and executed with kindness. It also inflicts its evil character on the wife of the family and children, but it can not force the father (Richard Crenna) to put his arm in a lawn mower because he is a "chosen one". Everything becomes too absurd for the words when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to look for an old mural painting and receives advice from an old sorcerer who speaks perfect English. I guess he learned to live isolated on the top of a mountain all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's wrong with Helen", "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("Wait for the dark", "Evil") desperately try to create a mysterious and suspenseful atmosphere, but all it is in vain. Scenes like cute puppy eyes ignite spontaneously a Spanish maid or a dog dodging bullets without even moving the evocative giggles instead of fright, and not even the eerie musical melodies can take risks. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end when Satan's dog mutates into a completely corny shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really silly movie, but it's definitely fun to watch it late at night with some friends and a lot of liquor. There are entertaining short cameos from Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the terrifying cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as the evil seller of fruits, vegetables and puppies. And, yes, that annoying daughter is the same child who is surprised when she complains about her ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
