'Baptists at Our Barbecue' is the best movie ever made. Now that I've caught your attention with that horribly inaccurate statement that should be an offense, if you tell me, let me begin with my brief description of this sticky, offensive, pretentious, boring piece of junk, I suppose I could consider a movie. In the first place, the low budget of this stinking one is totally obvious, based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa, and on the morose, overly preacher, plaintive and striding script by F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormon message and against any other religion. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main characters and models to imitate are Mormons and so good and perfect, however, they are being persecuted by the evil, intriguing and very critical Baptists. It shows how beautiful Mormons are and how cold and ignorant Baptists are, instead of showing a little solidarity, it would be appropriate and realistic. I am not part of any religion (actually I am an atheist), but this offended me, along with another countless number of Baptists most likely. It shows the Baptists as not very open and not very welcoming to the Mormons, and the Mormons are very receptive, when, again, in reality there is a mutual sympathy / disgust between them. I'm sorry, I did not mean to mislead. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of 'Baptists at Our Barbecue' that did not bother me much was the performance. The performances are very amateur and unnatural, especially the female lead Heather Beers. Miss Beers wobbles through her part without any passion or feeling for her role, and I was not too impressed by Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this lack of cinematic image, but I must say he is much more talented. Or show more talent in this movie than Heather Beers. Whoever played the sheriff of the city was also horrible. Although there may be a small laugh inside the movie, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds comfort with a Native American who always gives him the best advice on things related to a tribal lifestyle. How cliché is that? To make the situation even more a pathetic cliché, Tartan buys the poor and lonely pagan a puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far as possible from 'Baptists at Our Barbecue'. I saw it on the shelf and I thought it would be a cute and interesting little indie about religion. All I got was, well, a piece of shit. Grade: D- <br /> <br /> my grading guide - A + (absolutely impeccable); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (great); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutely horrible); F (not a redeeming quality in this piece of Hollywood stool).
