As expected, a Mazursky film made in the 70s would be counter-cultural, sympathetic to hippies (and would have many hippies) and, naturally, is childishly anti-authoritarian (for example, the scene in the Mexican scene). at the border, when Sutherland provokes a customs officer showing little respect and then accuses the latter of having him open his luggage just because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant trickle of the left could have gotten on my nerves if I had not been prepared for it in advance; Sutherland reflects aloud to his family and friends about possible movie ideas for his next movie, and most of these ideas are about blacks or Indians (needless to say he would be welcome with open arms in today's Hollywood). One of his cinematic ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills, a race war, so to speak, in the middle of L.A .. This is the kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks when he writes screenplays for his films. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this premise of the black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; A little later, the Jewish man mocks that Sutherland makes a film about "masturbation and the problem of blacks", when the latter begins to talk about masturbation. Another fun moment is when Sutherland's eldest daughter plays some PC on stage with her white classmates, and they all say: "We, the blacks of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There's always a certain amount of complacency when Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood, especially when it's about a Hollywood movie that talks about Hollywood making movies. Now, that's very, very self-indulgent, by the way. However, the scene with Fellini (interpreting himself) is more fun than annoying. Mazursky throws to the soup the children of the standard flowers and the anti-Vietnam shit, and also mocks corporate Hollywood, but was part of "the fake Hollywood" (lyrics of that song in the surrealist war). segment) like any other person; I'm pretty sure he also does fake chats at the Beverly Hills parties and smiles shaking as he shakes hands with people he does not know or do not know, but whose money he wants for his next (left). ) draft. As for her hair: she has the worst hair I've seen in a long time (in the movie or elsewhere); It's kind of like the kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he grew it. The film is still relatively interesting despite its lack of objectives, but it gets stuck a bit in tedium in the last third. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by email.
