This is one of the most boring horror movies I've seen, since it's absolutely horrible, John Carradine has a very limited screen time. All the characters are boring, and the story is terrible, besides, I could see that the two turns at the end come miles away! The excellent scenery and the spooky house would have definitely helped if it had not been so boring, and there is not a character that supports either of them, and I hope it reaches the bottom of the 100, because it deserves to be there in my opinion. When John Carradine finally appears at the end, it's a pretty good scene, but it's already too late, and the only moment of the screen he had was in flashbacks, besides that the only really bloody scene in the movie is when a character gets his face. Messed up by Bee's, as it was quite bloody. I got this on a horror DVD set called Back From The Grave and, in my opinion, they all acted in an exaggerated way, and it's a good thing that it was included in a set that I bought, otherwise, I would have thrown this out the window ! This is one of the most boring horror films I've seen, since it's absolutely horrible, John Carradine has a very limited screen time, and I say avoid it like the plague. You do not want to go through torture. The address is absolutely terrible! Carl Monson makes an absolutely terrible! I work here, making everything look cheap, wasting its potential on creating a creepy atmosphere and keeping the movie at an incredibly boring pace. The acting is equally bad. John Carradine is good at his scene, but other than that, he's barely in the movie, except in the flashback scenes. (Carradine ruled!). Merry Anders comments here terribly as Laura, since it did not convince me at all. Ivy Bethune is fine, and somewhat creepy, but also exaggerated, she had a spooky smile at the end. Rest of the cast, I did not pay enough attention as well, since I had many problems to overcome it, but they were all very bad. In general, please avoid this, it is not worth the agony! PUMP of 5
