Offering a killer combo of terrible writing, terrible acting and terrible direction, is a fight if Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects is offensively bad or simply hilariously bad. It's almost as if someone were competing to make the most sordid and sordid Cannon movie. As if a look at a list of actors that included characters like 'Lesbian Pediatrician', 'Perverted Gentleman', 'Porn Actress' was not enough, it's your only chance to see the Charles Bronson policeman take a bad life in the bed and take a dildo. but do not worry, it's okay, since the shouts off the screen make it clear that he's just torturing him for information. After all, even if he's a bit overprotective of his nice Catholic daughter, he's a good Catholic policeman who regularly brings a packed lunch to local Catholic priest William O'Connell and believes in poetic justice, or at least assures that bad ends In the slammer with the most horny prisoners, maximum security can provide them to try their own medicine. But that's what you get for saying "Look, I think you're a bit unstable." Even so, when he is later offered a bribe, he can snarl "I'd like to get this in your ass, but I do not want to get my hands dirty," he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he simply does a $ 25,000 watch and set fire to your Cadillac. The anal obsession continues to the title of the film: despite the poster with a Japanese girl naked in a set of porn movies, the only direct example of Kinjite / forbidden themes of the film, as explained by the English teacher of Alex Hyde White to a group of Japanese businessmen, that is, we are talking about your bowel movements in the educated society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not only too old for this, since the opening fight is too light, he is too old for love, Peggy Lipton, and she seems old enough to have adult children. A better actor than he ever had credit for when he was given the right material, here he is given a less thoughtful character than a series of extravagant reactionary whims. When he is not expanding the circles of suspects, he accidentally throws them to death on the sides of the buildings. Definitely not a P.C. Copper, with a special hatred for the Japanese, as if it were not bad enough to buy American business, what's worse, they are double-parked on a public highway! No racial minority is left without assault, whether it's a black pimp or an employee of a Pakistani hotel, no cliché of unrecycled cops, be it a boss who hits his fist on the table or a dead meat colleague (Perry Lopez and his dye for spectacularly bad hair that is so prominent that it deserves billing screen all its own). The twin plots of the plot: the policeman of Bronson's L.A. that tries to knock down Juan Hernández's pimp who deals with underage girls and the Japanese businessman obsessed with James Pax's porn. Take an eternity to intertwine, and then one of the most unlikely ways: after touching Bronson's daughter on a bus ("An oriental guy touched my saint!"), On the idea of ​​poetic justice of the movie, Pax finds his own daughter. Kidnapped by hernandez. You almost expect the writer to stick his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere, under all the laziness, is the germ of a good idea, even if it is too confused and developed to be clear on what that idea really is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: Archie Bunker's version, filmed as a product of an 80s R-rated music video, with an outrageous and rather lazy session on the dock The "up and up" ending that sees a small army of peers of artillery appears suddenly to raise the free body count. Is the last of Bronson's mostly bad in different collaborations with J. Lee Thompson? and, unfortunately, Thompson's latest film as a director: it is bad approval for two undervalued players who, increasingly, never seem to be so demanding about the images they said they did.
