The legacy of blood begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) to the estate of Dean that was previously owned by the late Christopher Dean (John Carradine); Upon his arrival, he is received by the four sons of Mr. Dean, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) plus Leslie (Brooke Mills) and his partner Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake reproduces a recording of his last wish of father after his death, the patrimony for 136 million dollars will be divided equally between his four children, if one died, the money would be divided equally among the rest and if all were for Die the strange servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and Frank (John Russell), the most mundane in name, would pocket the lot. Well, I am not satisfied with a quarterly participation of $ 136 million (which is still almost $ 35 million in 1971, which does not sound bad to me) someone decides that he wants everything for himself and it does not take long before they appear decapitated heads. The fridge ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me for two reasons. To begin with, the alternative and much more common title of this film is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of a dark horror film directed by Andy Milliagn in '78, which I've always wanted to see, both films are mixed regularly and that both have similar stories and when I checked my cable television guide on the screen for Legacy of Blood, I got excited because it said it was the Milligan movie and I even mentioned it as a director, so when I sat down to watch it I heard the voice of John Carradine and I then knew that it was not Milligan's movie that I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is the simple but undeniably simple fact that Blood Legacy is a total piece of shit that is literally painful to watch sometimes. The screenplay by Monson and Eric Norden is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely strange in an annoying way, the monster of a servant who asks his sister (?) To do it for the cane, the strange set of Sisters and Sisters that are absolutely unpleasant and are so far from the reality that any tension or mystery that The simplistic whodunit story that could have been achieved is very absent and then there is the end of the turn that you can guess in the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it has a poor pace and it's just a task to think about it. Please, have someone save me, since this is really bad. I could continue all day about how bad the blood legacy is, I really could. <br /> <br /> Director Monson was working with a nonexistent budget or, judging by this, he should not even have been directing the traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it is badly photographed and there is no atmosphere or fear. Blood and blood are docile, there is an ax in the head, a decapitated head, a scene in which the wasp kills someone and the best murder when the piranha eats someone's face. However, there are question marks about this scene, so there's the victim, right? There's the piranha tank, right. The head of the victims is placed in the piranha tank, on the right. Pirahna eat face of victims, to the right. The water remains crystal clear even though the victim ate the face, where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically, the blood legacy is terrible, it looks horrible, the sound was obviously filmed live and it's hard to hear. The terrible dialogue is perhaps a blessing in disguise. The performance was not going to win anyone any prize that is safe, the less said, the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible movie, there really is not a single positive aspect or if you can not think about it. Do yourself a favor and do not worry about this, there are much better movies out there.
