*** SPOILERS *** With a meeting of relatives and servants of the late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear their last will and testimony, they are a little surprised by Dean's fortune, about 140 million dollars. The money will be divided among them, but only after they spend a week in the Dean mansion. It seems that there was a confusion in the story when we later discovered that it is really a restful night, not a few weeks of vacation, at the mansion for guests to qualify for Dean's money, since almost everyone ends up dead at dawn. The first victim of the curse of Dean has nothing to do with obtaining and the money of the heirs of Christopher Dean, the local bailiff Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta has his head cut refrigerated and then served on a tray to a group of guests in shock. Later that night, the cute little Chin Chin and Laura, Jeff Morrow and Marry Anders, meet in the pond the little puppy that kills outside. <br /> <br /> The film makes all the people who stay at Dean Mansion removed one by one until it is revealed who is really the killer. Then we have what seems to be a double twist in the story in which the original murderer dies suddenly along with two of the last remaining guests. The real murderer ends up not only receiving all the loot, 140 million dollars, but ends without having to divide it with his accomplice doing it to him or her, giving him a poisonous cookie that kills him on the spot. Br /> <br /> It does not make sense who did it, and in the haunted house, film with a cast of characters so immoral and unpleasant that even a mother, much less the audience, would have trouble liking it. There is everything you can possibly think of in the movement that involves the selective guests that include the S & M sadism of incest and, of course, the double dealing and the stabbing without even telling the murder. You can not care less who of the guests survives to collect Dean's fortune at the end of the film hoping against hope that none of them will. <br /> <br /> Even the big surprise at the end is not. It really is a big surprise since the identity of the murderer is disclosed to the filmmaker who has forgotten to keep his face in the shadows so you can see who he is even before he reveals himself! Then we have a plot twist that eliminates the killer along with a number of remaining guests just to make the movie a bit more confusing than it already is. The final twist of the plot, which can be seen from ten miles away, was only to show how clever the killer was so obvious that he cheated on almost anyone watching the movie.
