I've been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I'm Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and I go to church of my own accord, which probably puts me at the end with some of Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. It is right to document the sociological aspects of it, that is, one faith builds its vacations on the other and that many wars have been initiated due to religion (or, more precisely, by the sinister appeals of men to the ultimate authority and unquestionable of God), but said that never looks at its positive side. Frankly, I think hell would freeze before Bill ever humiliated himself and traveled to the slums of Calcutta, where Mother Teresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. She is dead now, of course, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest in East Los Angeles who runs Homeboy Industries, who works with young men typically with gang and prison backgrounds to teach them professional skills, remove their tattoos and become responsible members of society, or could visit the Institute of Advanced Catholic Studies of the USC, which has brought together some of the world's leading theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to study ways to ethically integrate the poorest countries in the world global capital markets and thus improve the standard. to live for half the people in the world who live on less than $ 1 per day. Of course he will not because that would require him to consider evidence that does not easily fit into his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it's much easier to keep making sarcastic and superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> That fits in with Bill's other big problem, which is that he never submits to anyone at his level or that he is better than him. In this movie, you have Maher, the Cornell graduate, who spends most of his time talking to truck drivers at a non-denominational Christian truck stop service, at a nightclub with a Dutch guy who smokes marijuana all the time time, with the minister of a showcase church. in Miami, which claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and with an actor who plays Jesus in a "Holy Land" theme park. <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, beyond some superficial speculation next to a Doctor in the Grand Central station that religion chemically alters the brain as drugs do and religion is The fallacy of tradition produced in the masses, is any kind of serious and questioning interview with professors of philosophy and theology of schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, which could easily be rhetorically beheaded in a debate on the subject. You will not see any serious discussion of any of C.S.'s writings. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course, you will not find any discussion of any of the non-Abrahamic beliefs (Judaism, Christianity, and Islamism). All that is obtained at the end of the day is an example of a condescending and slender elitist book from the west side of Los Angeles that makes a film for its own class and that has absolutely no level of understanding of how the other half of America that the elected George W. Bush (twice) lives his life or the school of thought behind him. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill says, but for someone who has his intellect and influence, this movie was Nothing short of pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual ferment that independent documentaries usually bring can find more stimulation in an old Teletubbies replay.
