I rented this shortly after renting "Expelled" from Ben Stein and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before moving on, it seems fair that I indicate the following so that the reader can see if I have prejudices or not. I try to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy Mabo's HBO show from time to time, though I rarely think it's the source of humor. I do not care much about their support either. But it makes some good points in the program from time to time, and I liked it Politically incorrect, although it was still politically correct (which I consider negative because the term itself seems Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views, I will say for reasons of simplicity that I am not a denomination. Christian with some points of view that are objectivist and other mixed agnostics. <br /> <br /> That said, this is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not been addressed by many critics, although the ones mentioned are valid as well. The reason why it is not convincing is not only that it argues the main point without letting others speak (and its point is reduced to nothing logical, it is simply "come on, really?", That it is not a point, just a Ask David Hume if you want a decent argument, the reason why this is not convincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject, I saw this about 2 months ago and I only remember him talking to a person whose credentials as a professional They mentioned if he was not a clergyman.There are probably hundreds of scientists or, at least, professors with master's degrees or doctorates who want to do some verbal combat, particularly in the fields of History, Anthropology or many others. <br /> <br / > If one compares this with "Expelled: Intelligence is not allowed" by Ben Stein, he will find that Stein interviews some 30 accredited professors, professionals, clergy, etc. He does so with a variety of sources with diverse backgrounds. in his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have pointed out the errors committed by theocratic rules over the centuries or the persecutions because of this. Instead, it refers to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as evidence of why secularism needs more sociopolitical power. (I think it's in the additional features where he's standing in front of Anne Frank's house). This is a true Orwellian head trip. In particular, he blames Christianity for many senseless deaths, which have had their share, although much smaller than most! - without even including a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because that argument is dwarfed by the miserable record of the secular humanism of the twentieth century ONLY. <br /> <br /> Another obvious weakness is their unwillingness to talk to someone who considers themselves a moderate or "average" practitioner. Choose the weakest gazelles in the pack. How hard is that? How is the existence of exceptions verified to refute the general rule? It is not like this. Wow, then do people in the cults think outside the norm? How enlightening to know this. Great job Maher! Again, it would be fairly easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work to refute the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that requires a person to fight in any war in which their country is involved. <br /> <br /> Beyond all That, it's just not so funny here. Some of the clips that overlap in "smart" out-of-context / irreverent ways can cause a laugh, but mostly they serve to illustrate how a true Maher contextual argument will NOT be published, let alone convincing. He spends most of his time beating Christians, spewing inaccuracies and interviewing marginal groups that does not really answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions to honestly ask religious people. and many must ask of themselves. He touches almost none of these. I have the feeling that he could have responded much better to most of his questions than to the people he interviewed, but everything sucks to stack up in terms of what is included and what was deleted.
