1998 John Boorman's general was hailed as an important reappearance, although it is difficult to see why in the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films made that year about the famous Irish criminal Martin Cahill (along with Ordinary Decent Criminal and Vicious Circles), has a lot of incidents and styles (the film was shot in color but was released in b & w Scope in some territories) Absolutely without impact and continues forever. With a main character that threatens witnesses, doctors' car bombs, make a hundred people lose their jobs, tries to buy the daughter of the sexual abused of one of the members of her gang so that she does not leave the jail. he is still a popular local legend, a sufficiently attractive personality so that his wife not only approves, but actually suggests a trio with his sister, he needs a central charismatic performance to sell the character and the film. Do not get it. Instead, it's full of what might be Brendan Gleeson's worst and most disinterested performance: he delivers his lines and is in the right place, but there's nothing to suggest a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character . On the positive side, this helps not decorate too much a character who is nothing more than a selfish bully, but disagrees with a script that seems to be waiting for us to love him and his antics. <br /> <br /> There is a minor section that arouses interest when the IRA flogs a local campaign of hatred against the 'General' and his men, painting them as 'antisocial' drug dealers simply because Cahill will not share his booty of an I steal from them, but their temporary resolution is so loosely arranged, something to do with Cahill donning a balaclava and joining the protesters that we are expected to find blatantly innocent, that he simply throws himself away. Things are more successful in the last third as the pressure increases and your army falls apart, but by then it is too late to really worry. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the beautiful Angeline Ball do a good job of worshiping supporting roles, but Jon Voight's hamma Garda seems to be more there for American sales than for moral equilibrium, overcompensating the non-participation of Gleeson in what feels like a total fire failure. Zardoz returns, everything is forgiven.
