As with any film genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would have dozens to choose from. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first to appear in my mind is one that still has me in a kind of depression and disappointment for a week since I saw the movie for the first time and I promise, the last time. That movie is "El General", not related to the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very dry and very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story (it's more than easy to follow), but about why the filmmakers chose to make this rather weak effort. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007): two top mafia movies: "The General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who began his long chain of crimes by stealing food as a teenager and then stealing museums and houses as an adult. Meanwhile, the police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) tries to prove one of his crimes and condemn it (or kill her) with desperation and vigorously. <br /> <br /> Maybe because it's a movie in the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films of "The Godfather", I expected too much from "The General". But that may be too easy. This would have been a bad movie if I had not seen the aforementioned masterpieces, before being overwhelmed by boredom in this oater and its execution time too exaggerated to shout bad scenes. Let's start hitting the movie just by looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and cinematographer Seamus Deasy chose to film this film in black and white, while their style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a full-fledged color film. Now I have nothing against black and white images, not even those made in today's times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was filmed in black and white in more than ninety percent and is a masterpiece. "El General", made only five years after "Schindler's List" is not. The cinematography is also too muted with high-light keys that seem very distracted and give the film a quality very similar to that of a video game that I found simply annoying. The filmmakers obviously opted for a realistic documentary style, as did "Schindler's List", but fail to make it look too much like a documentary and, at the same time, too much like a classic style film. The performances in the film range from passable to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight showed a decent enthusiasm for their roles, but sometimes it seemed to me that even they resented the horrible script they cited. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it an appeal of 40s crime-noir, but that also fails because, once again, it looks a lot like a contemporary image and seems very out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is not a single character in the movie so I felt emotions or opinions. In fact, for each moment of each scene, the only thought that went through my head was "well? And what?" The moments that in a better film can seem shocking or frightening are boring and have been here for a long time. I did not sympathize or hate the character of Brendan Gleeson because the way the character in Cahill is written is simply flat and boring. Gleeson simply plays against the common criminal and does not hit with the impact that the real Martin Cahill obviously had. If a character is killed (as they always are in gangster films), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just say "so what?" And that's all I did during the entire execution time of this very delicate and ill-made crime movie.
