Some funny bits, but see Bill! A movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep the TV show and the interviews, but a movie? I'm probably exaggerating, but it's an unnecessary provocative movie ... I do not know. I laughed, I disagreed, I agreed ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very arrogant ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the dividing line between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the main problem in this movie is its lack of sensitivity. This could be just a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly downgrades someone can not be taken as true. Bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible, but the answer can not be sensible. It will create unnecessary agitation. We can do better than simply reacting to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and he tries fervently to convince the spectator that nobody knows anything, to the point that the agnostic community has worried about his lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility that he only knows he does not, is a contradiction, since he tries to insist that all religious thought has no meaning. <br /> <br /> I had a lot of trouble seeing fragments of Zeitgeist, the movie in Bill's movie. movie. All the lack of meaning that influences astrotheology that simplifies all religions like it is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist has sparked much controversy and has ruined the validity of much of the valuable Religion Studies scholarship. It is very sad that erroneous data have been thrown without reliable academic sources. The astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "the stars say it all" seem to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement of a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic than the defense of all issues such as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to oversimplify and generalize the main problems in humans. history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (it has interviews and funny snippets) but PLEASE, do not behave like Bill. You can not expect someone to have a mature conversation if you are making sardonic comments on all the other lines. Their argumentation techniques are degrading and insulting, provoking emotional reactions instead of rational and logical arguments. There has to be a more mature way of dealing with these problems.
