Written by one woman, and directed by another. Whoppie Are we on a feminist trip or what? Fasten your seat belts, ladies, as we are about to enter a world of evil men and innocent and well-intentioned women. <br /> <br /> In this debugger, Trish meets a man from the employment agency who behaves. look, and dress like a pimp (!) and give him a job with the hope of sticking it some time later. In his office, he even touches his chin the way a heavy megalomaniac in a Bond movie would touch a girl right after he captured her and just before he is ready to kill her along with Bond. Some time later, the pimp / employee stalks Trish in a lady's dressing room, harasses her and even comes close to raping her. Oh, these evil, evil men. They are all bad, you do not know. You can not even look for work today without being raped, right ladies? Well, we will show you! In this film there is a kind of divorced women's club or something, led by a Janet Leigh that speaks for all the women involved in this movie when she says that "men are all s ** t". She complains about how terrible men are; She has been divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses that statistic as an argument that men are all "bad," must have realized in the long run that the explanation might be elsewhere. It must occur to him that: a) she is a bad judge of the masculine character, or, much more likely, b) that SHE is with whom it is impossible to live together; her former husbands were probably the victims, or if they were actually a ** holes then she probably got what she deserved. (Does not the likes of Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor demonstrate this point? Show me a nice woman who has married so often and I'll show you how to get to the planet Mars using only skates and a ladder.) Trish finally he finds a type of computer that restores his faith in men, but he has his horses; This guy turns out to be married, so he proves WITHOUT doubts that men are all "bad". If it were not, of course, an old veg seller who loves his wife even though she is still dead, which shows that all men are "bad", except for the kind old people whose penises do not work and who "can" Anyway, do not get "why they are forced to abandon the life of a holocolism ** and finally give women the respect they deserve." Even the male characters of support are all "bad", the black man in the employment agency is hostile, and the guy in the morgue is rude, and insensitive (the bastard, * sob * ... * sniffle * ??) And what about this corny end? .. Minutes before the hour of the Court, Trish abandons the claim of her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally make that leap to the pool ... What is all that? Her jump to the pool is then, very predictably , frozen when the credits begin to play, while the music that inspires me in life I do not need revenge or my husband's money begins to appear. Their girlfriends are surprised by their abandonment of money claims, but they are not surprised for long and soon begin to joke about what Trish's lawyer will suffer from a heart attack when he finds out about this. The shy lawyer is naturally a man. An evil, evil, terrible "bad" man, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; all they care about is money; They do not know anything about the highest values ​​of life, like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this one; They approach the sexes, but the most important thing is that they teach girls and young women that men are bastards, bastards, selfish and persecuted by skirts, that will leave them in a world of poverty and misery the first opportunity they have. So, girls, open your mouth and put your tongue in your girlfriend's mouth. Lesbian power
