I have been working on a collection of Lugosi movies recently, and a few days ago I was impressed by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat". I really wanted to see your collaboration in "El Cuervo." Unfortunately, it did not work for me, and at the end of the movie I was quite disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie, or at least, I thought the story lacked real suspense. Lugosi was doing a good job of keeping things together like Dr. Vollins, a surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) who tries after a car accident but can not have her. Partly because she is already committed, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapproves. To deal with that situation, he asks for the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff), a horribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make him look more acceptable. However, apart from Lugosi's performance, I found little to keep my interest. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie changes completely. Suddenly, it becomes quite suspenseful, but I thought that Lugosi's performance fell apart, largely because the film tried to change it from crazy to crazy, and there is a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well controlled and in control but evil. "Crazy" is an evil more out of control, and I did not believe that Lugosi achieved it well. At one point, he offers a maniacal laugh that simply seems false. Meanwhile, Karloff was a big disappointment. He never grabbed me at all. As a side note, it must have bothered Lugosi that, in the films in which he is a co-star, Karloff gets the best mark, although in "The Raven" it is clearly Lugosi who is the main actor. This undoubtedly gives an idea of ​​how Universal qualified its two great terror stars; inexplicably, I would add, because I have always considered Lugosi as the best actor of the two. <br /> <br /> In any case, there is no real connection to the story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven", except that Vollins is a Poe fanatic, trying to recreate some of the torture techniques of the stories of Poe. In general, a disappointment. 4/10.
