Previous commentator Steve Richmond stated that A Walk On The Moon is, in his words, "not worth his $ 7". I ended up paying a little more to import what is one of the worst quality DVDs I've seen, from this movie or from any existing movie. Even when you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly obtained from an intertwined teacher and is simply unpleasant to see it in motion, the movie does not have redeemable qualities (except for the presence of Anna) to make it worthwhile to watch a Blu-Ray transfer high quality. It is not that this is the fault of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen have a high score in relation to Anna Paquin in the performance skills table. Much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill, despite an equally bad script, anyway. The curriculum of director Tony Goldwyn is nothing special, but Pamela Gray's resume includes Wes Craven's most dramatic excursions outside the horror genre or the slasher, so you can forgive one for thinking that this is a case of bad direction. <br /> <br /> As I have already indicated, the only reason I saw this movie is Anna Paquin. In her debut as an actress, she acted literally as industry veterans with a minimum of twelve years of experience above her own under the table. While she's not so ahead of her castmates here, her performance as a girl who starts the snot piece and turns into a woman whose world is collapsing around her, proves that her Oscar was not a coincidence. For some time now, I have been telling my friends that it would be the best option to portray the heroine of my second complete novel, and a seventy-three minute dialogue in this movie is another demonstration of why. This woman could literally act the paint on the walls. Leaving aside Anna, only Liev Schreiber approaches to provoke any sympathy from an audience. Of course, his character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis, but interprets the angry reaction of a man who feels cheated brilliantly. I should know, even if it's not for the same circumstances here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves credit for his interpretation of a street vendor, though perhaps not to the same extent. As a way of speaking, he is the villain of the piece, but he successfully gives the character a third dimension. Yes, your actions, even after everything explodes, are dishonest, but not many men would act differently in your situation. Nobody wants to be the other man in this kind of messy situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for trying it here. Unfortunately, all of these are participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the Mills And Boon archetype of women who are the only ones who feel that life is happening simply does not exist. Both writer Pamela Gray and director Tony Goldwyn thought they could put this line in the film without thinking about how the audience could receive it. Anna even talks to the public's mind when she asks Diane who is going to teach someone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie has a couple of things, besides Anna defends it. The original music of Mason Daring, although it does not stand out in any way, gives the film a certain feeling of being connected to the represented time that helps the other elements do not do so. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a great actor, putting Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. He is also quite right that when the film is prolonged on scenes of Lane and Mortensen submerging or mounting each other under a waterfall, he loses the focus of being a story of a transgression and becomes a soft pornography. The film seems somewhat confused about the position of its history. No matter how many times I look at Liev's scenes again, I can not help feeling that he has been damaged in the direction or editing. You do not have to make your potential customers particularly handsome or beautiful, but following the steps to turn them into the most interesting or developed characters of the piece would have come a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits the spot. When he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought that his character was where the real story was. Stories about the wife feeling careless and running into the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous are a dime a dozen, to the point that even set the story in parallel with such a devastating event how the landing of the moon does not help. Despite being disgusted by the way her character's story is presented, Anna may be walking around with a neon sign on her head asking the audience if they would not rather see it all through their eyes. While I am well aware that it is difficult to control exactly which character of your cast you will find most interesting, it is as if you had not bothered to try Lane and Schreiber. The fans of these two are recommended to look elsewhere. Hopefully at this point my ramblings on the respective performances give us an idea of ​​where everything went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave A Walk On The Moon a three out of ten. Anna Paquin wins an extra point with one of her best performances (and that's saying something).
