Seeing how the final of the snooker world championship ended prematurely and disappointingly with Ronnie O`Sullivan defeating Greame Dott for 18 frames at 8 BBC 2 found a gap in his agenda and decided to transmit to WALK ON THE MOON a movie I had Absolutely without knowledge <br /> <br /> I lost a few seconds of the title credits, so I had no idea that Viggo Mortensen starred in it and I thought it could possibly be a cheap TVM, certainly the opening with the pearl mawkish and Marty taking her The children who attend a summer camp have that kind of sensations for television, although the highly illuminated cinematography (Too Enlightened) seemed to suggest that it was a film and it was not until the appearance of Viggo Mortensen as the hippie Walker. It was a cinematic premiere, after all, someone of Mortensen's stature would not star in a TVM, I mean it's like a legend like Robert DeNiro appearing in a direct video movie. Wait a minute, is not Bob ...? <br /> <br /> Some people on this site have mentioned that Pearl and Marty are an unconvincing couple on the screen and I agree. I can understand why Pearl would be attracted to an exciting hippy boy, but I have no idea why Walker would be attracted to Pearl, the simple wife. The decade of the sixties was earlier than my time, but surely if you have the choice between hippie girls and bored housewives, it's not really an option at all. Keep in mind that many people took LSD in those days, so I guess that explains it <br /> <br /> I think the biggest problem with A WALK ON THE MOON is due to the fact that it is a romantic drama at heart (just as you would expect in a TVM) with several scenes from the era of the time, then why include a fairly explicit sex scene? It decomposes with the rest of the film and it is possible that I put it to the menopuasal women who had something more than 20 in 1969. I say possibly because the film also seems to point to a teenage market with the arrival of the scenes of the age and those teenagers will probably get bored of the historical and social context of the man who walks on the moon and Woodstock. In other words, A WALK THROUGH THE MOON tries to attract many types of audience, but it probably will not attract any of them.
