Recently, I had the opportunity to see an impression of work in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It's hard for me to be an art lover as I am, to report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts and, frankly, after sitting in this gut (I'm using the definition of jargon here: worthless statements or writings)) During One hour and a half, I feel obligated to share (WARN) the interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not really that bad, a couple of laughs and a decent development, but then it's downhill from there. This is the story of a woman, in her mid-thirties, who (as she would like the writer you create) is dissatisfied with her life and dissatisfied. The first big difficulty occurs when, if you do not know the fact of entering the movie, you will not know when suddenly you risk all this, in my opinion, a very careless and unlikely relationship with a local vendor. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify their actions for the matter that has, and when it happens, one feels, as I did, that it is only of low moral character. The word "whore" comes to mind, hopefully, they will let the review pass and post the comment. This, in my opinion, is the first fatal flaw of the movie. If you are married or have ever been in love, regardless of whether you are male or female, it will turn you off. Frankly, I think it would have been a much better "blue film", that's the level in my opinion of what the script deserves. The second fatal flaw is the casting, Diane Lane just did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only saving grace of the whole movie is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a fine actress shines in some places, transmitting a subtle but very direct portrait (I apologize for the dichotomy, but it is accurate) the representation of an emerging teenager. Bravo, well done. I will not reveal the ending, but I was disappointed, being considered a part of life's romance is one thing ... but such an ending ... Well, if that bothers you enough to see this image, do not say I did not warn you, but you better look fast: if this celluloid is released, I doubt it will be four weeks before it burst into flames. I would say wait for the video, but the free sex education tapes in most video rental stores have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced this, you think he would learn after Ishtar. This movie once carried the job title "Man in the Blouse" and should have been left on the shelf. If you never wanted to leave a movie in your life, give this one 35 to 40 minutes, the only thing worth staying for is Anna Paquin, if you can stand the fact that you will find your mind drifting to know yes or no you took out the garbage before leaving home, which is probably where you should have stayed first if you go to the cinema to see this. It's my two cents, for what it's worth.
