First, a small summary. This reporter named Torch is basically trying to reveal the story of a zombie outbreak and finds that the army and the government are censoring him. Good message, government censorship and all that, but the way they did the movie was, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie is beyond description. The idea that someone has it more in mind than George Romero is a sufficient justification for the reviewer to be committed to a mental institution. The script is atrocious on its own, as a sixth grader wrote it. As for special effects, I understand that independent films have low budgets, and some Gore effects seemed acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy non-flammable material, have a fire extinguisher ready and fire! Do not add it digitally and make it look like an explosion of a Nintendo 64 game. Acting, well, let's put it this way. In my summer theater program, a cold reading of the script is, compared to this, The Godfather. I'm not even going to go into inconsistencies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> However, what bothered me the most was when everything was finished after recording and editing, someone could have said: "It's okay, it looks good, we're going to release it". It sends a chill down my spine to even think about it, to think that someone felt that this was good enough for the DVD release. This is not DVD quality. This is not the quality of the science fiction channel. Hell, this is not even the quality of the film school. If I had to send this for a project in a film school, I would get an F. No, not even an F, more like an F-. I would not be surprised if he tried to get you expelled. <br /> <br /> I felt used after seeing this thing. Blockbuster and the creators of this movie have my money right now, and I'd rather not think about what they're doing with it. I have been the pawn of some elaborate scheme and nefarious in the legalized robbery, and it does not feel good to think that I entered it, looking at the back cover with pleasant memories of 28 days later only to find an Ed Wood movie. I would look and say later: "I did not care much about this." This movie is the most terrible movie I've seen. I have not seen anything of Ed Wood, but I trust that this is worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, as much as being less than ten feet away will probably cause you a severe headache. If not, I still recommend that you personally write to the principal and ask him how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the type of person who laughs at really bad things, then I recommend that you review this. You will not be disappointed.
