As you may have noticed the title, I sincerely believe that this movie is the worst zombie movie of all time. The acting, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else remotely related to this movie were disgusting. People have argued that while this film is terribly acted and produced terribly, but it does come with an ingenious clever script. Wow. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could tell. To begin with, why would the government tell everyone to return to work when it is not safe? I know that the government is supposed to be bad, but they do not gain anything by killing the entire population of the country. There would be no one to govern! Another thing I was wondering about, even if the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were full of zombies? Were they going to hide the zombies in the bushes and ambush the innocent people to help the government in its plan to kill everyone on the planet? And how about the end? That stupid boy from the Torch sacrifices his life to get some shots from near the zombies. You probably forgot that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom function. And another thing, why does Hindenburg say before he dies? The Hindenburg was a rare event seen by very few people. The zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, possibly in the world. Do not you think someone else will get some snapshots? They also managed to ruin the only semi-interesting scene in the movie when the soldier is looking at the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie may have come through the door. It's probably something that an unlikely zombie movie fan like myself would not understand. Every day I pray that God will increase my brain capacity long enough for me to discover all the subtle nuances of feeding the masses. <br /> <br /> In any case, I think it's interesting that this is the first movie they gave me The desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hi Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
