I could not believe that this terrible movie was really made. With the worst actors you could find, the worst written script (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and, by far, the worst loss of time in visualization. I will not discuss the story because it really is not worth it. But I will elaborate some of the performances and definitely the story. As for the story, it is very hard to believe that this crazy schemer could really do what she did. That in reality the wife could not defend herself against a little something. That the husband could actually find the case of the nut attractive at all. That the defense attorney could violate all the judicial rules that existed and continue to do so after the judge ordered the blanket to be silent. And the final result of the film is an insult to justice, the codes of the films and the masculine species. The issue of this mess is to let the women do what they want, kill whoever they want, defend the murderer and get away with it, while the guy puts the innocent victim in jail. It's hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, even want to do this dribble. <br /> <br /> As for the acting: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is horrible. A crazy nut, who makes reference to the needle during his murder trial (is this allowed in court?) She bored me to the brim. One more look of her beating her eyes and indicating how innocent she was and I vomited. She is not even attractive enough for any man to leave his wife. The husband, played on a level by Vincent Spano, seems to see and act stupidly most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance that he fell into the traps set by all the women around him. The worst, by far, was Holland Taylor as the Attourney Defense. She acted throughout the film and made a mockery of justice. If she examined me at any time, I would have told her to go for a walk. Everyone else in this shoddy movie did their job as instructed. <br /> <br /> I would like to be able to give this movie a grade of zero. However, we are required to start with 1. Very bad. Let's not have more painful watching movies like this. This life can be better than this, I know. <br /> <br /> This is a postscript: I made the mistake of turning on this insipid movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the bimbo Jordan Ladd I knew I had seen it before and I did not like it either. I not only turned off the damn thing but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell, who wrote the script, but also directed this horrible movie. Does anyone see that their message is that the disease pays? Being sick and walking around killing people is fine with this director / writer. Totally making the male species idiots. Well, this male tells you to keep it somewhere painful. We are not so stupid and we will talk about your so-called movie, which in the mind of this person deserves to be destroyed. <br /> <br /> And again this loser is shown. Why???? Can not you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? Are we constantly subjected to seeing bimbo Jordan Ladd again and again? Take it out of the television, the cinema and the view. She is simply terrible in every sense of the word. Phew!!!!
