This is a piece of immoral and reprehensible garbage, which undoubtedly wants to be a clone of Friday the 13th (1980). The poster of this film makes it look like there is going to be a kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, which will probably attract the audience. There is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie. It just saddens me, just to think that some people are going to stumble upon Camp Sleepaway II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD, and waste time with this sad, cynical and depressing movie. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp counselor at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that the other campers will be as nice as she is, and that they will stay out of trouble. Meanwhile, the other campers are realizing that people are disappearing one by one, with Angela inventing the excuse that she had to send them home. Could Angela be the murderer, who was once a man, who underwent a sex change operation years earlier? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> The 1980s were the home of many films that made the cross between the genres Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager, in which a crazy killer goes crazy. Some have a plot, others do not, but they are all as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers are 80 minutes of teenagers being introduced and then stabbed, strangled, impaled, chopped, burned alive and mutilated. That's all this movie is. It is just violence without meaning, bloody. <br /> <br /> Upon seeing this movie, I was reminded of the films on Friday the 13th, in which the message for its viewers was that the main function of teenagers is to be hacked to death. . The filmmakers of Sleepaway Camp II have every right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the sick message that this film offers its teenage viewers: "The world is a totally bad place," this movie tells you, "and it will kill you, no matter what your dreams or your hopes are, it does not matter if you have a new boyfriend or a new girlfriend, no matter what you think, what you do or what your plans are for the future, you can forget those plans, because you're just going to end up dead. " <br /> <br /> And the sickest thing is, and by not giving too much away, the movie simply creates space for a sequel. Well, why not? Probably they have already taken the bucket to the water well doing three or four of these films. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983) and, after seeing its first sequel, I hope that I get away from the others, as well as from the original. And for parents, if you know children who like this movie, do not let them go out with your children.
