Her Christmas Eve and the lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) receives some violent threats from her worried and abusive husband. Leaving her twin sons in bed, she ventures into the night for a final purchase at the local mall. There it is almost impossible to find a place to park, Della feels offended by a motorist who parks in two spaces and leaves them a note that says so. When they return to their car after visiting the stores, some of their masters confront them. Yes, the owners of the car in which he left a note, are very angry and want to have fun with her, a security guard kindly helps her, but things get difficult. out of control and the guard is shot, Della flees with the yobs now murderers in their pursuit, they shoot him, he loses control of his car and crashes, quickly grabbing his toolbox from the trunk, he hides in a deserted building, but soon she is trapped, just before they try to rape and kill her, from her magical toolbox she produces a key, wounding her leader "Chuckie", manages to escape again to nearby forests, in the area where one of the gang members dies . , it turns out that it is the black type. Here the night gets worse for everyone involved, as there is a deadly game of cats and mice. A plot similar to Eden Lake led me to this, but that's where the comparisons end. This is a silent and brainless movie, amazingly scripted and horribly played by everyone involved, the twin Disney-esquire children of Doe Eyed are horrible to watch, but it's Lukas Haas as Chuckie, who should be applauded in the acting department Although he is given a race for his money by the equally horrible husband. As a movie, her story line is completely telegraphed to the end, even in the initial configuration, Della's cell phone is extinguished and then in the stores her credit card has been canceled by her husband and she has no cash and it is Christmas Eve. Now where could they go with this I wonder ??? The only surprising part of this $ hit is when after killing all the bad clichés with the contents of her magic toolbox, she asks Chuckie to fuck her, if my jaw had not already been on the floor before this horrible movie, I would surely have fallen and crashed to the ground. Even the ending is messy, all the feminist grandmothers who want their pound of flesh are completely disappointed ... I did not think I could be more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this joke
