So, to what has the actress Kim Basinger succumbed? Mmm ?? To tell the truth, the title of the film is something that draws attention to capture their interest and the plot that is read so basic, but simplicity can have its strengths. Anyway, at the end of "While She Was Out" I felt quite indifferent. It is not the worst (despite being swallowed by the negatives), but it is easily much better in what is a fable of a compact and unbalanced night survival of a weak suburban housewife stranded in the forest trying to fight for her life after that she was a witness. the death of a rent, a policeman who came to his aid, when she provoked an unpleasant exchange with some punks in a car park. <br /> <br /> The problem here lies in the erratically erratic and predictable material (taken from a story), along with the very variable actions. The flimsy script was badly thought out (which is not so good when your plot has a lightweight structure to hang), so many inclusions and dubious actions simply continue to find their way into this endless chain of events. As for the group of stereotyped thugs (led by a little convincing Lukas Hass as a loose canon) that terrified Basinger, well, they were less than threatening, but they had no idea. Seeing Basinger walking through the wet desert with a red toolbox in his hand (do not ask me why) hitting these aspiring punks one by one became ridiculous because it did not cause tension or emotion. but, on the other hand, awkward shakes that were absurdly silly because of the stupidity of the advantage. Basinger's performance is robust, but it does not generate much empathy. Craig Sheffer appears as her hot headed husband. Strangely I could not keep my eyes off the screen? Thinking to myself that the red toolbox is hypnotic (why would I be constantly charging it) and what tool would I use to dispatch the next bully? Your choices were quite disappointing. Seeing his transformation through the traumatic situation when things finally turn around is quite empty, due to his insecure tone and the end is something that could see miles ahead. <br /> <br /> The sober and skillful direction of Susan Montford lacks cohesion and energy, as she more or less embraces along. However, I liked the opening credits, with its disturbingly grim score (which is the most effective thing in the whole movie) and polished photography. <br /> <br /> There are no great shakes. I do not ask for much time, but I would not like to see it again. However, with the inclusion of a song by Joy Division, it made me grab a couple of their albums to listen to them.
