I do not really want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear with the classic 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can not help it. Not only am I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck, starring Cape Fear, but also when Scorsese includes scenes from the previous movie (Cady takes out the ignition keys, dies of dog) and even uses Bernard Herrmann's score. In the whole movie, it does not give me many opportunities not to make a comparison, since I can not help but think of the classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. When comparing the version of Scorsese of Cape Fear with the classic version, the remake leaves destroyed by the classic one; but even when the movie is taken on its own, it's still bad. <br /> <br /> Now Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick not only remade the 1962 scene of Cape Fear scene, but tried to do things differently. Unfortunately this is one of the problems of the movie. The original, animal-like madman Max Cady has gone for personal revenge, the Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic who wants to "save" Sam Bowden and who is in touch with his feminine side (his words , It is not mine). Also the solid and strong Sam Bowden disappeared in the classic movie Cape Fear, that Sam found in the 1991 remake is very ridiculous, Magoo, distrustful and very unpleasant. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character, she's crazier than Max Cady! The general story has also changed: Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in jail as in the classic version, Sam is now Cady's former lawyer, who Cady suspects does not do everything he can to keep him out of danger. Imprison and is willing to "save him". <br /> <br /> The general story has changed, and I am not too opposed to it, but the general script is also weak in all respects. Other subplots have been included in the mix that not only distract the overall view, but are also poorly written. The film also includes some outrageously absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can not take seriously. These aspects avoid the dangerous and exciting nature that the film is supposed to have, but they also have some help in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, the classic version of Cape Fear was filmed in an extraordinary way with brilliant lighting. and a powerfully effective suggestive subtlety combined with a blatant brutality that produced emotions when the film required it and a sense of danger in its entirety. However, Scorsese can not do any of this in his Cape Fear, which gives the film an original look in the early 1990s, with no sense of danger, no suspenseful scenes and little style (unless you count the animation of the fire and the style of the horizon). Yes, there is a bit of gruesome violence and an effort was made to make Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends empty and full of shock, but without fear. <br /> <br /> If all that was not enough, the performance is not great either. Robert De Niro (being somehow nominated for an Academy Award for his performance) starts well as Max Cady, but gets progressively worse until he starts to get nothing but laughter instead of fear at the end of the movie. The opposite happens for Jessica Lange and her portrayal of Mrs. Bowden, going from exaggerating most of the movie to showing a convincing display of fear and despair towards the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte stays the same throughout the film: the beige. Juliette Lewis (who also won an Academy Award nomination) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but is called to play a really stupid character and it's hard to like what we see on the screen. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to be often considered one of the few good versions, and I can not understand why. I wanted to like it; I really did, I mean, if there's going to be a new version of Cape Fear that I'd like, I also could not. Not containing anything that was great on its own and being crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found that Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear was a very bad movie. The best things in the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles: imagine.
