First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful, probably paid in cash for your home, and you can not even put on a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I will go out and say it: clean something, starting with your hair. And while you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your children some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall, park your car 3 miles away and cry all the way, and simply buy wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone an unpleasant note, do not sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Obviously, due to the fact that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel bad for the poor white blonde woman. We understand. Alec Baldwin is an imbecile, but seriously, do not model horrible movies like his own life. Also, you are in you 50s. You definitely would not have twins of 8 years. And those names? Terry and Tammy. Way to allow your children to grow up with any decent chance of ever respecting themselves. It is also quite fantastic to hear the characters in the movie who constantly call her beautiful or to refer to her as a "girl" ... obviously, Mrs. Basinger had something to say about what is included in the script. It is also quite surprising how none of the criminals can defend themselves. Apparently, Della's magical ninja skills are impossible to beat. Your driving skills are pretty ingenious too. This movie is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhhh! They misspelled your name on the teacup. Or your husband made a hole in the wall, but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you're in the mall instead of maybe a little plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school with bought the stuffed animal you were looking at. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off that BRIGHT trench coat as she runs through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her way proves my point: this woman is an imbecile. Who thinks to take out the tool box of the car, but not its bag, full of identification devices like its ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to be as successful as when I saw this movie. And did someone else catch the "African American" shirt that the black man wore? Ah, yes, rewind and delight your eyes with the proposal perhaps more racially stereotyped in a movie. Do not waste an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, go do what Della could not figure out how to do ... take care of her children and maybe brush her hair. That powerful ballad at the end, although it was quite impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain while your bloody arm clings so tightly to your wrapping paper is as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
