While the first original Blood had its unlikely moments, it was at least exciting in some places. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis shifts a lot towards the action of the comic. Plausibility is totally rejected; logical immersions in the nose; Stallone becomes so impregnable that there is no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Like any other wish-fulfillment player of that time (eg, Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II cancels its own opportunities for real emotion by presenting an overly invulnerable hero as to fear it. If it can be said of the word that Rambo is going to kill hundreds of enemy soldiers, what remains to be excited? <br /> <br /> Imprisoned after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester A Stallone is offered a pardon if he joins a covert operation in the Far East.) The year is 1985, and he is organizing a mission to find out if there is an American PoW trapped in the jungle of Vietnam, Rambo is encouraged to accept the work by his former mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the task is actually a creation of a government team led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier) Rambo's job is simply to go to a prison camp in the jungle and check if it contains any American PoW, if he does not, he must meet with a helicopter, if he does, he must obtain photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be rescued at a later date. "Helping him in his search is a soldier woman with local knowledge, the beautiful and ingenious Co Bao (Julia Nickson). There are points of work in the camp, but does it exceed their orders when rescuing one of them? When he arrives at the meeting point, the rescue helicopter leaves him by order of Murdock, who, apparently, does not really want to find any POW due to the political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he intends to free the PoW and take revenge on Murdock's traitors. <br /> <br /> The few positive points of the film come from the polish of Jack Cardiff. The photography, the exciting score of Jerry Goldsmith and the great professionalism of the team of specialists in performing several action antics. Beyond these few choices, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to the macho position, the plot sounds false, the action sequences have no soul and have no suspense, the dialogue is absurd. even violence becomes numbly predictable. At the time of his release, the United States was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-Communist sentiments. For this reason, contemporary audiences seized this festival of gunfire at the level of Commie as if it were the best movie of all time, transforming it into an undeserved box office success. Fortunately times have changed? Today we can see it as a simple action movie with a ridiculously high body count, a ridiculously stupid policy and a ridiculous hero.
