For rights, there should never have been a "First Part II of Blood". The original script of "First Blood" caused John Rambo to commit suicide at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel but because the test audiences considered the original ending too depressing. . However, someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste, because he ended up being the hero of two more films in the eighties, plus the fourth installment recently released. <br /> <br /> The official title of this film was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is more commonly known simply as "Rambo". Start with the title character in prison, where he presumably atones for the crimes he committed in "First Blood", although this is never made too explicit. His former commander, Colonel Trautman, took him out of prison for a secret mission. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US prisoners of war are still held captive by the communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to try to rescue any prisoner or attack the enemy; Theirs is simply a research mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not realize is that he is not being established by Trautman, who is described as brave, honorable and incorruptible, but by the organizer. of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock intends for the mission to prove that there are no US prisoners in Vietnam, in part because that will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, in part because it will facilitate his own life. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only Americans are still prisoners, but that they are also kept in hellish conditions. Of course, he's too much of a hero to leave them to their own devices, and try to rescue them. The rest of the movie is more or less a long battle between Rambo and some allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil Communist soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the evil communists, of course, end up dead, although I was surprised to learn from their "trivialities" section that the total number of deaths was as low as 67. Sometimes it seemed that Rambo was trying to eliminate everyone. Vietnamese army <br /> <br /> The tone of this movie is very different from the first one. In "First Blood", Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, despite the fact that his responsibility for his crimes was diminished by serious provocation and by his mental instability. In "Rambo" he is a true totally American hero. A few years earlier, the director, George Pan Cosmatos, had made "The Cassandra Crossing," a biased piece of left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if not versatile, and "Rambo" proves that he could also shake hands with the biased pro-American propaganda of the right. The only thing the two movies have in common is that both are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its faults, but also its virtues. His stance, that the antiwar movement was partly responsible for the problems Vietnam veterans faced in readjusting to civilian life, was controversial, but at least the film was trying to make a statement about the war. , social attitudes toward war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the other hand, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are well enough made to please those who like that kind of thing. It's essentially a kind of jingoistic revenge fantasy for those Americans who were still sore from the Vietnam War. Rambo returns to fight the war with one hand, and this time the right side wins. Take that, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, undoubtedly, the fans of the film (and there seems to be a lot, more than 2,000 voters who have already awarded him ten stars) will have concluded that I am a liberal and lover of pinko the committees. Far from it, in fact, I have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like about the film is not its politics, but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to enter with all the weapons on and try to kill as many people as may be possible. It does not try to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. Despite all its anti-communism, the film is the kind of Mormon hammer propaganda that the Communists were very good for themselves, except that they attributed all the problems of the world to capitalism, to imperialism, to revisionism or whatever other means they had. taken an aversion to Compared with "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a master piece of political analysis. 3/10
