The ghost of the Vietnam War has persecuted the American psyche for thirty years. If this is not the case because of the fact that tens of thousands of US soldiers were MIA in Vietnam, or the way those who returned were treated, then because it was the first war that the United States could be said to have lost. Many men returned home from the war, a shadow of their former selves, and original First Blood managed to provide a glimpse of their problems when they tried to return to the world, as the saying goes. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, is little more than a fist disaster that serves to illustrate how painful the United States can be, both in victory and in defeat. Stallone presents another slow performance as the titular command of the Special Forces, while Richard Crenna tries to keep the quotient of the serious actor. Where everything is undone is in the script, which did not improve when it was called Missing In Action and starred Chuck Norris. The little appearance of logic that was in the original no longer exists, since the filmmakers decide to paint a large S in the huge Rambo chest. <br /> <br /> The movie takes over a little after the end of First Blood. The film, that is, the novel did not allow the possibility of sequels. In this mediocre follow-up, Rambo has gone to work in what seems to be a kind of open-air mine. While he breaks rocks and is sweating, a prison guard takes him away to go talk with Colonel Trautman, who informs him that his government is willing to offer him an early release if he goes on a covert mission. Rambo, who has never retired from a hard day's hard work, accepts and is immediately sent to a covert base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I do not remember which one). From there, he is commissioned to search for a camp where US MIAs are supposedly being held and photographed. Your mission clearly specifies that you should not make any attempt to secure your release. Rambo being Rambo, however, has other ideas despite its possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go a little wrong when it turns out that the people in charge of Rambo's work are more interested in making sure there are no Americans. MIAs are found. It's the old conspiracy theory, and he does not apologize for exploiting the plight of many American families who lost a child during the ten years of Vietnam's official war. Of course, with the jingoism that was inherent in American society during the 1980s, they could not help but work on a tangent plot over the fact that the Vietnamese army is in bed with what appears to be a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two antagonists try to extract the information they can from Rambo, but they find it counterproductive in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. Almost all that is missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a chalice like a grail and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-choreographed action. show. Hand-to-hand combat with the greatest Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has dramatic tension. The rest is simply a case of the main actor and the director who builds a fantasy so that the Americans can throw their fists. Fortunately, this US fashion and all the action movies soon went out when the more introspective and intelligent war films, like Platoon, began to roll. Some of the murders shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander finds an ending that many villains in an action movie would envy. The Russian commander bites him in a spectacular and ridiculous way. Only in an action movie of the 1980s would you see an LAW that is used from inside a helicopter. Sure, there have been clichés of action movies rooted in factual contradictions, but never before so ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II one in ten. It's so bad that it's ridiculous, and so ridiculous that it's often fun. One does not even need to have served in the military to know how stupid some of the action sequences are. The only risk involved is trying to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking issue for those directly involved. Keep the tongue firmly on the cheek, and it could be visible.
