An offensively exaggerated action adventure, FIRST BLOOD PART II seemed to capture the mood of the US. UU At the time of its launch in the mid-80s, with the right-wing reaganism and the virulent feelings against the red have not yet ended. although the appearance of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the "Empire of Evil" in Moscow would soon make this type of film redundant, even Reagan himself finally admitted this truth. <br /> <br /> In that sense, we can be very grateful to 'Gorby', not because of its disarmament treaties with EE. UU., Nor for its policies of 'glasnost', not even for its support to the democracy that is being restored in the countries of Eastern Europe in the backyard of the former Soviet Union. No, it's the latest decline in stupid, jingoistic and bloated adventures of the cold war like this one. The first RAMBO movie was hardly perfect, although at least it was a moderately literate and appropriate action thriller with a not very bad plot. In this sequel, any sensation of the most remote. the sentence is thrown instantly by silly, sensel That is, a plot and incident in which Rambo alone assumes dozens of stereotyped stereotypes of Vietnam and Russia to rescue American prisoners of war ten years after the end of the conflict , with the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Maybe the reason Why the movie was a big blockbuster was to let a lot of Americans wallow in fantasy, they may have lost the war, but there were still pending issues, and ridiculous heroics comic strip with a hero like a robot killing almost all Red in sight, with as much hardware as possible, fulfilled those ideals so implausible. <br /> <br /> This could have been entertaining at a SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately, everything is played absolutely straight. But that's not to say there's no humor in the movie; unfortunately it is practically of the unintentional type. The action scenes, although technically adequate, never carry the slightest conviction or persuasion, since they are always located in the most spectacular place. It is incredibly amazing in contexts; namely, our hero, the Rambo, is always unharmed (apart from some cuts and bruises here and there) despite tons of explosives, grenades, shots, etc. that happen around him. <br /> <br /> In Between the chaos, what there is of a script consists of the clichés and the most boring banalities. Stallone, who co-wrote the script with James Cameron (far from the exciting TERMINATOR made the previous year), seems to have deliberately given the Rambo. Little character to say in understandable English, and it just comes out with moronic grunts, almost as if he had invented his own brand of patois that was only understandable to himself. Maybe his colleague Cameron was thinking about The Terminator again with so little communication involved for the main character! In this sense, Rambo seems even less human than the Terminator! The rest of the cast makes it a little better with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna doing the best they can with the trite dialogue that is given to them, and Steven Berkoff polishes it once again with another of his roles as a Russian villain KGB / Red Army. Berkoff's exaggeration is mildly pleasant but not remotely threatening. How is it that Sly managed to survive the torture of Berkoff's electric shock to kill those Red Commie redheads even more? Well, credibility is never the strong point of this movie. It is a work of fantasy comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least that was what it was intended to be a fantasy, and an immortal classic that it turned out to be. This is just a classic of the saddest, and certainly offensive, kind. And as for the climactic speech of Sly ..., quite hypocritical after killing all those people, huh? By the way, in the same year, he also did ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> GRADE: 3 of 10.
