I remember when this piece of junk came out, all the newspapers were screaming about how it had taken Barbra Streisand years for the movie to be made. Well, I could not have taken so many years; The work opened its doors in 1975, eight years before. She became a Broadway star of the great actress Tovah Feldshuh, who probably should have been chosen in the film, but NOOOOO ... the great STAR BARBRA HAD TO DO IT. AND WITH MUSIC NOT LESS! This movie is a total disaster from beginning to end. On the one hand, Barbra was forty-three years old when she did it and looked at every minute. There was no way someone could swallow her when she was a child who longed to study Torah. And then, when she dresses like a child, she becomes cheerful. I get the impression that Streisand could not stand being unattractive, so she played a little with makeup; She is prettier as a child than as a child. And as if that was not bad enough, he gets so involved with his schoolmate Avigdor (Mandy Patinkin, whose best moment is the shot of her naked butt) and his girlfriend (Amy Irving, who does her usual somnambulistic routine, a little of Schtick that the poor woman always turns to when the director ignores her and does not know what she's doing, Yentl even gets to marry the girl, I will not even bother to mention the "wedding night" scene. Then there's the music, nine totally forgettable songs, all sung by Streisand through voices in off (probably as a look inside your mind), and each one as intrusive and irritating as the nails in a chalkboard. <br /> <br /> I will not say that Streisand does not show a ray of promise as a director here; some of the images are beautiful (especially the backside of Patinkin), and she has an eye for balance. The problem with this movie is that the he will not go out of his own way. I did not believe her for a second in the title role; I should NEVER have added the songs, and besides that, all the clutter goes on for two hours and fifteen minutes. I was fed up with everything I regret after forty-five minutes. <br /> <br /> Horrible, terrible, horrible.
