A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a rating of zero. The premise seems simple enough: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only children are allowed to study, so after the death of her father, she decides to disguise herself as a child to enter. She does it and befriends Avigdor, who is married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. The family of Hadass finds out that Avigdor's brother committed suicide, and the wedding is canceled. Yentl, who now calls herself Anschel, is selected to marry Hadass. He does it but never consumes himself. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret. The film ends when Avigdor returns (and marries) Hadass, and Yentl goes to America to continue his studies, although he will have to continue doing it in disguise. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems interesting at the beginning For a movie over 2 hours, but there are several things that ruin it. To begin with, there is the constant CANTAR. (I can already hear the critics screaming). Yes, I know this is a musical, so there are supposed to be many songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it had been directed and played without them. The songs become tedious after a while, and there is not as much dance as you would expect. Many of the songs are forgettable, without memorable real lyrics, and those with some meaning could easily have been replaced by a voiceover. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Papa Can You Hear Me". It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed so that Streisand could simply have a reason to show his vocal abilities every five or ten minutes. It is likely that someone who sees this movie already knows what an excellent singer and actress it is, so the songs really are not necessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Streisand's makeup, which can be seen during her scenes as a man (lipstick, enhanced lashes and traces of blush are obvious) makes it difficult for the audience to believe in the Yentl / Character of Anschel, that in fact is serious, and deceiving his new friends, colleagues and even Hadass so that they believe that he is a man. However, we are asked and expected to create that same thing. It seems that there is a contradiction, since his character speaks, or rather sings, about how he does not think he can achieve it, but he is surprised that everyone seems cheated because he wears men's clothes. This means that we are then expected to believe that the other characters are so naive that they can not see the other differences, such as their actions, which are clear gifts. Facial differences alone can not be included, since other characters in the film mention that some of their family members or male friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, if a woman dressed as a man, but wore as much makeup as Streisand's character, and still tried to pass herself off as a man only because she wore men's clothes, it would have been considered unacceptable and caused outrage. She is likely to be forced to leave the city, or even the country. Therefore, the "feminine" makeup in Streisand does not lend itself to the credibility of the character, and only weakens the plot. If it was only applied to make Streisand look more beautiful, it should have been discarded. <br /> <br /> Third, when Yentl / Anschel herself reveals who she really is towards the end, we are asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as Streisand's and only when they learn the " true". they become a little wiser At this point, it is increasingly evident that the whole plot is so far away that it is nothing more than a tailor-made vehicle for Streisand to feed. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are Streisand fans. They will not find any flaw in this movie, its plot or the songs. To whom I must respectfully disagree. While she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I am not "fanatical" of her singing style. However, I have enjoyed many of its other features, including musicals. There are even some of his songs that I like, so I'm not a "hater" nor have I tried to hit her. I have written this review from an honest perspective, from someone who has tried everything possible to see this movie, even several times, and has noticed the internal problems. If Streisand were interested in creating an excellent or even credible film, she could have done it here without having to inject her need to show and show how talented, beautiful and intelligent she is in almost every way. This film does nothing but damage her abilities, make her look absorbed in herself and, therefore, turn the film into a festival of laughter that is not worthy of her fans or audience.
