Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian image that is mixed with the material of his current task entitled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of his wife, his daughter, Emily, has been emotionally disturbed, so he goes to Spoleto, where the problematic image is, with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is a Countess, who is also a psychic, and she informs him that the picture was made somehow on the night that a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe his story, but after that Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is murdered ... This Italian film is, of course, almost innocently influenced by THE EXORCIST, but this one is much cheaper, much simpler and of a Sense, much dirtier. First of all, it must be said that this movie is full of confusion. For example, history shows that Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees it in the flashbacks, she sees it exclusively from the point of view of a third person. But if she is Emilia's reincarnation, she must and must see the past from Emilia's perspective. Confusions of this kind, which the movie has many, are based almost exclusively on the problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its own quasi-Freudian theme, namely the incestuous desire for single way of a preteen. To make matters worse, this movie also has a characteristic problem (if it is not confusion); all the characters are too naive and helpless to be realistic and / or credible as living human beings. With regard to Emily (or Emilia), she is, after all, a child, and it can be said that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naivety and impotence. (And according to Freudian theory, all girls want to have their father's children in their own way.) In this sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological - only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is problematically pathological. But, as I mentioned, this film per se is too cowardly to be Freudian The problem is that the adult characters are as childish and naive and helpless as Emily, and because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic who can see almost everything is not You can do nothing realistic, and due to the same weakness, the very story of the film ends in a very escapist way, and the special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and ridiculous, although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is notoriously beautiful ( in fact, this is so good that it seems worth having it alone), the film as a whole is nothing more than a cheap B movie that can disappoint even the décad a of 1970, Italian, of terror. Cinema lovers
