An MTV-style film crew consisting of the American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his camera, the Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two "uncles" surfers called Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) arrive on some beautiful island somewhere, it does not really reveal where. The team plans to shoot an exhibition on "blood surfing", which is apparently the latest fad in extreme sports. The surfers throw the bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract the sharks, just to see if they can be surfed without being eaten. Once there they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Poured) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Your search for the perfect location takes you to the shark infested waters of Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) carry them in their boat. Shortly after arriving and filming some "blood surf" footage, Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile that some say "owns" the island. The ship is sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy appear trapped on the island until a rescue group arrives. However, after an encounter with some, well, I really do not know what they are. Pirates? The drug dealers? Revolutionaries? Fat and ugly people who just do not like to be with other people? Who knows? And more important who cares? I do not, that's for sure. Anyway, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif) pick them up just off the coast of the island. The film crew believes they have been saved. Little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks go back, he has a score to solve and four members of a film crew will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the giant man-eating crocodile. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox this is a horrible movie, but it's still not as bad as the crocodile of Tobe Hoopers (2000). Everything about this movie stinks. The script by Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is terrible, extremely slow, since the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before 30 minutes, and at that time was already very bored and annoyed with the horribly unpleasant characters devised by Bernard and Exacción. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable, and in the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with horror movie stereotypes and ordinary characters can guess who dies and who will survive. The effects of the crocodile are horrible and seem to repeat over and over again, there is a small puppet head that obviously has someone's arm trapped inside, controlling their movements while the splashes of water become huge. The CGI shots of the crocodile are simply embarrassing to watch. There is no difference other than when a character is bitten in half, which is achieved using CGI to digitally remove the legs of the actors, again, it looks terrible. There is also a brief scene when someone is impaled on wooden spikes when they shoot a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, in addition to the actresses are pleasant and pleasing to the eye. There is also a basic continuity and logical errors in the film; In a sequence, Cecily is filming Bog and Jeremy 'bloodsurfing' but from the angle and distance it is physically impossible to obtain images of sharks and surfers at the same time. Time, and surely that is the central point of his shot. When Dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile, the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots, in one shot the angle of the line seems to come from the sky, in the shot just after the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line comes from below the surface of the water when, in fact, the harpoon is connected to the back of the boat and the line must be almost at the same level as the surface. I could go on, like why does the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff if it's as smart as this movie tries to distinguish itself? But it would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if I list everything that was wrong with this movie, so I will not. I hated this movie, but with enough fear it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort in a giant crocodile movie. Definitely one to avoid.
