Well, after three times, I still have no idea what this movie is about because, honestly, it did not generate any real interest or concern. But here it goes: a group of teenagers too old to be teenagers, dressed in the frightful fashions of the 1980s (did we look like that too?) They decide it would be a very good idea to get on a motorboat and visit the abandoned Alcatraz after one of them has nightmares of people killed in various horrible ways who manage to cheat POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL FAD, and Freddy Kreuger in one go. The imbecile even imagines himself being roasted over an open fire with a deformed monster cutting strips of loin. Good thing it was just a dream or it could have hurt, and well, his dreams had a decent budget for special effects. Mine are usually pretty boring: girls, models of spaceships, exploiting things with a bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on Alcatraz Island they are in a Slasher movie, and they meet Tony Basil, who can not help but get into a couple of dance poses sometimes and had his own team of lighting (complete with a smoke machine for that 1980s smoke light appearance, which I missed). And that reminded me that Mrs. Basil helped choreograph David Byrne from Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but it was kept in mind since the film posed very little to think about. Something like this happens, and you can watch or continue to work on the marking of your page with the TV that is on the side. But since the movie is not really interesting, you'll still decide to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the movie will continue to end and you'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize that the final credits begin. to shoot again, damn it ... <br /> <br /> * SOME * The 1980 Teen Horror films can survive such a specialized visualization: GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL and it's Killbots by Umberto Lenzi, the difficult one ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS and the over-the top STAINED CAMP all come to mind. They are films that, like it or not, demand your attention and, in general, are rewarded with a bit of gore or T & A, and typographical errors in your work as evidence that you were watching television instead of your keyboard. I am sure that HELL ISLAND (as the British version to which I have quoted is titled) does have some good things, but frankly I do not care. And nothing is more annoying than finding art of any kind that does not inspire admiration, a bit of decent dislike or even a sincere hatred for it. The film is content to have 80 minutes of time, and never achieve anything other than being a distraction despite my best efforts to try to give it a shot, but without dice. <br /> <br /> There is an unconventional production design underway, the use of lighting is surprising at times, and the occasional explosion of chaos will probably keep 1980s Teen Horror fans interested. , the rest of you should be warned: YOU WILL ASK IF YOU WERE DRESSED AS YOU DO IN 1987, and the answer is probably more frightening than anything else that happens on the screen. Try to see it as a free rental, if possible, so that, if you are disappointed, do not get stuck with the damn thing: movies like this take up valuable shelf space that is often a commodity right now, and the world is coming to an end. everyone ...
