Wow. I have rarely felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one is especially demanding a beating. Let's start from the beginning. First, writer and director Susan Montford places Kim Basinger in the tired old role of victim, together with the necessary abusive husband and the boring existence of the suburbs. Let it be said right now that almost all the content of this boring movie is completely trite and trite. Montford's pathetic attempt at symbolism involving the Christmas tree without stars is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> When Ella goes out for a Christmas wrapping paper on a dark and sinister night, Della is furious because someone parked her car at the busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something about it, so she leaves an unpleasant note on the car's windshield. The next fifteen minutes of the film are dedicated to Della walking aimlessly in the mall. When he finally arrives at his car, the thugs face her for the note, a policeman is killed, she runs, they reach her, she escapes, they pursue her a little more, and so on. Everything is completely predictable and not enveloping. The thugs do not frighten or threaten at all, and all are eliminated one by one in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies where all the action depends on the characters being as stupid as you can imagine. Why the bad guys do not just kill her instead of waiting for me to hit them with an iron tire, that surpasses me. And once, just once, in a movie like this, does the leader of the pack have to die at the end? What does it matter that all are eliminated one by one when everyone is equally inept? Much of the film consists simply of Lukas Haas running through the woods shouting "Della!" And the inclusion of Joy Division in the soundtrack of this miserable movie is an insult. <br /> <br /> The part that really made me run for my computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and hurt, screams at the sky. "Where are you, God? Where, in fact, was God when he Was I doing this movie? I give it a 2 only for competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as 'BTK Killer', the ultimate score to judge a terrible movie.
