At the end of the 80s there was an inexplicable series of supernatural horror films in shady prison settings. The "Prison", extraordinarily harsh and moody of Renny Harlin, launched the entire spell of the ball; it was followed immediately by the remarkably inferior "The Chair", the "House of Death" by John Saxon, the "psychic" passable "Destroyer", and this tremendously useless and lethargic exercise in an incredibly comatose boredom. <br /> <br /> His usual annoying collection of chowderheads of horribly unfriendly college students led by insidiously spineless tormented twerp Alex (the enormously disgusting Nicholas Celozzi) goes to Alcatraz Island to investigate the strange circumstances surrounding the sudden frightening death of the next rock star Sammy Mitchell (played softly by Toni Basil of the fame of "Hey Micky"). Alex's brother is possessed by the evil demonic spirit of a vicious cannibalist commander of the US Civil War. UU And the expected killing continues, forcing little Alex to overcome his passivity and oppose this macabre specter. <br /> <br /> Although it was photographed by Nicholas Von Sternberg, with a few decent pieces and a good amount of spooky atmosphere (the film was filmed in the dreary, rusted ruins of Alcatraz Island), the "Slaughterhouse" rock "still does not do it Do not cut it as a solid and effective scare feature. This is due in large part to the collegially intelligent and hateful characters of Smartaleck, a group with a tired smile, whose comic antics become funnier than fun. The flat performance of a remarkably disinterested cast hurts much more, with the former playmate "Playboy" and the undeniable blonde hottie supreme girl Hope Marie Carlton making a personification of Linnea Quigley especially irritating as the token overexposed nympho bimbo. The direction of Dimitri Logothetis shows a minimum of striking visual style, but the tone is uneven between somber seriousness and foolishness, a horribly sophisticated nonsense and, for what is more damaging, the careless, inconsistent, extremely complicated and finally confusing script of Ted Landon fails to develop. the internal logic necessary for the exaggerated story to be remotely plausible. In other words, this stinker, sadly, manages to make a scant 90 minutes seem an extremely unbearable cinematographic sentence.
