Della Myers (Kim Basinger) is an upper class housewife who lives in a private condominium in the suburbs with her twin children and her abusive husband Kenneth (Craig Sheffer). Della pays all attention to the twins, neglecting her house and appearance and bothering Kenneth. On Christmas Eve, she drives to the local mall at night to buy wrapping paper for gifts, and finds no available parking space. When he sees an old car parked in two places, he leaves a message to the owner and calls him "selfish imbecile." When the mall closes, Della's car is stopped by the driver of the old car and is threatened by four punks? Chuckie (Lukas Haas), African-American Huey (Jamie Starr), Chinese-American Vingh (Leonard Wu) and Latin Tomás (Luis Chávez). When the security guard at the mall protects her, Chuckie shoots her in the head, Della speeds up her car trying to escape the criminals. However, she crashes her truck near a forest while being chased by the gang. She takes the toolbox and hides in the forest, fighting the gang to survive. <br /> <br /> A couple of days ago, I watched the trailer for "While She Was Out" and was looking forward to watching the DVD. . Unfortunately, the trailer is better than the movie, and I am totally disappointed with this boring and unlikely collection of clichés. Della Myers is presented as an insecure and negligent housewife and non-existent as a wife; Motherhood is his only interest in his concept of family. She is pursued by four bad criminals, but defeats them with a toolbox that appears to be Batman's utility belt. Therefore, the plot is so absurd that it irritates. The band of criminals is formed by the favorite cliché of American films, with an African-American, a Chinese-American and a Latin along with an American gentleman to be politically correct. Kim Basinger has a decent performance, but her children are too small for a fifty-five year old woman. My vote is four. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Enquanto Ela Está Fora" ("While I was away")
