Let's put aside political correctness and observe this in terms of the numerous sexual comedies that emerged in the 1980s because, for my part, I do not think this is better or worse than the others. Unless you have a bit of religious curiosity or a tense woman, you can probably watch a dumb movie like this without the content getting nervous and I personally had a completely innocuous feeling of this before and after seeing it. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny and starts spying on the attractive maid who has just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly but things get hot when her father goes out of town for business and she starts flirting with him to the point where she invites him to his room to watch her undress. Philadelphia is uncomfortable and does not know how to react at first, but soon she does and has sex, but to her horror, Nicole seems to have died of a heart attack! With the help of the sordid driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) they have apparently buried his body, but a note from a blackmailer appears and Philly must get $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is surprised when Nicole appears and finds out that it was all an extortion scheme established by Lester and that she only accepted because she is an illegal foreigner and, if she did not do what she was told, Lester would have called. The immigration office. Together they try to recover their father's money before he returns home and ask for help from Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor but pretends to be a cop to scare Lester. <br /> <br /> This became little comedy for less than $ 3 million, but it raised more than $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films during that time to be so successful, which It leads me to wonder why it was a success and not any of the others in the genre. The director Alan Myerson can boast of having made a successful film, but the truth is that he never had a career in movies, although he was very successful on television. So ... why did he become so successful? I have the thought that maybe it's because of Kristel and before you decide that I'm crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her soft-core films, so only reason made many free-thinking adults curious to see her in a US movie that was receiving a big release. With that, the adults themselves would also feel nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy that an attractive older woman will teach them ways to make love, which attracts audience members much younger than they probably have not yet. They have experience and are curious about the movie. Anyway, that's my thought and if someone has another reason why I'd love to hear it, but going back to the movie itself, it's obvious (and very sad) that a movie like this probably will never be done again (except in Europe) because of religion. The right and the other prudish fanatics who simply can not come to terms with the fact that a teenager who is having sex will not hurt him. In fact, it is a valuable service that ALL CHILDREN pray for to happen to them! The film itself is awkward and the double of Kristel's body is too obvious in certain scenes, especially if you notice the difference in her nipples. The story (although it is intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny nor revealing, so the nude scenes that are really the norm for the genre were left aside.
