This film was starred by a completely forgotten star from the 1930s, Jack Pearl (from the radio "Baron Munchausen"), as well as Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, it is advertised as a Three Stooges movie because they are the only ones in the movie that the average person would recognize today. Fans of the film will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver, as well as Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> As for the Stooges, this is a very old movie, before MGM had any idea what to do with the equipment. At this point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his nuts", since Healy was the leader. Fortunately for the Stooges, they soon left this man unpleasant and without talent (read about him, you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year, they were making very successful shorts for Columbia and MGM executives were soon kicked out of losing the team. This kind of thing happened frequently at MGM, a large studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (like the films of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they left for Columbia, MGM placed them in a wide variety of odd movie roles, including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, interestingly, in this film they did not act as a team, they simply made several supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano. <br /> <br /> This particular film starts with Pearl and During Lost in the African Jungle When they are rescued and taken home, the whole meaning of the structure of the film falls apart and the film becomes almost a spectacle of varieties, punctuated by scenes with the protagonists here and there. As for Pearl, I could really see why she never made a successful transition to movies, since she has the personality of a slug (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him, at least as far as his films were concerned, he was loud and ... loud! Apparently, it took a while to help MGM ruin Buster Keaton's career to make this movie. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville style routines that tend to fall quite flat. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Stooges still did not have the proper chemistry. Seeing Healy doing the work that Moe did in his last films is strange. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they turned on and off the camera too fast to allow them to really get into their routines. Stooges fans may be very frustrated by this, although hard-core fans may want to see this in order to complete their lifelong goal of seeing everything Stooge, including the rotten films of Joe DeRita and Joe Besser (oh, and if after the death of Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> In general, the movie is quite boring and disappointing. However, there are a couple of interesting things to look for in the mess. Around 13 minutes approximately, you will see a brief scene in which a guide sings on a bus. Look carefully, because this is Walter Brennan in a role he certainly would never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the movie is the song "Clean as a Whistle" that begins 22 minutes into the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of the so-called "Pre-Code" scene that would never have been allowed in the movies after 1934 (when the Production Code was strengthened). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it's a very exciting number with naked women who show a lot of meat, enough to stimulate but not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking when seen today, although those excesses were quite common in the early thirties. Finally, at the 63 minute mark, see Jimmy Durante reestablishing race relations for decades. Watch the movie, you'll see what I mean!
