Well, it turned out as expected: visual overload but nothing more added to the original. What surprised me, however, was that the plot was drastically modified compared to the 1968 movie. Initially, this aroused my interest, but what finally surprised me was that the new twists and turns (a) were apparently invented to present us a typical Hollywood product and (b) made the whole story unlikely. The 1968 story was amazingly simple, and did not include weather storms or anything fake of that kind: it simply said that when you get home after a long trip, things could have changed a bit. The earth could have fallen into the hands of monkeys, for example. Like many 'old' movies, its main ingredient was suspense (hell, does anyone understand that word these days?). In this Burton movie, everything has been tried to turn into an action movie, but at what cost? Surely, the images are overwhelming, and a lot of time and money has been invested in the design of a complete simian culture (even the music of apes!), But what happens? <br /> <br /> First, the suspension The incredulity becomes very difficult, because the monkeys have many human features of Hollywood. I refer especially to Ari and the slave trader. These traits include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm and a series of "subtle" emotions that are openly displayed. It makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. <br /> <br /> Second, humans SPEAK. Of course, we can imagine that humans will never forget how to speak, but the fact that the apes spoke and the humans did not make the simian / human change very tangible and stressful in the 1968 version. The wound in the throat That Charlton Heston gets there is essential for his survival and his later speech recovered is essential to his uniqueness and the interest that Dr. Zira has in him (hence, there is no need for things like human rights activists or simian love). human to explain things). <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that they talk a lot about implausibility, but it's a necessary twist in the new movie, since Captain Davidson has to play Hollywood. We are going to save the whole world and have a good ending for everyone and still make the bar lounge for a coca cola character. Oh my God, will they never learn? I knew it from the beginning, when there was only one boy who got lost! They needed a hero! And then the scriptwriters continue to reason: we need a man ... so, why does a man get lost ... because he tries to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... improbable! But it is necessary because it shows the audience that it respects the apes! Since, in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have a xenophobic ape character like the Charlton Heston character on the screen: let's give them a chewing gum version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, it's okay, the general twist of the original version "discovering the truth" from the 1968 film to the modern version (it finds that its own mother ship crashed on the planet years ago and that his lab monkeys developed their society, where Heston simply discovered that simply, somehow, the monkeys seized the land while he was away) is very well done. The second part of the battle comes as an anti-climax. This is because this movie has added the first two films of Planet Of The Apes in a single argument. Good try, but the chill you feel when you and Davidson discover that he is lost on the planet forever vanishes due to the uninteresting part of the battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the end !!! For chrissakes, who came up with that? (a) Does Davidson crash TWICE with his escape pod, which looks like an untenable object, while the chimpanzee manages to simply land gracefully? Come on, who would believe that? If the pods are really small spaceships (Davidson just flies into space at the end) and do not just escape from the boats, he could have made a safe landing at least once, right? And what about that ending? I mean, in the original movie it was clear that everything happened on earth. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly, is the same simian culture (there is a statue of Thade) on earth? How? Did the monkeys of the distant planet evolve technologically, flew in the storm of time and colonized the earth before the Davidson mission took off? Why is Thade adored? Stupid stupid stupid <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even adorable and beautiful as a simian, but I did not expect less. I preferred his ape over Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I had a bit of loose wire in my head. However, the only convincing apes were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's monkey (the former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / modified to the 1968 photo, but not to the plot, at least not in that way. It was simple and clear and did not need additional explanations. It was very nice and caricatured. Do not stylize everything ...
