"Well, Chuck Jones is dead, he fouls his characters by adding cheap explosions, an animated style of American drawn anime, and gives them superpowers." "But, sir, do not we have all the shows ready in the works that are already like this, much less, do not download their original creators' dreams". "Yes, and those shows make us a lot of money, and we need more!" "But will not all the men, women and children who grew up with these characters without so much time be angry?" "No, you're right, set it up in the future, make them all be descendants of the original characters, and change all the names slightly ... although not too much, we still have to be able to milk the success of the classics" ". < Well, that's the only reason I can think why this exists, if you look beyond the horrible desecration of our dear Looney Toons, then it seems like a good show, but then the titan is already Teen, which is the same bloody thing, all the characters are dressed as batman, they drive in a kind of super villains that fight against ships, they have superpowers, the only difference is that they talk like Looney's melodies and they have names and traits of Similar character. <br /> <br /> This kind of stuff falls into the category "it's so ridiculous that it's good." Think of the Super Mario brother movie, and in Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh for the reasons wrong, my If you are from the younger generation (for what you really think), and you can ignore the greedy executives, then run with him and enjoy. <br /> <br /> If you enjoy this caricature, I do not. I have a problem with you, it is the people who calculated this thing together with whom I am angry. You know they say piracy is like stealing a car; This show is like a grave robbery. They could also have dug up all the people involved with the original caricature, put them on a screen, dressed them in pirate costumes and collected money. If this program did not use characters (who did not resemble the Looney Toons in any way) who have already done millions of studies, then this would be fine. But no! For shame, Warner brothers, for shame. <br /> <br /> If I saw this as a 30-second joke in an episode of Simpson or Family Guy, I would love it. As it is, I simply can not believe that this has ever been done. I would bet anybody that 80% of the people who work in this program hate it. But whatever it is that does not really matter, in 10 years this show will have been forgotten, while the originals will remain forever, or at least until the world ends. <br /> <br /> "Soon 2008, Snoopy and the gang of peanuts has returned, and now they have lasers and they can become invisible." Can Charley Brown defeat the evil warlord Zapar? "Tune in and see."
