If you are going to take care of a child, make sure they do not live near a cemetery. Especially if the child has a habit of drawing bloody images and disappears at night among the tombstones to see his "friends". But, our long-haired heroine, oblivious to all the signs, lives with her family the Nortons, which include a strict father and an older brother who becomes a love interest for our budding nanny. Even more spooky than the zombie gang that is outside is the cast's tendency to speak even when their lips do not move and the words do not match the movement of their mouths. But enough of that ... domestic animals are being sacrificed, old women are tearing out their eyeballs and the orchestra will not be silent in any scene, even in the silent ones. Oh, and the editor is having a day off because of the way the movie continues its march. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if everyone involved had taken a break, they smelled what they had registered. and left without permission. Yes, I know it's hard to get into movies these days, but this type of starting point is not one in your CV that you would like. It would be like an agricultural trainee who has a conviction for abusing the chicken. With one of the worst performances in the history of Laurel Barnett, and another almost as bad for the child actress Rosalie Cole (The next Dakota Fanning is not) the meanders of the movie over and over again with nothing more than filling up we get what what happens for a climax. <br /> <br /> This involves five or six members of the undead who barricade our absolutely useless heroine in a shed, while his rough part gets rid of these ghouls with a wooden board, a shotgun shell and whatever you can put your hands on. But I retreated for a minute ... before they were in the car, and accidentally discovered that the creatures found the noise of the horn so repellent that they slipped away when they heard it. So, do they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they slip into this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the guy can prove that it's a tough girl that the girl can act like she's having a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It does not end, it simply stops. The main character returns to his vehicle covered in fake blood, as if nothing horrible had happened. But, my dear spectator, something horrible has happened. He just went through one of the most boring and boring horror movies I can see, and he lost the 82 minutes of his life that he will never recover. Just think ... in many years on your deathbed, which would change in an hour and 22 minutes to spend a little more time with your family. Unfortunately, it's already too late for me. Do not make the same mistake :( 2/10
