Contaminated look at the life of the kibbutz <br /> <br /> This film is not a cultural story about the life of a child in a kibbutz, but the deliberate demonization of kibbutz life in general. In the first two minutes of the movie, the milkman in charge of the cows rapes one of his calves. And everything is downhill from there in terms of the characters that represent the typical "kibbutznikim". In addition to the two main characters, a clinically depressed woman and her young son, everyone else in the kibbutz is a great caricature of the good. <br /> <br /> The story centers on how the kibbutz, as a kind of cult, slowly drags the mother and child into despair and what inevitably follows. There is no happiness, there is no joy, there is no laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents a different human vice, such as misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, worship, repression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a European boy of 12 years of European appearance surprisingly beautiful? his older brother is a typical young kibbutz with his "Jewish" physical appearance and brutal personality. He cares more to ruin foreign volunteers than the health of his dying mother. He treats these volunteers as garbage. After his younger brother begs him to visit his dying mother whom he has not seen in a long time because of his military service, he orders: Quote? "Linda, go bathe and I'll run in two minutes." <br /> <br /> Is there another "good" character in this movie? A European foreigner who plays the mother's boyfriend. When the animal rapist tries to hit the mother's son, the boyfriend defends him by breaking his arm. He is summarily expelled from the kibbutz then for "violent" behavior against one of the members of the kibbutz. More hypocrisy: the indescribably annoying French woman who plays the school teacher preaches that sex can not happen before age 18, or without love and realizes the real act that is supposed to be funny to the audience, but that it's really just stupid. Of course, she is screwing the head of the kibbutz in the fields, who in turn screw the child's mother when her mental health gets worse. <br /> <br /> The film portrays the kibbutz as a kind of cult. The children are taken from their beds in the middle of the night and taken to a ritual where they swear allegiance in the fields supervised by the kibbutz elders. Apparently, the mother can not "escape" from the kibbutz, although in reality, anyone is / is always free to come and go as they choose. It is a mystery how the boy's father died, but he can be calm, the kibbutz "took him" and his surviving parents are another pair of ruthless and miserable characters that weigh on the mother and her son. <br /> <br /> That is the essence of this movie. One-dimensional characters, dramatization, dry performances and an insidious message that keeps trying to get into the head of the audience? that life of the kibbutz was degrading, miserable and even deadly for those who did not "fit". I'm sorry for the guy who made this movie? He obviously had a bad experience growing up in a kibbutz. But I feel that it took some kernels of truth with respect to the life of the kibbutz and turned them into huge atomic stereotyped bombs.
