Yes, AWA wrestling, how can anyone forget this unreal show? First they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil that made "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose tackle. Then it was Gene Okerland who when he "got angry like the fighter" would say "We were out of time" or "Well, I'll be right back" acting like he was angry, but in reality he sounded forced. After going to the WWF, Ken Resneck took over, although his mustache looked like a soup the week before, he was an excellent interviewer that "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called the mouse's face, which made me fall from the chair laughing . After he jumped off the ship, Larry Nelson got on board, which was so bad that Phyllis George would have been an improvement. Then there's Doug McLeod, the best fight announcer who has made every game exciting with his description of the punches! Then the Minnesota North Stars hockey team offered him more pay. At ringside, we can forget Roger Kent, who mispronounced words and sentences as historical. Like when a fighter was big "It's big!" hit or kicked the guts "right on the reinforcements" or when they kicked him "He punished him" or "the piledriver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used him on a defenseless opponent. (To the right Roger, how do you care!) After he went to greener money (WWF) they had Rod Trongard who announced that the style was great but different. Like when a fighter scraped the sole of his boot on the forehead of another guy, it said "Right on the other side of the frontal lobe" or when a fighter is in trouble "He is wrong". I would also say that AWA is the worst, the hardest, the cruelest, the most scientific fighter that is here in the AWA! (No extra money, Verne Gagne!) After he left (WWF), Larry (Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and I would talk to someone else or ignore him completely. (The WWE wisely did not take it!) Also Greg Gagne had the ugliest fighting boots I've seen in a yellow color of something I do not have. I mean. Also, when you are looking for the label, it seems that you want to finish with it to be able to run to the nearest bathroom. Jumpin J im Brunzell was a great Dropkick artist who wondered why Greg was always his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar fighter, but you wonder why Verne won himself against him (Puhleeeeze!) Then, when Vince McMahon would hire Gagnes employees, he would make most of them fight in the fighting of squash. I like to see the Gagne family say real fights now!
