I saw this movie, right now, not when it was released and hailed as the best picture of the year here in Israel. And to summarize everything right now, I'll just say: this is not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is the second feature film by Dror Shaul, and I must admit that his first television drama and the one he did before. This picture is much better. Also, this is your first attempt to direct a drama. The first works were comedies, and they were fun and effective. <br /> <br /> The first thing you should know if you will ever see this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbutz and the values ​​it represented since then. The formation of the state of Israel. The actual situation of the kibbutzim is very serious, and some of them disappear one by one. The kibbutz, a Hebrew word for collective, was a kind of village only for members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma for everyday life. With the change in social values ​​over time, it seems that now the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was repressed, locked within the rules of dogma, without a ticket. The entrance of capitalist values ​​and the way of life in the 90s and until now hindered the survival of the kibbutzim. The crazy mother in the movie is the central metaphor for that. <br /> <br /> But, I think this film has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of the kibbutz. Once, it was a dream of all young couples living in a kibbutz and raising children in this quiet and beautiful environment. But the movie shows the opposite. that the kibbutz, with its socialist dogma, was a place similar to a cult of madmen, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of each individual within the collective. This is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important. you must place yourself in the center, and nobody but you is the problem. This is the philosophy that the film represents, and that is only the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you do not agree with me in the political aspect, I am sure you will agree that the performance, the tone of the film, is the script and its direction are the four sins that follow. The film does not have a real visual text and none of its shots is something to remember. It is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is nothing more than an artistic attempt to provoke emotions that do not surface, neither in the film nor with the viewer. It brings nothing but boredom. <br /> <br /> Can anyone explain why this movie won so many awards? Maybe because it shows that Israel is in line with the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? Or perhaps it shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, one that does not give in to dogmas and fanaticism? Are we basically very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, as capitalism expects us to be? Or maybe because it says one of the biggest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of the Jewish state? No matter what the answer is, it is not a good one. not for the world, not for human values ​​and not for Jews.
