A girl lives with her father and her brother in the middle of the field. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies when the movie starts with her kittens feeding some kind of creatures in the cemetery, and recently she lost her mother who went crazy, but while she was alive she enjoyed staying in the woods all night. The premise of the film has a new young woman coming to Rosalie to take care of her. She is introduced to the evil forest while driving and, imagine the suspense here, experience a huge blue barrel that falls on the side of a cliff to somehow stop your car in its tracks. From there, he walks to the nearest house and discovers Mrs. Whitfield, who then gives many explanations about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness exuded by the character of Mrs. Whitfield must be seen to be believed. Well, the girl meets the boy and we soon learn that not only is it strange, but everyone in the movie is also very strange. They all share one thing in common that none of them has heard of an acting school. None of these people can act, as evidenced by the few vehicles that appeared in the full movie sooner or later, and all seem to have little idea of ​​what is happening, pause to remember the lines and have all the conviction of a bag of paper. The director goes through the material at a slow pace with this horrible piano music that is presented here and there for things that are supposed to be scary. It takes us a little before we get to a couple of murders of the creature's friends, but at that time I did not care. The murders are not convincing either, and truth be told, the whole movie looks like someone who went through it on their friends' farm with the people and things they had there. All that is said is that the end has some spooky aspects, although we do not learn anything about why Rosalie is like this or, more importantly, who is the creature with the cheap masks. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with. Basically it's a couple of old farmhouses and some sheds at the end and, of course, the woods. Someone lent the director a couple of old cars too. There are no special effects of any kind and only the most minimal makeup. There are so many laughs / ridiculous moments to enumerate, but I will list some here that at least made me laugh because of the lack of aptitude of the creative powers involved: 1) Observe the body of the gardener well after he has been "killed". Len comes in and sees him massacred and you can see his fat belly rising from life. 2) The dying scene at the end where the actress who plays Rosalie is murdered. It seems that he is listening to the instructions and he takes his sweet moment to die considering the method. 3) What if the boy who plays Roaslie's father gives Andy Griffith a poor, irritable man? The scene in which he is laughing that the boy scouts died was a strange cry. The Child is in fact a very bad movie and it's very bad even by 70's cheese standards, so to speak. This is not a B movie, but rather a Z movie with producer Harry Novak earning some money on virtually nothing.
