The first Home Alone was a pretty decent movie ... the sequel was practically the same, in a new scenario. It tries to be original and, to some extent, it succeeds ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly modified plot. The new score is quite bad (although the new piece of "configuration traps" was, at least, interesting and different), especially compared to the high score of the first, and the score almost but not so good of the second . He (almost) makes up for it using good non-original music, but it's not the same. The plot is fair, and something original for the franchise, but it is still basically the same movie as the first two, with a worse performance and a less impressive example that "the terrifying character becomes good". The performance is mostly unimpressive. The characters are mostly cartoons. The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they make fun of spy things, which are almost criminal, given the limited amount of good spy movies that exist, and how precious they are great). The fact that there are more of them (and, therefore, more traps) is just a weak attempt to try to overcome one of the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is a bit too ... adult and serious for a children's movie (and there were one or two sexual jokes, although it's not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, as is the plot in general. I could follow him, but I doubt that a child can. Part of the exhibition is delivered so obviously that even children may find it stupid. Animal things are not usually fun. There are fewer brothers, which should mean that those who are there are more developed, but have less personality than the less prominent of those of the first two films. In general, it is not particularly good, or worth seeing, unless * you * really * see the criminals hurt in the violence of cartoons. I recommend it to the big fans of the series only. 3/10
