This was one of those movies that played a lot on the airwaves in the early 1970s, usually on "4am Movie" or once, at 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and once on Creature Double Feature .When local channels used to run movies as part of their local programming (mostly they were released today in favor of infomercial time). It was the moment. A pair of low-cost aspirants of Abbott and Costello (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a squad of soldiers (half a dozen men in the remnants of army surplus) who are sent to field maneuvers to investigate strange radiation, and they end up finding extraterrestrials. First they go to Bronson Canyon to what would later be the famous Batcave in BATMAN, and they find the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later, in the cave they are chased by a living creature of carrots, basically a guy in a black suit and a papier-mache head, with bright things and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of them, the complete geeks, Ray and Ball, are captured and wake up tied to the tables and are being "examined" by the Space Amazons, Dr. Poona (kidding!) And Professor Tanga, who are incredibly beautiful and even more in her tiny bikini. "uniforms". We were too young at that time, to realize what later would suggest the scenes of slavery and fetishism after this scene of "examination." It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster, are stranded on Earth with a ship that is well hidden and are trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The movie was made as a total comedy with varying degrees of Savor, but remember that this was the time when Eric Von Zipper and his team of Frankie and Annette's films reached the height of comedy B-film, drive-in. So it just seemed natural to jump into the car for a few quick dollars. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I just thought I had imagined watching this movie to begin with. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on a "restored" DVD they assured me in my memory. The comedy goes from something funny to simply stupid, but anyway. The budget is non-existent, which is a minor miracle when you think about it, it was even done and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now, more than 40 years later. The reward is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kiss" and, the end result is the geeks, we all went, get the girls and love wins. It's ridiculous and silly, and for locations it has a nostalgic meaning.
