Apparently, Shakespeare is equal to the high forehead, which in turn is equal to a group of people who do not see something for what it really is. At one point in this movie, someone (I think Pacino's producer) warns him that the movie is being diverted, that it was once about how the masses think about Shakespeare through RICHARD III's vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a chopped game with random comments along. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there any reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, other than a laugh about something unexpected happening there?), And, before the movie really started, it was try to see Al Prance and act in a nice and funny way for the camera. I thought his silly act with Kay near the end of GODFATHER III with the knife in his throat was AN ACT, but apparently it's how Al behaves in person. <br /> <br /> Enough digression. Here's a handful of why I did not even manage it 3/4 like this: 1) Pretentious: Al always knows when he has the camera, if he's acting like Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone. - You can see it in the corner of his eyes, too, some of the actors around the rehearsal table untie and go crazy to the extreme. If someone who reads this has spent some time with a group of actors and has witnessed this kind of thing from the outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chewing the whole landscape!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this film suddenly stops, from which she never recovers. She has nothing to add in the discussion scenes, but the camera remains in it to bring the children. His performance is terrible, to start. 3) The only thing you really learn from this is what the same students tell you that the filmmakers are trying to avoid. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not direct movies (or make Richard in first place). I prefer to see BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the play and learn for yourself. Go out and see it done. In 1997, I saw that the play was presented at the University of Washington Ethnic Cultural Theater, and made what we see in this film resemble a high school drama (except for the free throat cut of Clarence! My God, it was necessary! Br /> <br /> Everything is just a lot of sound and fury, which means nothing.
