Syriana swept the critics to the moment of his release and everything seemed to be happy about it. I guess it's one of those films that is intensely intelligent ... so smart that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself unintelligent, I've been studying politics since my early teens and I enjoy an intelligent movie, but for the most part unless it's a documentary, movies should be entertaining and have a message. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and makes some people move away. I would even say that those who comment and insist that it is 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This film was the most confusing, meaningless and pointless dribble I've seen in a long time ... Especially considering the critical acclaim, the Oscar nod and the cast. Screenwriter Stephen Gaghan has disappointed me once again. His horribly written Havoc preceded this movie and I think he's trying too much. I can not believe that you have been offered the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code script. In addition to that, Gaghan directed the film that made it an absolute disaster. I had no idea who was anyone, why things were happening, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> As I do not really know who anyone was, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their performances because despite the horribly complicated script, the actors did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. Field agent and killer I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been one of my favorites, but lately he has managed to produce some decent performances and this seems to be a very good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid story and if he knew what was going on with him, he would have really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and is rather insipid and always looks like a deer in the headlights, so I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then try to execute it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and does well in the few scenes they give him. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo like someone doing something. I like Plummer and I love seeing it appear even if it does not have the best turnover. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense, even if only the story makes sense. I would like to quote exactly the plot description in IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir of an Emirate grants an oil contract to China, eliminating a US company that quickly dismisses its immigrant workers and merges with a small company that obtained an oil contract of Kazakhstan The Department of Justice suspects bribery and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat The CIA also needs it when its plot to kill the emir fails Agent Bob Barnes, the fallen man, resolves the double cross An American "the economist shows the death of his son in a contract to advise the sheikh that the CIA wants him to die. Unemployed Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group. All roads start and end in the oil fields. "WHAT!?!? Say who now? Syriana could be the thinking man's movie, but it bored me to tears and it did not matter how much I tried to keep myself, finally I gave up and turned it off after an hour and a half, and you would not have bribed me enough to get it in. I guess if you want to form an opinion, do not hesitate to see it, but I promise that someone looking for entertainment or a nice movie will be Asleep in the first half hour 1/10
