Wha-BAM! Someone probably had fun devouring a whole truck of acid mushrooms and then keep this crazy excuse for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen extends the concept of "Sword and Witchcraft" with a couple of additional S, such as Sex, Stupidity, (more) Sex and sheer stupidity. This is not just a movie, it's the dreams and fantasies of all the youthful perverts that come true! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, female clay fight, rape attempt, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, horribly oiled muscle bodies, multi-sex orgies, gay warriors, tournaments to the death, delirious witches, dismemberment, villains and laughing tits, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally cleans the floor with his obvious "Conan: The Barbarian" model when it comes to cheese terms and sheer extravagance. The story is obviously less important. The lone and mortal warrior (only he does not know it yet) goes on a mission, as ordered by an annoying witch, to gather the three notorious elements of creation. or something like that. On his journey, he combines forces with a troll turned human, a fighter who is even more cheerful than him and, last but not least, a delicious lady who really does not seem to be a great support of the concept of support. Together they go to the kingdom of the evil Munkar, where they will participate in a tournament of warriors and conquer at least two of the three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with half a spider's web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would even jealous the richest oil sheikh. Granted, granted, "Deathstalker" is a pretty horrible movie and, sometimes, even unbearable. The fight sequences are boring and the disguises and make-up effects are absolutely pitiful. For a moment, as I contemplated the initial sequence, I feared I was watching "Troll, the prequel." The monsters seem incredibly cheesy and on the contrary as threatening, but it is an undeniable entertainment if you are in an undemanding mood. I guess this is not a favorite among feminists, since the general representation of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most girls serve exclusively as treats in the harem. They are allowed to crawl naked on the floor and play in the mud, but they are strictly prohibited from opening their mouths. The two "leading" women (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are dazzling but, in all honesty, if it were not for their shelves continually exposed, it would not be worth mentioning them either.
