I was looking at the Hollywood video last night with a friend who was trying to find a good looking horror movie to see the New Year's weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" saw my eye, I pulled it off the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-grade horror movie. The cover looked pretty good. The plot sounded semi-interesting. So I rented it. That mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I'm thinking that more money was spent on the cover than in the film itself. The film follows two police detectives who track a ritualistic serial killer inspired by voodoo called "The Head Hunter", who is beheading left and right in an anonymous city (probably Los Angeles), and they feel attracted to his world of ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> Does something good sound? Well, it is, and this movie could have been half decent. But, my God, it was bad! Almost everything was ridiculous. The opening scene features a red-haired actress in a car trying to talk about this huge old-fashioned cell phone, and for whatever reason, go out and talk to a guy. Then, a shadow appears behind them, the head is cut and the girl falls to the ground and begins to crawl (without any reason) while trying to dial 911. Does it sound ridiculous? Yes, you can bet it is. It seems that the whole movie was shot on a VHS-quality camera, and I suppose so. The performance was mostly horrible, and the special effects were far from credible. And the scenes with the cops on the phone were terrible, the voice on the other line echoed and it sounded like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just amateurish and tedious, and it did not keep my interest for long, and I was often bored and tired, mainly because of the bad acting and the horrible cinematography. The rhythm was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> In general, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent B-movie. The plot was good and I think that if this movie had been handled better and had a higher budget, it could have been fine. But this movie fell flat on his face. If you are waiting for something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. It is only recommended if you can tolerate D-rated horror movies. Otherwise, you probably want to stay away from this direct trash to the video. It had a bit of potential, but it was beyond disaster. 1/10.
