Woosh ?? Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene, maybe? We see a group of Mongoloid barbarians with bad makeup jumping from the walls of some ruins. They sneak around and attack a guy with a captive girl with little clothes. The guy escapes, the Mongoloids follow him and one of them stays behind, apparently to rape the girl, but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then, the uncle (still in the race) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? Appears a blond hero like a god with a bad wig that says "That's my horse!". The Mighty Deathstalker has just made its appearance. The Mongoloids arrive, the Deathstalker kills them all (including the uncle) in the melodies of a very inappropriate Mexican western score (it is supposed to be a movie of Swords and Sorcery, so, what about the 'up-trumpets'? ?), And then Climb the captive girl and expose both breasts. He starts rubbing them and it seems that Captive Girl likes it. She begins to like his lips and caresses Deathstalker. Just as they are about to begin, this old friend appears, interrupting what could have been the end of a perfect day for the Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending to a short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me ?? Is not that the point at which a feminist would put out the movie with anger or any other male viewer would say "This is going to be a very good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: the mortal Stalker must obtain the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Amulet of Life and the Magic Chalice from the evil sorcerer Munkar. <br /> <br /> Aside from Decapitations, dismemberment, random bloodshed, delayed fists and fights with shameful swords. This movie also contains a lot of shots and photos. Initially I wanted to add an additional point to this movie for each free picture of naked boobies I could count on. After 9 points (not even halfway in the movie), I had to stop counting. It distracted me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Totally crazy things Check out this mutant worm / cat creature that Munkar has as a pet and feeds eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: What would you do if a man in a woman's body entered your room and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you hit him a little, you take off the knife and then you try to rape him. Then you discover that she is not really a woman, so you throw her out of your bed and tell her to leave your room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and Deathstalker-way is the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, really, as pointed out in other comments. The villains are vile. The women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. There is a completely useless tournament that only presents a group of barbarians beating, beating and cutting the shit out of each other. My favorite weapon used in that tournament was a giant wooden hammer, used to beat a poor contender to the bloody pulp. And my favorite contender, without a doubt, was that brute with the head of Warthog (which reminds the Gamorrean Guards of RETURN OF THE JEDI). I will not reveal how the movie ends, but be prepared to love it when I tell you that there is a 4-way dismemberment at the climax of the movie. <br /> <br /> And, of course, there is a wonderful display of Ineptitude throughout the entire film. See a man dragged behind a horse by a dirt road, and the next point shot shows him as dragged on grass (no road). See that impressive tattoo on the sorcerer's head and change sides magically within the same scene (in the shot he has it on the left side of his head, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a magician. That's it, or this film was filmed in an alternative universe where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I enjoyed this and as much as I hope the other 3 In the series of this series, I have enough fragments of decency to not let this movie go by. However, I am prepared to give you the maximum number of minimum points, only to be able to deduct a couple more points for possibly lower sequels. DEATHSTALKER can be an incredibly funny, trashy and sordid CONAN scam, it is also an abominable movie.
