If there is one thing that bothers me more when watching a bad movie, it is seeing it made by experienced filmmakers who should know better. This "reimagination" of the Planet of the Apes could have used some imagination, to say nothing of the essential elements of character development. Nova, the original Planet of the Apes girl, was a better-developed character than Daena in this version, for everything that does not say a single word. Certainly, he expected much better from Tim Burton, a man who until now has combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, wit and humor, all of which was notably absent in this production. <br /> <br /> There were problems in the basics. Development of the plot. The first big mistake was to allow humans to talk. This was the fundamental difference between the monkeys and the men who made * all * the difference in the original movie. Even when he was speechless, his ability to communicate was what distinguished Taylor from Heston as different from other humans. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages human slaves (who speak) to rebel, but there is no overwhelming reason why they have not rebelled and have claimed their emancipation already. They are skilled users of tools and have the ability to communicate to form plans, something that humans can not do. It does not need any man to fall from the stars to save them. In fact, since it comes from a technological civilization and is in an era of prior technology without (at first) any device to help it, it is Wahlberg who must be at a disadvantage, not the humans who are used to living there. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to generate some kind of spark between her and that brick wall that Mark Wahlberg does not answer. His best scenes were with the villain Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> Humans were practically ignored until they were needed in the third act, at which point Daena began to show some real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg), and a young boy The boy suddenly changed part of the background to a freedom fighter for Gung-Ho. This was a poor development of character. (Estella Warren, in particular, looked as if she had been capable of much more than what was given in the script). Wahlberg's bewilderment at the end about what these humans see in him was certainly shared by me, as he has barely interacted with humans at all. <br /> <br /> Creating the apes: half a point more and two less: Ape makeup was excellent for men, particularly Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (that's why he was so good at The Green Mile), and the makeup design allowed him to use them completely. But simian females did not resemble anything on earth, ape or human. The disadvantages were the jumps of apes that seemed as realistic as the Flash Gordon rocket: the jumping apes seemed to have been fired from a catapult, they had nothing of the grace of the long monkeys of genuine apes. Secondly, the bad mix of sound: when the gorillas roar, it is clearly bent by some animal, probably feline, which makes them look ridiculous and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> In the original movie, the various "human" things the monkeys do and say are handled as a light relief ("I never met a monkey that I did not like." "Human, human ! "). Here, monkeys speak only naturally as humans do in the 21st century, and there is no humor at all. The only genuinely original idea was for Ari to write with his feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me tremble more than the moment "Star Trek V-Ger" near the end of the movie. First, the monkeys had apparently been able to read the Roman letters in the distant past, so that they knew the name of the Forbidden Zone in its partially hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription that gives the name is simply covered with sand that Wahlberg simply removes, something that any ape could have done centuries ago. This moment was, for me, much worse than the film's much-maligned ending. <br /> <br /> However, things of that nature are typical of most current science fiction movies. In the 60s and 70s, they generally did not have the budget to make convincing futuristic scenarios, but they treated genuinely original themes and ideas that were truly science fiction. I am thinking of 2001: a space odyssey, the planet of the apes of 1967, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and the Solaris of 1972. The first Planet of the apes even used the only scientifically valid and physically possible method to advance in time. However, this film includes almost all the bad clichés of science fiction: space storms, anomalies and wormholes directly from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons apparently all are seen together as large globes (in fact, from any planet, all other bodies, even their own moons, are only points of light); a conventional rocket-propelled shuttle that travels from Saturn to Earth in a matter of minutes instead of years A two-thousand-year-old computer was activated and fully functional the minute the hero pressed the button. To say nothing of an interior glass door conveniently bulletproof. In a contemporary environment, you should explain * why * it was bulletproof, but because it is "science fiction" you do not have to do it! <br /> <br /> In general, the most disappointing movie of Burton.
