Spoiler alert ?? Although I think that it was spoiled coming out of the can? It is difficult to even imagine that a movie with these stars, from this study, made in this period of time, could be so horrible, but it is. It's the biggest flaw in the movie that does not make any sense. <br /> <br /> The wealthy American widower Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "in charge" and heads to the First World War, where he is murdered. Then we anticipate the present (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court where it is said that they have spent the last twenty years, and an idiot named Barclay is trying to take away their home. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that comprise the script, with more holes in it than in The Warren Report. What happened to Gaylord's fortune? If the will is worth 500 million, why has the family home gone from an opulent palace to the house in The Munsters? Who the hell is this Barclay clown? And why is he able to take someone away from them? The questions only accumulate on more questions. <br /> <br /> The generally affable and charming George Brent is playing Barclay, which is inexplicably a total dunk for everyone, taking whatever he wants, no matter who he is. Belongs to and without a twinge of guilt; however, nobody but Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to especially dislike this cretin. Why? None of these questions is answered. Instead, we simply follow Fiona's life from one train to another, the evil Barclay takes her home, her fortune and even her son. What she does? Shoot him? Did you set it on fire? No, too logical. In a completely improbable conclusion, this woman, who only had a previous romantic relationship with Barclay, was that, except for the technicality of marriage, the rape, suddenly decides in the middle of the sentence (literally) that she does not hate him, that love And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, without any reason in the world, this first female model of independence and authority becomes the typical ankle sprain mimic that is most commonly found in the movies of this era. Yes, of course, steal everything that belongs to me from the world and I will fall in love with you. On what planet does that happen? I can only guess that the reason why I never heard of this film before I discovered it in Turner is that it was as lost in the contemporary audience as it is today.
