I wish more movies would last two hours. On the other hand, I wish more movies of the American Civil War had MERELY two hours. "What the wind took", "Gettysburg", is approximately the length that I have come to expect; although those two, at least, entertained for many hours lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because things HAPPENED in the course of it. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Ang Lee's movie is inflated and uneventful. Actually it feels like it takes a lot less than two hours. That was not a compliment. It really is not different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the moment it seems it will never end, then it seems that it has not taken time at all. <br /> <br /> The film is wrong foot, while Lee reproduces his endless credits on the opening material (error) in which we present some characters that we dislike instantly and later hate. The two centers are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are strong supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally loyal Southerner whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to reread that sentence to make sure I had not written "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa.) The two are going to become "assailants", southern militias that they crave. revenge and violence because they can not even be bothered to join the official army of the South, which I guess they think is for ladybugs. I'm afraid Lee lost me there. It is easy to feel the characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to like them or feel that we know them in some way, then their moral failures can make us take more care of them. It is not like that here. We did not properly introduce ourselves to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it is clear that it is a grain without a man, that is not a confederate by choice but by habit, the kind of person who says and does what all those around him say and do, whose psychology is purely imitative . . The people with whom you associate are equally or positively evil in some uninteresting way. I found myself cheering when the Northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: well: kill the rebels, end the damn war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Aggravating this problem is horrible, horrible dialogue. They all speak with the same querulous Southern accent. I have heard accents from all the English speaking world and this is the worst of all. I do not care if southerners really talked like that, it's just not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we heard it during the full two hours: Lee's picture is one of the best, largely because the characters take so long to say what they want to say in their non-grammatical accent, say everything, three times. It would help if they spoke faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more efficient language to communicate? <br /> <br /> In summary: the film is small, but it is a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life, who speak in an offensively ugly way. speech, that is not bathed often, to whom nothing of interest does not happen to him, in spite of being involved in a war. Good points? The jewel was pleasing to the eye, and also the landscape. But I have complaints even here. The cinematography, very well framed, seemed as if someone had replaced the film in color with black and white by mistake; and as for Jewel, they bothered us with his body, but in reality we were never allowed to see him, which I think is the least that was due to us.
