** SPOILERS ** This was an ugly movie, and I'm sorry I saw it. Like Dobermann by Jan Kounen, he suffers mainly from a bad edit, or lack of it. It is as if the director was so in love with his work that, instead of reducing the film at a pace that kept his attention, he added all the images he had filmed together. There are maybe two great scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera starts spinning around him. That was great, but it's okay, we have it! Come in please! The camera will not stop spinning around this guy! Maybe there are one or two other great scenes that I forgot in this torrent of mediocrity, but the last scene of the duel is NOT ONE OF THEM! It may be because unlike the previous sword-handling scenes, Shanao is not masked, but because the director could not find a specialist who resembles Asano Tadanobu and does not give him the right to go ahead and recover 80%. % of the sword fight with extreme close-ups of sword clashes! And all from the same angle, I can add. The director should learn from the ninja bullet train movie produced in the United States in 1995, The Hunted! Personally, I saw the scene of the raid in the town as a tribute to the social activists of the previous generation who were confronted by the police in the violent demonstrations of their university years. The situation in which innocence is oppressed by an authoritarian and armed branch of government that is not willing to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialists and communists who are a political minority. The film versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two other recent examples. * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find praise in this material. Maybe the worst was lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, in which marketing played a lot, is a different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But that legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and is so far removed from contemporary issues, that after 138 minutes of visual techniques reproduced, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret the story? Director Sasaki Hirohisa of Crazy Lips said there was an unpleasant tendency among new Japanese directors to ignore Japanese audiences and point their films to foreign film festivals, in order to gain more international fame. This works, although it does not make sense, because the objective of an international film festival is to present to the world what kind of films are being made in other countries, what kind of films people look at in those countries. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
