Well, where do you start? I guess I can start with the general complaint about the way this movie is marketed. Call me ignorant for not knowing Schneebaum's book before watching the documentary that is based on it and decide that I've been living under a kind of rock, but do not blame me for choosing this movie from the title and the description in the box it does not take into account the fact that this "documentary" is actually a complement to that book. Yes, I felt pretty stupid after watching this little movie seeing that the reason I sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good portion of a "Modern Cannibalic Tale". I mean, am I a fool to wait for this film to cover most of its history about the behavior of cannibalism in the jungle tribes? Certainly, I did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes from an old fucked ass kissing his ass whining for every little detail of his boring and worn out life. I certainly did not expect the insipid address and, above all, I did not expect to laugh so much at Tobias Schneebaum and all his unpleasant glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really unpleasant. The old man simply rambles and complains about the whole movie, turning the image into a personal story, although he is not even an interesting character to fill a story. Oh seriously? Was he a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film focuses on almost nothing with respect to Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we can really see some cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his little and silent treatment about what happened to him in Peru and said he had "a small part". That's all folks. Ninety minutes of bull later and Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal for three inches. It's like calling a movie "The Life of a Real Don Juan" only to see that the only time the protagonist of that movie did anything sexual happened in college when he once played "just the tip". Amazing. <br /> <br /> The direction is, in fact, incredibly ghostly, since there is no flow or rhythm in the story that is told. Okay, I understand that I did not read Schneebaum's volume before I saw his celluloid story, but I can still recognize a bit of rhythm and an even worse editing. In a minute, Schneebaum talks about cruises and sightseeing and the next he keeps talking about how he can not drive and then he talks about some dead relative or some miserable and failed saga of his life. I mean, Jesus, can you at least hit your story back to the first part? Do you still have some things that cover your homosexuality and then finish with a deep look at your visit to Peru? Besides: I do not care much about Schneebaum's insipid little jokes about life and life, but at least I beg the old man to stay in tune with his ramblings. If I hear a guy talk about how he prefers life in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly complain and moan about wanting to come home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note on the direction is the random clips of the story in question to the small television appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may discover that the clips are small breaks from the story, the director has used the trick too much and has broken his whole movie into pieces by trying to put most of the effort into telling the story on the old reels. <br /> <br /> The conclusion, here, is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Pure and simple. I know I have not read the book, but I'm still clinging to the argument that this movie is totally useless in pointing out that a good movie should stand on its own. This documentary is based too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and, instead, part of that assumption as a supplementary disc found on a DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and malicious, hitting a bitter combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably fascinating. If you're looking for a solid piece about the nature of humans and cannibalism, stay away because "Keep the river to your right" is a disturbing self-serving shame about a man who has long needed a jacket and coat. jaw.
