Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) careers in film before they finally joined. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan films, he was presented on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and during his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe." While touring post-war Britain with Laurel at an act of music for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe in which he explained the origin of this nickname: at the beginning of his acting career, Hardy shaved in an gay hairdresser who squeezed it Hardy's plump cheeks (those of his face) and said: "Nice baby!" Hardy's co-workers started shouting 'Babe', and the nickname got stuck. <br /> <br /> Although much of the work prior to Hardy's Laurel is very interesting, especially his comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and Chaplin impersonator Billy West. - Your teamwork with Billy Ruge (who?) in a series of low budget short films for Vim Comedy Film Company is really very serious. Hardy and Ruge were given the screen names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant on their own, but get worse because Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) is not especially a runt. Seen here, Hardy looks a lot like what he does in his first Hal Roach movies with Laurel ... but without the spit curls and the annoying little mustache. <br /> <br /> 'One Too Many', an absolutely typical Plunt and Runt epic, is terribly unflattering ... and its beauty is made all the more evident by the fact that this film has exactly the same premise as "That's My Wife", one of the funniest movies of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is the star guest in a boardinghouse run by a tall and sloppy landlady. Runt (Ruge) is the goalkeeper. Plump receives a letter from his wealthy uncle John, whom he hopes to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and to meet Plump's wife and baby. There's only one problem: Plump does not have a wife and a baby. He has been lying to his uncle to look like a family man. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find him a wife and a baby in the short term. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be good if those disastrous results were fun, but they are not. Most of the humor without grace here is just an empty slapstick, with characters that solve their arguments by pushing each other in bathtubs. <br /> <br /> THE SPOILERS COME. The director of Vim, Will Louis (who?) Shows no instinct for the framing of the camera: the actress who plays the landlady is significantly taller than Hardy, and Louis always prepares his shots so that his head is out of framing This could be fun if done on purpose, but it is simply inept. At one time in this bad comedy, an extremely insipid gag looms on the horizon when Runt approaches a black laundress. "Surely they would not duck so much as to laugh," I thought. But they do it. Runt steals the woman's black baby and tries to get rid of this like Plump's progeny. <br /> <br /> Somehow, Plump acquires a baby's crib, but he does not have a baby yet. With Uncle John climbing the stairs, Plump recruits Runt for babyhood. It is possible that this gag has worked with a dwarf, or even with an actor of runtico size like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is only slightly below the average height. The personification of a baby by Ruge is not credible or fun, and Uncle John would have to be a complete imbecile to fall into the trap. Surprisingly, it does! <br /> <br /> The most notable aspect of 'One Too Many' is a brief appearance, apparently his only film appearance, by Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marital problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very short flashback sequence, with Hardy recalling his romance by the sea with a bathing beauty. In 1916, there was still no standard movie grammar to transmit flashbacks: the one shown here is done with grace and simplicity. Pity that this movie does not have other merits. 'One Too Many' is definitely too much of a movie in Oliver Hardy's CV, and I'll rate this movie only one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely much more fun than either of them separately.
