it was and in a simpler time (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple movie about a crazed psychotic crucifixion of Christ as a woman in acid with sequences of endless dreams and interconnected scenes retrospective while having multiracial orgies between genders, regardless of financial responsibilities or moral repercussions. <br /> <br /> This tedious, slow, boring movie is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy-handed art school that passed as art in the mid-70s. And I love it! once this train collapses with endless slow motion movements and heavy echo chamber echo guitar reverberations, you can not look away from it to the ridiculous and absurd end. It is a kind of cross between the superstar of Jesus Christ, beyond the valley of the dolls, and a trip of very bad acid with your parents in a bed of water. it is both a train shock, completely fascinating, and also a great snapshot of the worst (or the best) elements of the b-grade psychedelic movie genre of the seventies. <br /> <br /> The plot. <br /> <br /> I'll just tell you the plot because you can hardly know what's going on because of the cross-edited flashbacks to events that may or may not have happened to characters that may or may not be themselves, and the painted face like a hippy The melodies intertwine without ceasing in banal sequences of mime at the level of performance as the street theater. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a really annoying iconoclastic filmmaker who shouts at people and is surrounded by a mostly silent film crew. Always releasing acid and taking what seem to be really bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has an auxiliary role as what appears to be the accountant. The film crew seems to hate him for some reason and burst into a maniacal laugh perhaps to torment him. "Suzanne", the titular character, is a slender blonde who enters space and comforts the "crazy" character totally crazy. "The artist" is going completely crazy, by the way. either by his overexcitement of punches or by the incredible desolation of his paintings. All of course terrible nudes of Susanne. there are other characters that appear at random, a cigar chewing "man". which is also all hot for Suzanne, I suppose. he has a monologue I could never really figure out what had to do with the story, except that everyone had to hate the "man" back then and you could not make a movie without one. There is also a mute girl. The mute girl bears fruit in the end, trust me, she is incredibly stupid.
