So I finally saw the movie "My Left Foot" last night, after years of my mother telling me how amazing it is ... Day-Lewis's central performance is really amazing and amazing, but anyone with minimal exposure to the other. the work should not wait less. <br /> <br /> The error of fatal judgment in my eyes was that by obsessing to prove the normality of this man; The movie chose to show him as a complete and complete imbecile. On the one hand I can see that this is a logical correlation; Humanity always has the capacity to be objectionable, and disability should not hide that. I only wish that the impartial spectators do not forgive so much the aberrant behavior and assume that the circumstances make it pardonable automatically. They do not Act is normal, and then yes, people with disabilities act, but they do not because they are disabled; They do it because they are being unreasonable. A physical impediment does not give you the right to launch a sibilant attack in public, just because someone who loves rejects it. <br /> <br /> There are certain things that it is not advisable to do if you are incapacitated or unable -Bodied Giving someone a tacit permission to start a soccer ball directly in your head for the sole purpose of fitting is one of them . (It's true that once I saved a penalty from the star striker of the school with my face, but by then I was already in. It was not for acceptance). Participating in a bar fight is another. Revealing yourself in the fact that your father only accompanies you after you have proved yourself capable of jumping metaphorically through physical hoops, takes masochism a step too far. All these things are stupid, and to suffer them as a way of demonstrating your bravery does not make them less reckless. <br /> <br /> So yes; just because you have overcome obstacles to achieve great things does not make you any less foolish ... Being a good person has priority; The establishment of an inspiring example for the disabled should appear on the list.
