96 minutes of this is cruel ... and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot is a thing; yes the lines are trite; but whoever was in charge of this was not a fan. There is so much "intrigue" (and I use that word with great pause) that I wonder if it's an old episode of Starsky and Hutch. I lost count of how many times I noticed that the makeup had lost a point near the neck. Refusing to acknowledge that, since the mid-1960s (ridiculous), producers have simply replaced Marilyn and Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and age? The addition of an Addam family-style gathering does not add to the flavor of the Halloween Party. <br /> <br /> The grandfather and Herman fly to Transylvania and return in a few hours (ridiculous). Sid Ceaser is the ultimate, yes the most incredible character (I'm including the bad robots) as he babbles an unusual combination of gibberish and yiddish, but claims to be a former Arab ruler. And yes, it seems that lacks the track of laughter. In fact, there are several spots where there is dead air, as if the hint of laughter was inserted later. The actors seem to wait for the false audience. It is not laughable; it's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that only shows how out of touch with writers and producers. Marilyn says something like, "Where could Uncle Herman and grandfather be? They could have been in an accident, they could have been run over by a car ... or by a train!" Lily says she responds with something like, "Your uncle Herman will be here if he has to crawl out of the train track." The surprising thing about this is: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a double in the early 60's, he lost a leg and was almost killed in a train maneuver. He never recovered and this devastated his family financially. (Look at the fantastic biography review about his life and his career) This line could easily have been changed to be more sensitive to it. <br /> <br /> If you are a true Munster fan, then you will have to RENT This disaster. Illustrate how some things are best left alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, this is almost as bad as the remake attempt of the show a few years ago.
