To be clear from the start, 'The Bagman' is very, very, very bad. He suffers terribly in almost every respect except one: the final product is such a horrible movie that it is actually hysterically funny to watch. This is a very low quality movie. The budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who even sees the sequence of the opening title. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie was thought or not. For example, the film takes place in 'Doomsville'. Note to all potential home buyers: if the city you are moving to is called 'Doomsville', keep moving. Stephanie Beaton quickly takes off the top to enjoy a very enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I could not help laughing because he has intentional humor (he lights the gas stove ... do you understand? Is sex that hot? Understood?) And unintentional humor. The unintentional in this case is music. It's like the song of 'Chariots of Fire' called Electronics. Break the computer and synthesizers! I realize that creating music for a small production like this has a prohibitive cost. I really feel for them because the work here is very well intentioned. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I have not laughed so much about sex on the screen since 'Alone in the Dark' with that song from 'Seven Seconds' (I guess they were implying that poor old Mr. Slater was a bit ... fast in the draw? ). Even the final credits are hilarious. Intentional or not? Be the judge: a dog and a cat are part of the accredited cast, and an animal breeder was ready for them! - The boom is credited to 'Mr. B. Stick ', and the wardrobe of the third unit (yes, they had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the hilarity of this more than saves the movie. The movie is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so well-intentioned in 'The Bagman' that you can not help it, but you like the movie they produced. 'The Bagman' is bad but not terrible. In a sweet way, it even manages to be a little endearing. Bring your faults so honestly that you can not help but forgive them. The "best" films that try to hide the flaws are almost worse in a certain way. I guess this is just a movie that knew who their audience was and that was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be much better than this. Some of them may seem cheaper, or have a worse performance or a silly production value. You may not suffer terribly as 'The Bagman' does it because of the horrible editing, sound and sound effects. Mr. B. Stick did not do a very good job. The special effects seem to be where most of the money was. They tend to be more fun than horrifying, although when the 'Bagman' is finally unmasked, the makeup work there is surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit high But humor helped a lot. This is an ideal movie to track some nights with some friends and a few beers in your hand. All those who seriously consider themselves as B-movie or low budget moviegoers can enjoy great entertainment. Everyone else should probably avoid it with great prejudice.
