"The Bubble" is an effort to make a kind of gay Romeo and Juliet story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, although it seems that it is "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are shallow and trite, as are the dialog and the plot line. The film seems torn between the fluff and the depth. On the one hand, there is a great effort to be superficial, since (in an example of many) some minor characters even ask questions that invite the development of the understanding of the conflicts in question and get answers like "Hey, we are here to make a poster for a rave against occupation, do not become a politician! "Beyond the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is just one of the many signs that the film is as hollow and insubstantial as its title suggests. On the other hand, the main pretension of the film to the depth follows the lovers of a presentation of "Bent", a play about gays in a Nazi labor camp. The scene on the stage is hastily hurried, undermining its erotic power (understandable given the film's time constraints, but this could have been edited with much better effect) and is presented as weakly as the rest of the film. Too. This work deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so caricatured of a dimension that some even have names that telegraph all their substance (although the word seems inappropriate here). The aggressive soldier of the Golani crack brigade is called "Golan". The Palestinian militant is called "Jihad". The faghag roommate who struggles to be chic is "Lulu". Anyone who is familiar with the checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether it be from real life or from documentaries, will find that the scenes from the checkpoints are as absurdly unreal as? Well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman enters the fastest registered work, the Israeli soldiers are solicitous and helpful, an ambulance appears in a matter of minutes. (The result of the birth serves to show the Palestinians as indifferent to Israeli charity and even to an absolute paranoid). Overall, the checkpoint is shown as a mere discomfort, not as a series of humiliating and numbing obstructions of bones that do not take into account medical attention or need in cases of birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to move from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, without papers, without problems. He simply appears when he likes it. When the Israelis want to overcome it, it is a much greater challenge that involves a decent scheme of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> In the context of kind and sympathetic Israelis and evil homophobic Palestinians, we move to a resolution that is completely lacking in motivation or purpose? except as a painfully obvious dramatic device to pity forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> The Israeli-Palestinian gay romance has been handled on the stage with much more skill and depth than in the "Salaam / Shalom" of Saleem, so this film is not as innovative as some people They would like to think. <br /> <br /> Films gloriously bad? Like Ed Wood's works, at least they have a surprising idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This does not even have that in his favor. Most of the sound tracks sound like Simon and Garfunkel in quaaludes, and even with the odd Oedipal touches of the gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that permeates this film is presented as a mediocre television movie of the week.
