No effort was made in Valentine to prevent it from being just another teenage movie, a subgenre of horror movies that we have seen too many in the last decade. I've heard a lot of people complain that the movie starts several previous horror films, from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate being redundant, the scam is so obvious that it's impossible not to say something. poor Jeremy's head at the beginning of the movie is so clearly taken from Carrie that they could have said it right in the movie ("Hi everyone, this is the director, and the next one is my Carrie scam." scene. '). But that's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The movie is structured piece by piece in exactly the same way that any other teen thriller is structured. At first we briefly know a girl, they kill her, people ask in the old tone of "oh, but that's the only thing that happens to other people", and then they begin to kill themselves. The problem here is that the director and the writers want, in a clear and honest way, to keep the film mysterious and full of suspense, but they have no idea how to do it. Take Jason, for example. Here is this irremediably arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check into a date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the movie after the brief lesson of history about how bad it is. poor Jeremy was treated, it's supposed to have something of importance. In addition to that, and most importantly, it has the same initials as the child that all the girls terrorized in the sixth grade, and the same initials that are signed on the bottom of all the Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberate and, at times, successfully tricked by the behavior of one or more characters that appear to be the main suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not such. A good example of a successful effort. Sure, for a while I thought he might be the killer, but that's not the point. We know from the beginning that he is terrible with women, which links him to the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then, in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiles coquettishly at two of the leading girls, and then he gives them a hateful look and walks away, disappearing from the party and the movie without any explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the movie was so badly thought that he was simply eliminated when they finished with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer is true. in fact, it became difficult to predict the identity in at least one subtle way that, unfortunately, was also another scam. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, he makes no sound, suggesting that the killer might be a woman who keeps quiet to avoid revealing herself as a woman, instead of a man like all they suspect. But for the rest of the movie, we have this relentless killer, relentless and implacable with the emotionless mask and that giant butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had some problems with girls in the sixth grade) mentions that he was influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, completely unnecessary, because it is so obvious because of how badly he plagiarized the movie. The only difference between the murderer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and had no problems with nosebleeds. This thing is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to trick us once again as to who the killer is (complete with the elimination of the slow and prolonged mask `and-the-killer-is'), but then we see that Adam's nose begins to bleed while holding Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know that he has always been the killer. Nothing in the movie hinted that he could be the killer until the final act, and these unexplained nosebleeds were not exactly the smartest way to identify the real killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not scary (I saw him in an empty house only after midnight, and I've been afraid of the dark for as long as I can remember, and I did not even get scared), and the characters may care about whether It was not so obvious that they were going to die. I remember that I was impressed by the theatrical advances (although the movie was in and out of the theater faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same.
