Oh, what a painful science fiction movie! And that is especially sad because the first 15 minutes were full of action and potential! During the introduction, we followed a group of nervous security agents and hired assassins while they chased a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of top secret files. When he is about to reveal the supposedly horrible and inhuman events that take place in the laboratory, he is executed. Figures ?? From that moment, the "action" alternates between two locations, the aforementioned laboratory and the rural mansion of a corrupt senator (or something like that), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiments are really the opposite of the disturbing. More boring, meaningless and vague. The scientists selected four random people without living relatives and it is really very important that they tell the truth, even if a giant machine reads the content of their minds, anyway. All hide dark secrets from their pasts and people suffer when they are revealed; however, I do not see how these tests can result in a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting to follow, since none of them actually have personalities. Basically, "The Brain Machine" only deals with a group of lame people who live in a very decorated room. The movie could also have been half an hour shorter if it were not for THOUSANDS of stagnant shots of buildings! The relocations from the laboratory to the villa and vice versa are indicated EACH TIME UNIQUE for a five-second take of the places. Either the manufacturers really needed the stuffing or they just assumed that all the Sci-Fi viewers are idiots unable to notice a change of location on their own. Looking at an abandoned pool with a mansion in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying, I assure you. The performance of James Best as the reverend with mental problems is pretty decent, but a man definitely can not prevent this from being an absolute waste of time. Avoid!
