Wow. Watching this movie today, you can not help but feel horrified by the writing of this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple who, in modern times, could appear on "The Jerry Springer Show," since they have a sickly and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably, the writers seem to be backing it up! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a hungry and homeless Loretta that shows the strings of the poor but very clever Spencer Tracy. He shows you how by cheating you can do very well with little money and takes her home to her hut to stay. It is never clear if they are married or not, and considering that it is a Pre-Code movie, you can assume that they are not, even though they are cohabiting. Your relationship is very strange ... and quite sick. While you can see that Tracy cares about her for her actions, he is verbally abusive and a total imbecile, and Young comes running back for more like some kind of dog. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly", and these are, in a sickly way, his way of using affections! Later, when he starts playing with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what he wants, he's fine with her! Surely it smells like a sadomasochistic relationship and you can not help feeling a little horrified. Of course, he does not hit her, but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick she is, when Young becomes pregnant, she says "... it's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take care of everything!" Oh! Does not all this seem like looking through a peephole into a sick and dysfunctional home ?! Later, in a case of art that imitates life, Tracy demonstrates what kind of man is and disappears. After all, you can not carry it with a baby, even if it's yours. But, change your mind and decide to go home. Wow ... that's a bit of him! And, when he comes back, he is unpleasant and acts as if he is staying, he is not obliged to take care of the child !! And, she tells him that he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost crying at this tender moment ... NO! Soon, this crazy couple is married ... and, naturally, Young is depressed because he seems to stay the time that suits him, not out of love or sense of responsibility. So, how can you save something with these sick characters? What would you do? Well, as for the writers, they have Tracy soon committing a robbery to help pay the brat! The romantic aspects of the film are disappointing to say the least! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like an imbecile: he does almost nothing to take precautions and does not catch him, as if he expected to be sent to jail. And, to show what kind of good guy he is, the boy who tries to steal is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there is more to the film, the conclusion is that Tracy is a jerk and Young is an idiot in the movie. Even though both are very good actors, there is absolutely no way that they can do any of this shit that the writers produced. Good music, good scenarios, good acting ... and a script that is 100% poo. The current classification of film 7.4 is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the terrible stupidity of the characters. A horrible misfire that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta ever gets a spine in this movie or plays a person who is a bit strong, the answer is NO! In the end, he has not learned anything and has not changed one iota for the better. <br /> <br /> I'm sure they do not make movies like before ... and in this case ... thank God!
