It can contain spoilers !!!! so I watched this movie last night on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) that is NOT known for showing quality movies. This movie is horrible! I am still surprised to have seen all this, since it was terrible. Could this film contain more stereotypes? (Harping, a Jewish mother who wants her son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with priests, large crucifixes in all the rooms that are shown in the Catholic family house, Mexican whores, "bad" type that really is a soft heart, incredibly bad rural accent.) GAG !!!! At first I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this movie and after seeing that Cheryl Pollack and Corin Nemec were in it, I decided to stay up until 4 am to see it. Anyway, the only good thing about this movie is the beauty of Madchen Amick. I guess the performance of Pollack and Nemec is fine, but they have a horrible script to work with. unlike the other critic who commented on the lack of Texas accents (the film is supposed to take place in Austin and very few people have an accent), I think the accents were there (in supporting characters such as Mary Margaret's date and John) and they were unnecessary. They were also very, very bad. I am very tired of the "southern" accents of Hollywood that do not look anything like the area where the accent is supposed to be. and how it was supposed to take place in Austin and shoot movies there in 1991 would not have been expensive, I expected family photos of the city: the beautiful capitol building, the UT tower lit for a winning soccer game, none of these things I was there. In addition, it takes approximately 5 to 6 hours to get to Mexico from Austin. At one point in the film, Michael and his gang take off so that Mexico loses its virginities and can leave when it is dark (during the summer and early fall it does not get dark in Austin until 9 pm). spend time in Mexico getting drunk and having sex with Mexican whores (is there any other guy?), and then return to Austin at dawn. While this is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. and if someone has started school in the mountainous region (usually the third week of August, but may have been in September 1960), they know that unless they want to faint from the heat stroke, they DO NOT put on their jackets! ! in August and September in Austin and the surrounding areas is more than 90 degrees. only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or jackets on the first day of school. In general, a very badly made for the television movie experience.
