Announced by channel seven in Australia as the "untold story", this miniseries unravels in the first five minutes washing the childhood and adolescence of the titular character in less time than a good director will use to organize a single event. This cowardice and self-censorship for fear of offending anyone permeates the series, and ultimately is responsible for their failure. <br /> <br /> Robert Carlyle presents a brave performance as the most hated man of the 20th century, but He is paralyzed by two things. The lack of a decent dialog coach in the series leaves his heritage in the north of the UK shining blindingly through his physical appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes truly abysmal. Apparently, recognizing the fact that Hitler was raised in a Catholic family is out of bounds, but insulting millions of Vikings and their descendants by making Carlyle throw the most ridiculous lines about Valhalla is pretty good. Well, here is a clue for the writers: anyone familiar with Viking mythology will tell you that Valhalla is about the personification of honor and power in battle, two things that the Nazis quickly avoided in favor of the rat's cunning and the stabbing. Until we can awaken ourselves and realize that the reason why Hitler has never been excommunicated from the Catholic Church is because it would require the shameful recognition that he was once a member, we will never know what this horrible period of the history of the world teach us. <br /> <br /> So now that we've managed to insult the Vikings and citizens of the Scandinavian countries in this farce, you would think that the series would stop there, but it does not. Stockard Channing's list of opening credits was particularly striking, given that his voice is heard and his face is seen for a maximum of thirty seconds during the opening credits, which makes it clearly transparent that more shots were filmed. The first days of Hitler, but not included because of a typical fear of the nanny to offend someone. It is also quite ironic that films or miniseries that provide a better understanding of Hilter's character do not present it at all. <br /> <br /> Until we learn to stop covering the truth and realize that the citizenship of the majority of Germany was not opposed to Hitler's views, and not necessarily through ignorance, we will never learn to deal with the fact that the subversions of democracy (yes, Germany was a democracy before Hitler) can happen anywhere, we are condemned. That's the only thing that this miniseries managed to portray. Unfortunately, that element is lost in attempts to make Hitler's religious beliefs appear like those of much braver people, and the inability to scratch the surface anywhere on the subject. David Letterman's program had it fixed when they ran short satirical segments about the series. They really could have made a family comedy with him as the star, that's how bad it was written. <br /> <br /> In general, this politically correct farce of a biography is worthless, but I gave it two because Robert Carlyle definitely deserves better material than this, and he is almost the only thing that works.
