There are so many word games to play in the spectacularly evil Valentine's title that I do not know where to start. Although I will say this; Here is a movie that makes me want the complexity of the Valentine cards that we used to distribute in elementary school. You know, those of Batman exclaiming "You're a super lover of the fight against crime!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror films of recent years that ignores the influence of Scream. The villain is omniscient and almost invulnerable. Heroes are easily frightened when people run around the corners and grab them by the shoulders shouting "Hey, quietly mine!" The score is more dominant than the mother of Norman Bates. <br /> <br /> The flimsy plot follows several childhood friends, now grown and extremely curvilinear. As the movie gives them nothing else to do, they remain standing and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one. This stalker seems to be former nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. With Valentine's Day approaching, women begin to receive scary cards that predict their downfall. Melton seems the obvious suspect. The only problem is that, as many characters warn, in thirteen years, Melton could have changed his appearance to make him look attractive and attractive. Then (insert a cry of amazement here) everyone is suspicious! <br /> <br /> Here is a problem. To have a sense of suspense while watching Valentine, you must accept a reality in which a high school nerd is capable of becoming David Boreanaz. Nerds do not become Angel when they grow up, they become older and bald nerds. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, of no fewer than four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing more to do than shout and distinguish. Denise Richards (the sexiest actress in Hollywood who never starred in Baywatch) is especially exploited; more embarrassingly in the blatant excuse to put her in a swimsuit just before a crucial suspense scene. Personal note: always bring a swimsuit to a Valentine's party. The fact that it is February does not mean that you do not feel like taking a dip. <br /> <br /> Valentine's bully is dressed in black from head to toe with a mask of Cherub. Here is problem number two. The filmmakers clearly thought that this would be a disturbing image in the head of someone who is hitting people with hot irons. Plain and simple, it is not. Instead, it only made me wonder how a guy with a mask covering his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so stealthily without crashing his shins on chairs or tables. On the other hand, given the things that Cupid Killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are fixed on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie bad, you're not even sure who the killer is; The final "turn" is more "Eh?" that "Hah!" When you're not scratching your head, you're yawning, then moaning and then looking for the nearest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, find something, ANYTHING, something else to do. You'll be glad you did it.
