I'm in Iraq right now doing a job that gives me a lot of time to watch movies. We also have access to many pirated movies, this gem came along with 11 other movies, and this is easily the worst I've seen in a long time. I have seen some other critics who claim that this movie is not taken too seriously, but really, I think it is a cover up for the fact that it is horrible. It's not ironic, the writers really thought they were improving in the Blade movie. This movie is just a notch above Vampire Assassin, that if you have not seen it, I recommend it. At least that movie is so incredibly bad that you will laugh louder than you thought possible. This is right on that cusp of qualities without redemption that ever. from the bad performance, to the visual cliché (that is, the opening credits), to the main special effects of adobe. they could not even get blank spaces for the guns, which may have to do with where the film was shot, but if you are going to use effects, make them more precise. As for the cast, it seems that they only went to a tae bo class and picked up the first girl who was not ugly and who left. Again, just like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let the specialists act, they can not. Also, the comment on this is a "return of the old vampire movies" ... no, it is not. This is exactly what all the new vampire movies are about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, is about a super star that fights against vampires. This is the newest genre of vampires, with bad blood, false and cheesy shouts for acting. Obviously, anyone who has written a good review about this is somehow connected to the movie, or friends of the cast. But what do I care, I paid 33 cents for it. Anyway, to conclude, someone in his first semester of film school decided to make a movie, I give them credit because it is better than what I could do. Of course, I also know that I can not make movies, so I do not try. Although I know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours a night, 6 days a week, I have seen several thousands in the year that I have been here and this was so bad that halfway there I expected a mortar attack.
