Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her children gets out of hand with her annoying jokes, that she will never survive this trip ... boy, are you ever with the money? Karen is a school teacher who takes her group of children from the School of Historical Studies of Shepley to the crazy location of a decaying mansion in the great manure of Ireland ... surely there are places in this country more pleasant for the senses . that this?! The caretaker of the mansion, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the road and not to go into the woods. There is a myth related to the Clan Sawney Bean, a cannibal druid ritual family that celebrates Samhain (the end of summer, October 31) "Feast of the Dead" where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits. Gary is supposedly clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us, because he was born in Samhain. It's funny, because I'm sure you do not see the results well or even give advice with precision. Almost all die (... even those who never stray from the path) and do not even see their own dreadful destiny. What this monster we hear breathing is a victim of too much inbreeding ... his face resembles a malformed mushroom and looks like a horrible rejection of an image of Mad Max. It is not long before the "evil breeder" is killing everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is the love interest of Karen who made the wrong decision to go to Ireland without the prior knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The horrible formula does not deviate from the norm. It is a tiny budget that is displayed aloud and that the characters are clichés of the assembly line that occur once again to be sacrificed in the usual and bloody way. Most of the violence appears quickly on the screen, without dwelling too much on the acts of death of the breeder towards his victims. Many guts are removed during quick edit cuts when one scene moves to another. Seeing the beautiful naked body of Gillian Leigh for a moment or two is not a sufficient incentive to recommend it. Phil Price has the really annoying character, Steve, who often makes malicious jokes ... so he can make Leigh's Barbara undress in the shower as part of the action, nobody knows because I have no reason for the have a chance with such hottie Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the fortunate role of Shae, the quiet and intelligent virgin girl (who is also very good) that we know will be chosen by the script to survive. Jenna Jameson spends enough time for her heart to be cut out of her chest (at least we see her breasts momentarily before her chest opens) with some minor lines about two missing friends she is looking for. The main problem with the film is that the development of the story and the character stops because he realizes that none of them is interesting, so the director Christian Viel simply lets his monster run rampant causing a killing, destroying everything the cast almost in one fell swoop. Within ten minutes Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small opening cameo as a victim that veered off the path to the tent camp with his chick.
