In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking photographs. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and occurred literally in a very rapid succession. The short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed. As a result, the movies, although popular in their day, were simply awful by today's standards. Many of them have a great similarity with home movies that have unpleasant relatives assaulting the camera. Many others show that the characters roam in front of the camera and do almost nothing. And, regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to theaters. I suppose that all the films at this moment must have been quite bad, since the films of Keystone with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> The Charlie Chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in Chaplin's career with Keystone. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay Studios and the films improved dramatically with Chaplin as director. However, sometimes these films were still very difficult and not especially memorable. No, Chaplin as the cute Little Tramp was still evolving. In 1916, when he switched to Mutual Studios, his films once again improved and he became the most pleasant and recognizable guy. In many of the previous films he was just an imbecile (either getting drunk, hitting women, causing fights with innocent people, etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tramp to a classic state occurred in the 1920s as a result of his feature films. <br /> <br /> It's interesting that this film is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE, since the movie only lasts about 10 years. Minutes! Oh good. The plot, what little there is, involves the little vagabond in the park. A couple wants the neck, but inexplicably, Charlie insists on practically sitting on his lap and really annoying them. I do not understand why and the short is that Charlie wanders around the park bothering these people and others later in the film. Maybe he was looking for a threesome, I do not know. But the film lacks coherence and is not particularly fun, even when people begin to slap and push each other in the lake. A typical poor effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and a personality.
