First, this deserves around 5 stars due to the performance (some would give me a better subjective opinion and NOT an objective one as I should give it to this, WELL LOOK, star), but then I know that those facts are used for the actor (S NAMES to increase the rating of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; another attempt (as "impossible to trace") of a systematic propagandistic feature that promotes government intrusion on their rights (the interesting thing that results at a time when IPS providers trying to "prefer" = information from the CENSOR, and Americans and the Canadians are fighting AGAINST that right now). this moment is not labeling torrent file transfers as evil (with the intention of reminding you of that feeling every time you transfer data on the web), but by literally trying to create a frustrated sexual population as a whole. IT SEEMS THAT FEAR PROMOTION IS THE STANDARD OF HOLLYWOOD THIS DAY, especially when it comes to thrillers, which is the most "a la carte" film genre of the last two decades, the most watched, the best way to try to influence society in general. These levels of violence are described in these 2 characteristics of the moral and "ethical" people, which gives a new meaning much needed to the "anti-hero" figures. Make no mistake, this is NOT "DEXTER", which was meant to be high quality entertainment. STOP SELLING "FEAR" please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollars that would be earned. <br /> <br /> the initial scene and, in general, the first 10 minutes really give a frightening image of an Erroll Babbage that suffers CLEARLY of sexual frustration. the way it handles the black man is very disturbing, if it is not completely racist (at least a "cliché") (in real life, probably someone gets a beating, you'll see what I mean). The second scene (with the character of Claire Danes present) is even more extreme. At that time I realized, in my opinion, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual for the people around him. How many people, who have seen or will see this movie, have never been "pressured" (with respect to BOTH sexes) outside of themselves? , COMMON gratification!?. Typically, the film gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which unfortunately happened, is and is likely to happen again at some point, somewhere) BUT it communicates with everyone else indirectly, just like "you could become that" , etc. anyone who is familiar With Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something that is judged, let alone "asses", on the part of such a fanatic "hero" here. SAFE sex in its many forms IS healthy and not evil with which apparently the character of Richard Gere is obsessed, on the way to a sexual "crusade". Have we not learned anything from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young children !? or for how long an American teenager can see extreme violence in "pg-13" but can not see a woman's breast until "R-18" appears? (However, the industry points to these VERY VERY sexual perversions as "American pie" series, for example). Raise the testers of one level but frustrate them and take them underground in the development of fetishes to unhealthy EXTREMES !? all sexual activities (after MUTUAL acceptance) integrate individuals better than some "crazy" cases, which CULPA attributes their misfortunes and deficiencies to "the lives of others" (a new German film that would work wonderfully when comparing this 2 different and the world apart characteristics on the same subject). Here, as in that movie, you will probably appreciate the actors for representing well the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent "game party", a feature in which he really shines and on a more realistic "hero" (also after the real events). But then he just reminds me that all those people are just actors who are paid to play the political and political role of someone. social agenda. "the herd" and "impossible to track" 2 heads of the same hidden beast))) just remind you, if you know someone with similar views on the subject as EVERYTHING, since Erroll Babbage has them here, you should keep them away of them to THEM for my own safety. would kill my family faster than any 0.00001 Paul Jerrod's chances in anyone's life ... <br /> <br /> In the end, I recommend this to anyone who thinks negatively here about MY "evaluation" of this particular movie ( and "impossible to trace" really), so you can probably have thoughts similar to those I had. nothing sweeter than a propaganda film that shoots on the "foot".))) for once, I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or children; simply because, in the best of cases, it would confuse them even more than the "common" belief of "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. The "scream" series and movies as such AT LEAST have a definite entertainment value (even if it is a fool in my opinion). but this is just another "trust me, I know what is good for you" deeply (not so well done I might add) subliminal messages.
