It's like that ... you put on the DVD and what looks most professional that you see in the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point, you know you just shake. <br /> <br /> In general, people trust enough to suppose that if something has been put on a DVD, it will be of a certain level, at least financially if not creatively. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distribution companies are happy to collect DVDs from amateur movies and send them directly to stores to wait for the unsuspecting buyer who is attracted by the well-designed DVD cover. The weight behind this particular project is the independent pioneer of the horror film Kevin J. Lindenmuth, whose name may be known among fans of the genre, as he is responsible for several other low-budget werewolf movies: "Rage of the Werewolf "," Werewolf Tales "and" Blood of the werewolf "consists of three short stories of independent werewolves with no real connection other than the fact that they deal with hereditary changelings. The first segment, "Meeting of blood", practically sets the tone for the whole thing ... a man returns to his hometown to look for a girl who was in love, only to discover that his dominant grandmother refuses to let her have sex with men, and for reasons that are somehow related to a dark family secret. This installment is misdirected, misdirected and, basically, not superior to what you could gather with some friends and a domestic video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is directed by Lindenmuth himself. Tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shifter and the other wants to be granted this power. Her desire is granted, but she does not become the creature she imagined. This little film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other filmmakers who worked on this project, but not yet enough to raise it above the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have "Manbeast", in which an army guy runs through the forest while being chased by two other types. They want to kill him, since he has been bitten by the beast and is believed to be dangerous, but maybe not everything is as it seems. This has an interesting concept, but it gets too long, and if you do not guess what the "turn" is in the first ten minutes, then it probably is not too bright. This pretty much sums up the problem with all this DVD ... some good ideas are simply not enough to justify spending money on something like this. After all, would you pay for an image that you could have painted yourself?
