First of all, I would like to say that I love the sketch of the "Man of the Ladies" in SNL. I always laugh out loud at the Tim Meadows performance of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature film. Seeing Leon make his show and make obscene comments to his listeners and create all kinds of segments for his show, like "The Ladies Man Presents ...", which reminds of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is absolutely hilarious. There is a great episode in which Cameron Díaz plays Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and they call it "The Oral Office". Look, that's funny! <br /> <br /> In the movie, we do not see Leon in the show too often. In fact, he is expelled from almost all radio stations in the country. And the plot revolves around his search for true love, which involves a mysterious letter that was left in his houseboat, signed by "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary in "Fresh Prince of Bel Air," works with him on the show and is in love with Leon. The film simply accumulates in a boring secondary plot after another. And the gags are also boring. The first time we see Leon mention the word "wang" is pretty funny. When he uses it again and again, supposedly trying to make people laugh, the joke has dried up. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are jokes that we heard before, and that are best done, in the SNL sketch and play tediously for one hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a musical number of Will Ferrell and his gang of haters of Ladies' Man, who want to destroy him because his wives had an affair with him, to give life to this senseless comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments, and tries to get the best out of a role that, for the rest, is not fun. Ferrell only has that unique comedic talent, and it's fun in almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore receives a cameo. Looking at her, you can not help but wonder "What the hell is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie?" His name was not mentioned in the opening credits, probably by his consent. And, of course, a movie on this subject should include the Master of Love, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but even he can not give enough life to this movie. I should also add that the soundtrack is full of smooth R & B hits, which affects the movie even more, which gives it a terribly negative tone, as if the script was not boring enough. I mean, this is "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been appropriate for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" only has sporadic laughs. There are exceptions where SNL can produce a great movie with a small sketch. Watch the two movies from "Wayne's World" and you'll see how it's done. But this movie, like the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallagher's character to the "Superstar" screen, shows the flip side. Some sketches should be remembered in SNL and not in the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
