Remember a movie that seemed to enjoy in the past and does not meet the same feelings as an adult? That occurred to me when I went back to school ... the Lampoon National Class Reunion. The movie has the perfect opportunity to laugh, but surprisingly wanders aimlessly when we see a strange collection of characters like a woman who sold her soul to the devil and can fire flames of fire from her mouth, a man who seems to be a vampire. , and a crazy killer disguised as a woman and carries sacks on his head. You have the president of the class who thinks it's the best since the bread was cut (but as we see in the film, it's a coward and a joke), a couple of marijuana smokers who do not even know they're in their own meeting of class, and a man named Gary for whom I knew you knew existed (and nobody seems to remember his name ... this is the only joke I ever enjoyed). There is a plump pervert who likes to grab women in inappropriate places, a blind, deaf woman who has a cry when she calls her dog, and the cook (you know her from "goonies" and "Throw the train mom") Who loves to put food on people's plates with their hands! The film is essentially about a maniac who is (or at least is trying to) get revenge on his companions for a gag they threw him (they fixed him to sleep with his own twin sister!). The film follows the characters as they search for the killer who canvases the shattered, dark corridors of the old high school. The psychologist told them about the killer, which in turn seems a bit strange. The movie has some good gags that work (pretty early on), but the movie slowly gets worse with every minute that passes. The real problem with the film is that it really does not know where to go. The film is practically a premise of a joke because it has an unsecured address ... if it really has any address. The cast is enthusiastic enough, but the material they do to grace does not have the quality to keep any interest. It is a curiosity for the fans of the relics of comedy of the early 80's that are forgotten (this is right).
