The second half of Steven Soderbergh's revolutionary biography of Che Guevara is about his latest campaign to export the revolution to Bolivia. In order to keep his face holy of Che Soderbergh, he jumped to the frogs the mass executions he presided over after the revolution in Cuba and the madness of his adventure in the Congo ("This is the story of a failure", he writes in the preface to his Diario del Congo.) concentrate completely on Che's attempt to gather support to rise up against the government in Bolivia. It would be a disaster and the final act of Guevara. <br /> <br /> What tormented the first chapter follows his example here when Soderbergh reduces the speed of his film to study the beatific face of the contemplative Guevara, once again played. as James Dean in East of Eden by Bernicio Del Toro. The problem is that Guevara has little success in obtaining converts and soon finds himself and his hungry companions being swallowed in the heart of the darkness of the Bolivian Jungle. Unlike Werner Herzog in the magnificent Aguirre, the Wrath of God Soderbergh does not use the metaphorical possibilities of the jungle to increase the desperation of the guerrillas. He seems more concerned to keep Che's nimbus above his head than to explore the panic in which the dead end. There is a moment in Herzogian in which Che sits astride a stubborn horse that kicks and screams to set it in motion, but in general the staging of Soderbergh is still flat, careless and uninteresting. <br /> <br /> In his two films, Soderbergh shows that he is clearly a member of the group and that is why his approach is still myopic and narrow. He spends too much time building his monument to Che and very little to develop his relationships with key players in his saga, especially Fidel Castro. To make things worse, he does it with a slow and dispassionate focus that never catches fire. One might think that he was full enough of Eisenstein and Vertov to realize that the radical change is much better with a sweeping style.
