I went to see this movie with the most positive expectations. I had seen Jacquet's previous film (march of the penguins) and had heard a very positive critique of it on the radio. However, I was very disappointed. More than anything, this movie is terribly boring. Literally NOTHING happens. I tried to describe the content of the film to a friend, and we both ended up laughing because I could only stutter things like "well, then comes winter and then spring, and then there's an eagle and a river, and once it's dark, and the girl enters a cave, and again the fox has babies "and so on. After about half an hour I started to sigh, yawn, roll my eyes, cursing the critic on the radio station and hoping it would be over soon. But the movie went on and on. When it was finally over, I had sunk so deeply into my chair that I should have looked similar to Stephen Hawking. The most annoying parts of the film are (a) The girl, who is obviously there to give the children someone to identify with. Wear the same clothes throughout the film (one year) and show exactly two facial expressions: joy and seriousness. She is beautiful, there is no doubt about that. However, a film about the beauty of nature like this would have been better without its too human presence. I found myself constantly waiting for a bear to eat it, to drown in the river or something equally terrible. (b) The comment of the girl's adult voice, which tells us nothing but insignificant, obvious, boring, redundant things. (c) Music, which desperately lacks subtlety. When the girl is happily jumping, the music also jumps. When the fox is threatened by an eagle, the music also becomes threatening. It reminded me of the first days of film making and it was too predictable to enjoy. It is true that many of the children who watched the movie with me liked it, at least they got involved in some way. Therefore, my warning only concerns adults: if you are over ten years old, avoid this movie. You can sleep better (and cheaper) in most other places.
