I used to review videos for the legendary newsletter "We Are The Weird" by Joe Bob Briggs. I saw many stinkers, but this was the worst, and the years have not been kind, it is still the most indecent crime against the cinema that I have witnessed. Do not get me wrong: CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY FROM HARLEM or something like that. What solidifies his claim as the worst movie of all time for me is his unique combination of skill with a paralyzing pretense. Is it a comment from Vietnam? An ecological protest? An incitement to racial unrest? A study of the inhumanity of man to man? A novel exercise in the filling of images of nature to (almost) show the length? In short: a young urban professional (possibly the most unpleasant screen character of all time) somehow seduces a nubile Asian-American partner to camp in the woods with him. After beating her with almost philosophical applause for almost an hour, they meet two errant veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a just brother) and the Troubadour (rejection of the Manson family who plays the guitar). Hey, a twist of the plot! Tension! Action! Suspense! Well, no, it's just a climactic scene of locking in an improvised, chicken coop and chicken coop. The victim in question looks indifferently at the captors and mutters: "No ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis addresses the Troubadour as "Trouby" once every two minutes, Remembering nothing so much as the extraterrestrial star of the POD people of Juan Picquer. That's all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a synopsis maybe makes it almost tolerable. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has been, for the last eight years from the first time I saw her, the worst. (I put it in the old video recorder once every two years to reassure myself and make sure that I do). I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so particularly odious is this: very little happens, and although little happens very badly and very slowly, what really makes it compulsively unassailable is the suffocating feeling that the filmmakers REALLY, REALLY WANT Push some kind of message in your throat. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was thought of as a civics education lesson becomes an intensive course in the discomfort of intense visualization. This movie lasts 75 minutes and it feels like three and a half hours. It is terrible, truly truly terrible. Friends, trust me, I saw GHOSTS THAT STILL WALK and this is worse. Go see it! You thank me And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: (In CAGED TERROR but maybe NEVER) "Yeah, well, you probably think that the Song of Solomon was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a concerted tone of agreement.)
