Please, do me the favor if you want, for a minute while I read the back of the ALLEY CAT VHS box. It says that: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city, every street is a dead end, in every corner there is something to buy, in every alley, another way to die, to survive you have to be the best - Like Alley Cat. Alley Cat - this lady owns the night. On the streets where even predators become victims, she knows how to survive. Cross it and you have run out of luck. Alley Cat: this animal is excited. <br /> <br /> Is not that one of the most pathetic bubbles you've heard in your life? Whoever wrote that must be crazy if he thought that such a horrible description could tempt us to watch the video. However, unfortunately, any faceless person was responsible for that tragic use of English, he was doing his job very well ... the film contained in the small plastic box is as bad as it seems, and something else. <br /> <br /> Karin Mani plays the lead role, and the script basically tells her that during each given scene a) Pout like a gold fish b) Kick the male butt or c) Show her female "attributes". I have no complaints about the latter, but in terms of the other two ... let's say that she is not a great actress, and is even less convincing as an expert in martial arts. But even Meryl Streep with the body of Cynthia Rothrock (what a terrifying idea) could not save this movie. The development of the plot is boring, beyond the credible, since we have a sequence of struggle ineptly directed after enough, stopping only in the hysterical shenanigans and in the love scene caused by the gag with the interesting name of Robert Torti. The camera work also follows a path of similar embarrassment, with too many unnecessary close-ups and errors of continuity abound. <br /> <br /> The part that I think really sums up this scum from a movie is where our heroine is sexually assaulted, and she's testifying in front of a corrupt judge while her rapist of rich kids watches her from the box. Not only does she escape from him despite the overwhelming evidence against her, but she is herself imprisoned for daring to protest the verdict in front of her Lordship. Behind the bars, she has a group shower, a lesbian lover, a couple of cat fights and a nice, sweaty volleyball game before being released on bail to continue her battle. This ten minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, and the script stops to encompass it. I can only imagine that the producers wanted to add a little more T & A to the mix, and I came up with this unnecessary secondary plot as a means to that end. <br /> <br /> What kind of question is the question? Is this an exploitation film, or a serious drama? Nor is it my response to that ... it is not of bad quality or enough to attract movie fans to the Troma style, and it certainly is not considered an exploration of a woman's struggle against the system .. simply because it is done in such a frightening way. Then, who on earth would want to see it? Crazy, I suppose ... or IMDb reviewers who stay awake until 3 pm and watch any old junk in the box while they try to sleep. Unfortunately, this time I failed, and the horrors will stay with me for quite some time. Do not make the same mistake as me. Take a hot milk, or something ... 1/10
