I see a few positive reviews in this forum, trying to revive this film from its mediocre state and starting a cult following. I see the usual comments: "I guess this movie is not for those who are easily offended," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? Neither was "Road Trip"! And I started laughing throughout that movie! There is a way to make a raw comedy, without flavor and to deliver laughter; and there's a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "Swingers" without wit or intelligence. It seems to have been written through the puerile eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this movie are supposed to be white-necked, straight-up citizens, and they talk like some of the idiots I met in their first year of high school! The dialogue is linked, more as if drowned, with four-letter words. You would think that the people of your state would have ANY degree of intelligence and a more extensive vocabulary. Just watch a movie by Whit Stillman and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and frankly caricatured. If you know of a successful white-collar entrepreneur who speaks like the characters in this movie, let me know and introduce me. Their annoying sexual jokes are equivalent to those of the standard chats among adolescents who have just reached puberty. There is absolutely no vision in relationships, sex or ... nothing !!! It's just a bad excuse to show a great variety of things extremely, and do not take the word "extremely" for granted, because I say it with all my heart: raw ridicule. These are gags without substance. Gags that are more for moans than laughter. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was not called and was not convincing. There are some movies that involve the interaction between women that were written by men (heterosexual) and develop wonderfully. This scene involves a barrage of metaphors and sexual gestures. It involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those scenes notably written by a boy. I did not believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is purely a sick male fantasy that is as flat as annoying. I got (very) few laughs from this completely forgettable comedy, and those were probably the result of desperation. When you do not laugh for a long period of time, you desperately search for humor in the most trivial things. So I would not mark it as positive.
