Being a music student, I thought it would be fun to watch a movie at a conservatory. I did not know ... (I had no idea that this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears). This movie was not plausible at all. It is obvious that whoever wrote the script never stepped on a conservatory and does not know anything about classical music. Let me give you some examples: 1) THERE IS NO WAY that anyone is admitted to a classical conservatory without any classical training! Having a good pop voice is not enough, besides, that's something totally different, another genre, a different technique. It's like playing the violin when you request a viola class. 2) How is it that the lady who taught music theory was on the singing jury? If she were not a singing teacher herself, she would have nothing to say in a situation like that, and if she were a singing teacher, why did not they tell us? 3) Being able to read music is a must if you specialize in music. 4) How did Angela get that videotape? That would have been confidential, only for the eyes of the jury. Now, either he got the tape from one of the professors or the screenwriters they simply had no idea. I wonder which ... 5) The singing teacher gave Holly Carmen's song saying "I had the range", which clearly NO. Yes, she was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be much clearer in the timbre, which was not compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: the film not only shows a surprising ignorance when it comes to classical music, it does not even try to hide it. The aria that Angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact that is painfully flagrant in the recital, where it is cut in a shameful way: Mozart would roll in his grave. Carmen's Habanera also sounded a little weird at times, and the way it was rearranged only shows how little the producers really think of classical music: it's stiff and boring, but it adds some electric guitars and batteries and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are all minor details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little research. Anyway, I could have chosen to suspend my disbelief if the characters and the plot were well elaborated. But without that, I really can not find any redeeming qualities in this movie, except one: it's good to laugh.
