I was thrilled when I knew that they were finally turning this horrible event into a movie. The whole era (1980 of Southern California) and the subject (drug industry and pornography) intrigue me. I thought this would be a surefire hit. I was not enthusiastic about choosing Kilmer as Holmes, since they do not resemble physical appearance or mannerisms. I suppose he sells tickets? However, I was willing to overlook this and give it a fair chance. I was a bit surprised that they were just like four other people in the whole theater with me on the first day of screening. Now it's hard to do all the crime and the story in the movie, I admit it. There were no witnesses to this violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and he was worried about what would happen to his family (and to himself) if he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime was not resolved. So this was really a great mystery, a mystery in which this film does nothing to clarify. The person who writes the script has a lot of discretion and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real story, it is a fragmented trap. The script is light and the actors try to reinforce the thin lines of paper by overacting. The movie does not give an idea of ​​Holmes or the other people involved. The character of Kilmer disappears for long periods, his girlfriend is bored, the police are jokes. Even Kudrow strives to make a flimsy paper look substantial. It's a very shallow piece and I daresay, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is good, unless you know something about what a piece of junk really was, John Holmes. Maybe a couple of presentations of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" could have helped here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all aspects. This movie, on the other hand, was flat and without any charm or real style. Even the music is out of place, with Duran Duran in a scene that was supposed to take place in 1980. So we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a great movie based on this awful event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen a decent one yet (unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights).
