Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a new version of his original movie Ju-On The Grudge. While I have not seen that movie, I would have to bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some originality, in other words, skill with the known tropes of the Japanese ghost movie) than in its own directed version. Maybe the script was written to somehow have some kind of crooked resource, or guess accessibility, for a US audience. What begins with some potential, the suggestion that something is very wrong with the sudden movement of Bill Pullman, becomes a total confusion. And like a horror movie? Give me a break. <br /> <br /> Tension may have increased due to the situation: a nurse is going to take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is haunted, but he undermines everything he wants to make his audience feel. Scary? How about a synchronized music just so you know when to expect something exactly? A black cat? Yes, why not make the phantom child's thing sound like a cat, so scary that, in effect, it's just creepy if you want cats? Plot? Why not only shuffle past and present without seeming a real flow of how a story could be told (that is, while flashbacks are inserted and are meant to be organic with the story in general, they are not) , or for that? It matters that we care about ANYONE in the deal. <br /> <br /> When the characters, or those who are there for the exhibition, tell us what is happening or whatever, there is not much sense. The making of the film is of poor quality (ie, the 180 degree rule is broken many times and not in a forgivable or intriguing way), and the performances are made of wood even when they look scared or shocked (especially Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, who appears) Later, after his first scene, he is terribly grumpy). Even when Shimizu tries for a bit of fear "Boo" average, like when the woman is in the office building and pursued by the ghost of Grudge, it is still silly. Just watch when she goes in that elevator and the ghost is in the background of shots. Or you will go with that, and if so, more power for you, or you will laugh hysterically at the results. Tell me about the latter. <br /> <br /> I'm not entirely sure where this project went wrong, was Shimizu having to renew it for studies or did he not give him enough room to maneuver with the renewal of his vision? Or maybe Raimi had something to say and made things more confusing and / or boring than they would be with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense or, at least, gives us some terror to chew. It's cineplex the trash of a sad order.
