The spectators overflowing with everything, including the title sequence (now THAT is funny) would make us believe that this is a kind of cinematic miracle, but, believe me, this is one of the most shamefully bad movies you can see, and if you do I'm not laughing at that in five minutes, I'd say you've lost your sense of humor. <br /> <br /> David Niven plays a RAF pilot condemned and tormented by the brave who, somehow, believes it is appropriate to involve an impressionable Air Traffic Controller (female) in an emotional conversation about the love, just when he submerges in his sure and fierce death. (Is not it romantic ...?) Of course, he has got rid of a metaphysical possibility, and he is washed on the beach, just when this same air traffic controller goes on his bicycle. (They are strengthened immediately). <br /> <br /> Looking beyond the strange homoerotic subtexts, (so at the top, you really need to refer to them as supertexts, from a naked child sitting naked in the sand). The subject of the twilight scene of the movie in his little flute, to a heavenly messenger so he camped / reigns-and his makeup is aimed more thoroughly than that of the ladies), the strangest aspects of the film are how it weaves So bad caricatures. of national and racial stereotypes in a complicated attempt to argue some kind of point about the universal nature and power of love. We got it: the flying guys, like the girls with skirts and heels, and the girls, like them, come back, and, apparently, all you have to do is cry a little so that your movie gets 10 stars in IMDb. . <br /> <br /> As for the quality of the production, the continuity / edition is poor enough to induce shrinkage, and the lighting is, perhaps, even worse than that, but it barely has time to realize because the script is so bad There are games played with Technicolor (anything that passes through the sky is black and white if you can understand the meaning), and foreshadowing, (it is very funny that my audience partner, who is usually they like movies like this, he really was happy and laughed). the doctor's motorcycle finally ended in a fiery accident), and she was paralyzed (which is the funniest thing of all, because the female protagonist is so poor at standing that you know that the hands on the stage were laughing at the camera) . <br /> <br /> The best shots are the first on the beach, but after that, everything is downhill. The ladder (which moves as an escalator moves) is not Odessa's ladder, to say the least, and I really warn anyone who has the feeling that he would have to see this stupid little attempt to make films on his own. . The film in general is bad enough to be funny, and that's the best I can say.
