Well, what are the odds! At the exact moment that a few amateur scientists discovered cave paintings that indicate that some kind of dinosaur monster may have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a fiery meteor crashes into the lake and incubates a monster egg that has been there. ?? For over a thousand years, I suppose! "The crater lake monster" is a movie that literally must be seen to be believed, but it is better that you do it in the company of many friends and a stack of ganja to make the healthy one a little easier to digest. Yes, this is a terrible movie with the best screen game imaginable and numerous irrelevant and irrelevant interludes that are downright embarrassing, but they are also irresistibly charming and so awkwardly organized that you just have to cherish them. Half of the movie? at least ?? It focuses on the crazy adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local yokels own and run a boat rental shop near the lake, but they spend most of their days picking their noses and discussing fascinating things like spelling the word "bait." It is mainly during the prototypical situations of Laurel and Hardy that new puddles of blood or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic but not exactly sharpened Sheriff is in the case, but only if he is not too busy chasing big city thugs traveling the area. In the middle of the movie, suddenly there is an abrupt scene about a thug who steals a liquor store and kills two people in the process. The time of this textbook "WTF" seems to take the other side of the country, like in New York City or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events that occur in Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later, the thief appears again in Hicksville and there is an "exciting" chase through the forest, which ends in the hungry Dino snout. The absurd little details in "The Crater Lake Monster" are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only creature characteristic in which players discover the obligatory gigantic footprint AFTER they have already seen the real monster. Errors in continuity should be legendary as far as I'm concerned. It is as if everyone had forgotten to pay attention to him. Does night become twilight in day and again in twilight? All during the same day course! The monster is, without a doubt, the best aspect of the film, especially because it is achieved through good old-fashioned stop-motion effects. The beautiful creature is a Plesiosaurus; that is, an aquatic dinosaur that looks like a cross between Denver, the last dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable cinematic experience that I can only recommend to locate it. The miserable rating of 1 out of 10 is out of principle (and because, basically, this is a very bad movie) it should be put into perspective, since it could have given 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
