Well, maybe I'm just having a rough patch with Hindi movies lately. I asked the guy from the Apharan video store (Prakash Jha), but being a new release, he was not available yet. So I had to settle for this. It turned out to be the stupidest Hindi movie I've seen (and I've seen enough). No wonder BOllywood is the laughing stock of everyone! If IMDb had negative ratings, it would give Garam Masala a -10. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing a television program about the jazz premiere they had for its launch in Mumbai. All the usual celebrities and their friends showed up. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I did not like Hulchul, Hungama, or his other films. Hulchul, probably nicknamed Tamil or Telugu, came across a very loud meal that, again, did not make much sense except in a Bollywood movie. This last piece of CXXP showed that this guy DOES NOT HAVE BRAINS. Who made it a director, even a Bollywood director in that? <br /> <br /> Anyway, to the movie now. What starts as a romantic getaway becomes a search for meaningless women. Two fashion photographers who work for a magazine share an apartment (is not it similar to No Entry where the two guys work for a gossip magazine and share an office? Jezuz Christ, they are now copying their own stories!) Well, from Anyway, there is a chef or cook who tries to help one of the dodos in his search for multilateral love (also known as multitasking + multi-timer). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I turned off halfway. What a ridiculous scrap. I can not believe they even launched it. And what a sadist to wallow in his own filth! For what audience did they achieve it: the poor illiterate Indian masses (700 thousand at the last count) or the wealthy NRI desis who stay in Phoren? Either way it does not matter. None of the groups have any idea what makes a good movie and probably deserves such terrible things as God. <br /> <br /> It's a brief review because there's nothing to write about, except the usual grade F garbage bag. Bollywood should change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the movie itself.
