I never understood why some people dislike Bollywood films: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers and augmented emotion. What do I not like? What I did not realize was that I had only seen the top of Bollywood. Then I saw "Garam Masala." I realized from the first scene that this was not a movie that I was going to like (the film starts with a montage of the two drivers driving through a city and apparently happening fortuitously in a series of photo configurations populated with rotating models ), but I kept waiting for things to get better. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac and Sam, are completely unfriendly. They spend the whole movie lying to women, and brutally lying, to take them to bed, and the audience is supposed to find this fun and enchanted. Children are unscrupulous and inept, and not in a kind way. Mac even goes so far as to drug one of the women to prevent her from discovering his traps. The script is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, configurations that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements of the characters. In fact, the characters are never really developed. The males are imbeciles and greedy, and the women are simply interchangeable and beautiful. If you go through this movie, you would think that the "hostesses" are quite easy to transmit from man to man. Actually, betrayal is not that funny. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the film were a dance number that had brilliant scenes, and some slapsticky moments related to aspects of the history of the French farce. But the Bollywood dance is best enjoyed in the films choreographed by Farah Khan, and for the slapstick you could also go directly to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have influenced the writer / director Priyadarshan, not a little. Priyadarshan also takes false credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 work "Boeing Boeing." The original author of that work, Marc Camoletti, is not accredited anywhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title of this remake, instead of blatantly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of this same story. (According to the list of credits of IMDb).
