Based on the average story written by the horror writer Stephen King about the so-called immortal and immortal creatures of the "sleepwalkers" who suck the lives of the virgins so that this energy can sustain them. They have supernatural abilities. "This means that they become invisible and can create subliminal illusions to deceive people, they have been fleeing from humans for a century, they tell us, and one by one they have been eliminated until there are only two left. A beautiful mother and her son They arrive at a sleepy village, they are the last of the sleepwalkers and they are on the lookout for the virgins to feed themselves The mother sends her son to enroll in the local secondary school so that she can find a virgin, He does it (Madchen Amick) and proceeds to try to keep her alone so that he can suck her in. It is not clear why the mother can not look for the virgins by herself, it would make things easier than one could imagine, since teenagers are much more likely to follow a beautiful older woman to an isolated area than a teenage girl to a teenage girl, however, her plans are frustrated when the girl defends herself, nailing herself to him. apex in the ear, the police are called and the hunt is underway! The son is sick from his injuries and the mother is enraged to kill the police from left to right in his search for the girl who wounded his son and spit out some tracers in the midst of blood. Finally the girl kills the mother-end of the movie. This movie is garbage! The acting is variable, from the average of Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are average, and show some of the first computer effects, which is slightly interesting, since it shows to what extent such things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is confusing and the film falls to the camp in places. The director seems not to be sure if we are supposed to fear or sympathize with sleepwalkers and if in doubt allow the movie to go hysterical. Stephen King makes a slightly amusing cameo like an annoying gardener, like Mark Hamill, like a baffled cop. Alice Krige seems to take on the film, give depth to her character and give an indication of what the movie could have been with a better script and a better direction.
