So in the network of Chills on the wire they're having the "Vampire Month", I'm an idiot, but I love vampires. So after a few mistakes they showed me they were quite disappointed, but then I realized that Stephen King was writing Sleepwalkers. So I decided to go ahead and check it out, to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most of Stephen King's films are entertaining and some are very scary. While sleepwalkers were bad, it was a beautiful kind of evil. I had a lot of fun laughing at this movie and just taking it for what it was. I've never read Sleepwalkers, from what I understand, this is King's only real vampire story, so I can not compare book with film. I do not know if it was just my television, but the sleepwalkers seemed to be made for television. The special effects were cheesy and the story was a little exaggerated, even if it is a fantasy, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the life force of virgin women. They are considerably more resistant than humans and have powers of both telekinesis and illusion. Their only weakness is cats, who are not only able to see through their illusions but also their claws capable of inflicting serious or fatal injuries. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary have taken up residence in a small town in Indiana. Charles attends the local high school and there he meets Tanya Robertson in her creative writing class. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles loves her so much; to take the strength of his life for his mother, who is dying of hunger. At first, it seems that Charles has fallen in love with Tanya. On his first date, however, at a picnic in the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain Tanya's life force while he kisses her. As it happens, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to stop Charles for speeding, drives through the cemetery and notices Charles's car. When Tanya runs to him for help, Charles follows Andy and kills him. When Charles turns to resume his life, exhausting his forces with Tanya, the officer's cat, Clovis, approaches the occasion and almost kills Charles by scratching him in the face and chest. Wounded to death by Clovis, Charles staggers back home with Mary. Then, Mary seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So to summarize this movie you should basically expect the cheese to overflow. The scene in which Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win only because Tanya is one of the dumbest characters in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene in which Mary has a gun and shoots her in a police car and, somehow, everything explodes, God bless the explosions and exaggerations of Hollywood. I'm taking the movie for what it is, it's so deliciously bad that it becomes a dark comedy for me that I could enjoy making fun of. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he has his typical cameo in the movie. So my suggestion if you see this movie, just take it for what it is and do not think too much, it's a mindless entertainment with cheesy effects, bad cast, a silly story and enough cats for the crazy Simpson cat to say "Wow , that's a lot of cats. " <br /> <br /> 4/10
