Let me start this review by saying this: I love vampire movies. They can suck (it's a play on words), and even then I'll love them because vampires are great in movies. Van Helsing, considered by many to be a pile of smoking garbage, was pleasing to me because of the fact that there were vampires. You can ask: "What does that have to do with this movie?" The answer is that I intend to inform you of how horrible this movie is, that even an imbecile (harharhar) for vampire movies like me can despise a movie like this. <br /> <br /> Movie stars Van Helsing, a university professor who is not entirely convincing. He is a terrible actor, like everyone else in this film, and he wrote it, to add salt to the wound. Honestly, I do not want to offend you, and I'm sure everyone enjoyed making this movie, but seeing it was really painful. I'm not sure why I saw everything; Maybe it was a morbid fascination, like seeing an imminent train crash: it's horrible, but you can not force yourself to look the other way. Its main fault is that it is so boring, and its plot is so ridiculous, even for a science fiction horror movie. <br /> <br /> But, I'm rambling. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with his mother. Of course, he does not know what she is at that moment; he just thinks he's one of his students (which is still illegal and all, but not so disgusting and creepy). <br /> <br /> If it were Van Helsing, at least he would get an Oedipus when he discovered it. I had done something so disgusting. I would have done something entertaining if I had only made a comment about it, but no. The point is not even mentioned at all by any of the characters. It's as if the writer did not even think about it. At least I would have made another character laugh and say "Hahaha, you had sex with your mother", which would be a bit funny (although blatantly immature). I'm probably running out of space, so a few more words to dissuade you from watching this movie: there's a vampire ninja fight with an old man. It would be fun, but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously. It's not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. Stay far, far away from it if you value your time at all. <br /> <br /> I'll say one positive thing about the movie: the guy who plays Van Helsing is pretty good with that knife of his. There's like a segment of a minute in which he swings around his knife and does some pretty clever tricks. It would be boring in any other movie, but here, unfortunately, it was the highlight.
