I have to agree with some of the other comments and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing about this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar, our central character, makes the decision to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but on the way you can be a wise ex-jailbird. At the same time, her friend Hortense is trying to get her lawyer boyfriend to finally marry her. She is also sleeping with Marlon who is desperately in love with her. Then there's Delmar's brother, Jethro, who gets involved with a former cocaine addict, Missy, who reveals that his adoptive father sexually abused her. On the sidelines we also have the eccentric who has a variety of equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the movie. So far so good, but after presenting these characters and story lines about life, death, pain and love in the first half, the film simply loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer only selected one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, maybe things would have been fine, but everyone is given the same screen time, with the result that none Story or character is fully developed. For example, why does Delmar think that he will be able to give his son in exchange for money, especially when the future parents are an intolerant lawyer and his wife is semi-alcoholic and depressed? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is an imbecile and clearly does not love her? How is it that Missy manages to quit her cocaine habit at night? Jethro is regularly attracted to women with overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Has Delmar and Jethro's mother always been on the eccentric side, or is it a more recent development? Why is Jethro so interested in Cadillacs that he has one in the center of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar finish giving birth to Moses' baby when there is no suggestion that they ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are raised in the script, but unfortunately they are never answered. I can only assume that they were answered in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include everything in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several subplots, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the film in general, would have reinforced things considerably and would have allowed more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses, which are clearly more fundamentals for the plot and underlying issues that any other person. . <br /> <br /> Add to that the most pedestrian address style seen outside the average soap opera and the result is a great missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who does everything possible to rise above the material. I am not surprised that it seems to have been the director's last film, since this effort does not show evidence of a visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
