This movie does not rock, as others have said. I found it really boring and silly. The story is about this metal high school kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making a final album that will be played on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which would actually do on November 1, a much less powerful date, no doubt). The child receives a copy of the record and contains hidden secret back-play messages. It is also the key that opens the door for the really bad metal singer to return to wreak havoc and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror movie at all, but rather a special one for after school. We see the metal child (the stranger) tormented again and again by popular children. And he does not learn the most important lesson of high school movies: when the cool kids who intimidate you suddenly invite you to a party, YOU DO NOT GO! It's a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Is anyone surprised when it ends up in the water? It was so special after school that I kept waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show up and teach Jody Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> So let's go back to the horror part of the movie. So this metal guy gets some powers and, instead of using them to kill the bullies (which would have made much more sense), he gets scared and tries to protect all the abusive boys and girls. What? A sensitive hero? How funny is that in a horror movie? Thank God, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. Actually, try to PREVENT the music from playing in the Halloween Dance, the same music that could unleash a power to kill all the children who had been bad with it. If it were me, I would have put that music, and soon. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal guy who goes around town trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not associate with it and REALLY do some damage? Why do you ask? He seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and does not want to be hurt ... more appropriate for a Molly Ringwald movie. Is this a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film goes on and on at this point, without fear, horror or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late '80s as I did, this movie is fun to have a little flashback of fashion and big hair, but that's it for this movie. Skip and stay at home and just hear something from KISS.
