Antonioni, in making this film, had assumed the role of Papa Smurf for all the small and radical, American and radical student Smurfs. He had taken them under the protective guidance of his European communist wings, showing appreciation and support for his confused American ways. (These Smurfs are red and they wear blue, not the other way around.) The radical Smurfs were happy to receive the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly feeds on the God of all the long-haired Smurfs, Lenin, the communist another wise old man whose beard made the Smurfs take it even more seriously, because it symbolized something wise, although they did not know very well why they considered that the beard had this kind of profound effect on them. Castro, another wise bearded man, has often benefited from this confusion and exuded magical powers with his beard over his naive admirers abroad. (Not to mention Che Guevara: does that beard have a certain degree of insecurity, does one want to immediately embrace Marx and his charming pacifist teachings?) The film begins with a confusing meeting of radically stupid. radical students, who participate in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". As confused as a blind dog falling from a high-story building in a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the "hero" of the movie (well, Antonioni's hero) gets up and says something to his pathetic left-wing comrades and then leaves, hoping that this display of "mega-coldness" will improve his image of James Dean and greatly increase your chances. to sleep with the best "girls" in the next hippie orgy. Finally, he gets into trouble with the cops (that is, the pigs) at a rally, and he passes the movie under the American capitalist blue sky, looking for freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually empty, but it has (or had) nothing new to offer; They are the same old one-dimensional happy policemen with the trigger, businessmen discussing business (and what's wrong with that, is not that how Antonioni's movies are made?), and endless television and billboard advertising shots that They publicize the truth so morally Decadent products for the aberrant, selfish and greedy people of the right who do not think of anyone but themselves, their families, their work and their children. <br /> <br /> Papa Smurf Antonioni, like his The Smurfs and Smurfs of the late 60s did not notice the most obvious and vital aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to have fun meetings and express their opinions against the establishment freely within that establishment, while students from those countries whose leftist systems admired, did not (and still do not). By far, the biggest irony about hippies - and Antonioni, naturally, did not realize this either (his judgment was marred by cocaine use and an excessive intake of LSD) is that the hippies were (are) the residue of garbage of capitalism. This is an incredible irony. Only in a capitalist system that works successfully can you find that species called "hippie"; A spoiled, ungrateful and selfish group of losers of middle and upper middle class. <br /> <br /> The film itself seems to last forever. Antonioni takes his sweet moment to move on, while including too long scenes of uselessness, with a high opacity factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and trite. His statements are highly dubious, at best. This movie is the way Antonioni says that violent revolution is the solution. And this is what we get from an old saturated, dirty and fat filmmaker who lives in villas and dinners in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I do not remember seeing any important restaurant. Western movie about the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when a Western student is shot to shake Che Guevara's face on all our faces, we received ten important films about it. I suppose this means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a Western life. at least to the left hypocrites who infest movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a neo-hippy Marxist and do not like this horrible criticism, click "NO" below.
