This film is definitely a product of its time and seen in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid movie. Heck, even seen in its proper context, is pretty bad! In its majority, this is due to an absurd plot and a very indulgent direction of the famous Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to merge a very artistic style film with a hippie anti-establishment film and only managed to produce a bomb of gigantic proportions. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session in which many "with that" students sit down to say common things like "power for people" and complain about "man". Considering that most of these hippies have parents who send them to college, it seemed a bit silly that these privileged children complained so loudly and shouted revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between the students and the "pigs of the establishment" is unleashed and a policeman is killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not have done so, but he is forced to flee to avoid being prosecuted. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only a total imbecile would do: he steals a plane and takes it to the Mojave desert! There, he meets a passing girl and then they sit and philosophize for hours. Then, they have sex in one of the strangest sex scenes in the history of cinema. While they spin in the dust, suddenly other couples appear out of nowhere and there is a big orgy scene. While you see a little mask (which guarantees an R rating), it's not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and seems so choreographed that it simply stuns the mind. And, of course, when they finish, the many, many other couples vanish in the air. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, then the couple paints the plane with some help and it looks a lot like a Peter Max creation. Despite improving the appearance of the plane, the evil policemen respond to his return from the plane by shooting the good revolutionary. When the girl learns, she enters a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her, apparently imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil they represent (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see the same huge house explode about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see televisions, refrigerators and other things that explode in slow motion. Even though it's silly, it's pretty cool to watch, like when David Letterman blows things up or breaks things on his show. <br /> <br /> Aside from a silly plot, the film has a strong need for a single nice character, as well as the extensive editing. At least 15 minutes could be easily removed to speed things up a bit, especially because there really is not too much plot or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly silly movie and I was not surprised to see it in Harry Medved's book "The fifty worst movies". It is a well-deserved addition to this garbage pantheon. For a director so famous to spend so much money to produce such a lean movie is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two concluding observations. If you like to laugh at silly hippie movies, also try to watch THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK. In addition, in a case of art that imitates life, the protagonist, Mark Frechette, represented his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison a few years after participating in an act of "revolution" in which he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
