The prequel sequel extends largely to credibility as diabolical sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time infiltrating the film production of the novel he wrote for the drownings of the garden, assuming the identity of a director of the second unit he murdered. <br /> <br /> a joyous Hollywood hobby appears, with a joking script that takes pictures of tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses (... looking for a path on the stairs) and do not like anyone challenging them to that they are a center of complete attention. Brian Krause, who I thought was terrible, exaggerating to the point where the satire felt incredibly strained, portrays the noisy and temperamental director who does not like the fact that his director and screenwriter of the second unit, Alison (.. interpreted by Dahlia Salem) It seems that they are seizing production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, brother of a victim of the first film. The dark humor of the film this time takes the idea of ​​a serial killer who really operates as a director of a set of movies and exploits it for all it's worth. Nelson again skilfully slides into his psycho role without any difficulty, with Stanley as clever as ever, using his brain to command a film production, killing whoever is needed to maintain total control of his work, without allowing anyone to stand on So it is ... until Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing and what led a man like that down this dark path? Alison's humor that really works with that same man is also part of the satire at the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable confrontation between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous and incredible conclusion regarding the killer's fate (... a pretty hard pill to swallow). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with a sophisticated polish, the director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not necessary (as, for example, filming all kinds of strange angles, slow motion in sepia and several examples that they are captured on video) and rather annoy rather than impress. This sequel, for me, was not as focused as the original, with much less effective and more obvious humor.
