Do you need a lesson in pure abject failure? Look no further than "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom," an abysmal and poor shame of a movie. As we all know, decent moovies tend to sprout horrible, horrible offspring: "Halloween" spawned many, many bad slasher movies of the 80s; "Mad Max" spawned many, many bad films of the "futuristic fantasy of a wasteland" of the 80s; and "Conan the Barbarian" spawned a lot of ghastly and awful 80s sword and spell movies. "The Magicians of the Lost Kingdom" scrape the bottom of that 80s barrel, in a way that is truly insulting to the barrels. A young fighter named Simon recovered his "good kingdom" from an evil sorcerer with the help of an elegant rug, a garden gnome, a topless bimbo mermaid, and a chubby Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-standing b-moovie muscleman, can barely swing his foil sword. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, which consist of the wicked sorcerer "Shurka" and his army of monsters, giants and disguised dwarfs. At one point, a papier-mache bat on a rope attacks, but is devoured by a puppet of 1/2 hidden sock, pitifully presented as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be described courteously as fragments of scenes collected from the floor of the cutting room of the udder moovies, united in the vain hope of preparing the scene for the film, and narrated in a very it would be for a guy who never shows up again. The words can not adequately convey the barbarity of this movie; the producers probably passed Moore Moolah feeding the ever-growing Svenson Gorge that in the corny fx of this movie. And here we are talking, Brie, friends ...: = The Director of 8P, Héctor Olivera ("Reina Bárbara") presents this mixture in a confused, confused and cliché way, which destroys any possible indication of a clear and linear narration. . The performance is terrible, production levels below the chain of shoes, and the plot is a tired cliché after another paraded before our tired eyes. That they actually made a sequel (!!!) spins MooCow's brain. Moosic with James Horner's cheese ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") from "Battle Beyond the Stars" was raised, shouted and kicked, and grafted mercilessly on this turkey - I bet it does not appear on its resume . Friends, you have to see this to believe it. The MooCow says it's a cheap rent when there's NOTHING else to see, well, it's more fun than watching the dust bunnies mate. Barely. : = 8P
