What we have here is an absolutely brilliant piece of the incompetence of the early '80s that will make even the greatest connoisseur of garbage cinema completely speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy Fantasy / Sword and Sorcery adventure that does not have a real plot but that takes elements from other movies with enthusiasm and without shame. The writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched enough similar films to know that they needed a handful of essential characters, but probably thought that everything else would follow automatically. To make a fantasy adventure you need: a super evil villain (preferably with a black cape), a young hero in training, a lone warrior, a kind kind of furry pet, a wise dwarf who lives in the forest (optional) and all a colorful collection of frightful demons, enslaved dwarves and winged gargoyles to serve as a filler. The story is phenomenal and very original, since Simon, the young son of a magician, had to flee from his beloved kingdom after the evil wizard Shurka took over the power and killed the king. Simon wants to go back and save people, but therefore he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon befriends the lone warrior Kor (the normally great guy Bo Svenson who clearly needed the paycheck), who assists Simon during the long and devastating journey full of trials, dangerous encounters and magical clashes. It is true that so far it does not sound so bad, but that is simply because I excluded all the deliciously inept little details. Simon has a best friend called Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and evokes uncontrollable giggles every time he opens his poodle snout to scream something incomprehensible. The obstacles during the trip back home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as filler material to cover the lack of actual content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a nymph suspicious of the forest, Kor establishes an old story with the pig-faced nemesis whose sister refused to marry and is the supposedly horrible "cave of suicide" where you can only sing to your way. But the absolute sequence more unevenly bright? Not just from this movie alone, but in the history of cinema? It involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon awakens the legendary brave warriors, hoping that they will help them in their battle, but the decomposing corpses only take a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. That's! So much for the sub-plot of zombies! The best sequence of all! I could continue listing small details, unintentionally, hilarious for several more paragraphs, but you understand the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a tremendously messy movie of "so bad, it's good". A tip: do not look at this cheery scrap piece alone. Invite your friends, preferably drug-headed guys with a perverse sense of humor, and watch them as a group. Will it be a night to remember ??
