Such is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of this production by Sam Sherman, Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie has just gone to town, has become a stewardess, has slept with a rich and elderly man (whom she describes is about 50 years old, but obviously reached that mark a decade or two ago), films nude scenes for a photographer who has just met and is then the central Element of a kidnapping / extortion plot. Through all this and in the midst of all that emotional agitation and soul searching, what the hell is Debbie doing? Well, I can not reveal it completely, but do not expect any real epiphany here. Let's be honest. Naughty Stewardesses is just what he wants to be (at least two-thirds): a soft-core porn movie with many topless women and a funny movie in that 70's movie by Kitchy. There is no great art here. The film was designed to earn money and exploit a growing trend at the time of putting nympho hostesses in the movies so that the public could indirectly live their voyeuristic tastes. By today's standards, the movie is quite docile. What this movie does wrong is try to be a kind of statement film at the end. Come on, anyone who is here believing that little Debbie diatribe while on the beach contemplating life. I would spend more time choosing which halter top I would wear that day and then I would do that. And what about the ridiculous plot to steal $ 50,000? It did not make sense to me, then, how the hell these characters "dug" it? Someone buying Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a director of hardcore pornography? I would be lucky to get a job at Seven Eleven! This is, as another critic pointed out, plus a piece by Sam Sherman then and a piece by Al Adamson. It can be said when Al is in full charge. There is virtually no budget and the movie does not look as polished as this one. Adamson does a decent job directing this time and I have to give Sherman credit to some extent. While this film is bad just for what it should be, it has a certain style. I liked the opening credits with the animation and the photographs. I even liked sparrow music. "Silver Heels" was a catchy tune. The movie does not seem cheap actually. Compare that to ANY of Al's horror films. As for the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead role, but his character was examined and the obvious thread that young women are attracted to was explored. the men with money. I had major problems with Robert Smedley, who was simply horrible in his role. All the girls have big sets, so what else was asked of them, huh? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively innocuous exploitation film from the 70s and will serve as a life-time capsule for certain aspects of life during that decade. By the way, did I mention that it is a pretty bad image?
