It seems that the people behind Envy realized that recent comedies, especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black, have been parodies of situations, which have steadily diminished in originality and generally laugh. I found Zoolander's absurdity absolutely fun when it was released, Starsky and Hutch were also nice, and then Dodgeball kept up the laughter for a lot of people, although I was personally a little tired of the exaggerated characters. especially when the stage was not so funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball tournament does not translate to Australia, where it is rarely played). So, in an attempt to do something a little more original, Envy moves away from an absurd scenario and, instead, revolves around the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I will not ruin what it is for those who pretend to see the movie). The problem is that the movie seems to drag, I'm not a movie buff big enough to think of examples, but it seems that this configuration has been done thousands of times before, and very rarely successfully. Then, instead of a nice comedy, crisp, nice and fresh, you get a movie that seems to go simply through the movements. Of course the movements can be quite funny, and focus on an idea that is extravagant enough to provide some laughter, especially when Jack Black plays the creator, albeit a bit 2D, excited and fun. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, seems a bit lost, he is asked to play a more complete role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander movie breed, but he fights like a family man, either because of his fault or because of the scripts, There is not enough depth. For the character and the result is a Ben Stiller film making those typical gestures and, in general, becoming tedious. The performance does not leave a mark on the viewer (he is only Ben Stiller, Jack Black manages to represent a character, although it is not a challenge). The last annoying element of the film is the role of Christopher Walken as "The J Man", which is as typical and two-dimensional as the characters, and naturally it becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people would make you think, you can see, especially if you're in the right frame of mind (feeling silly would be a good prerequisite to watch this movie). Hire him in a movie night with friends and watch him after having seen a scary movie and feel like something light. Hopefully by that time I'm also a little dizzy. In that scenario I can imagine that it would be quite nice, but in general it provides very little laughter to take away from itself and most of the time it simply drags.
