I admit that I like many of the so-called "frat-pack" movies. No matter how bad they are, I can find something I like about Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But the "envy" left me as cold as the white horse that Ben discarded. This time, Ben and Jack Black are like a pair of crazy neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers a spray to make disappear the poop of the animals and becomes incredibly rich, while the other (Stiller) writhes with envy . That is supposedly the plot, but then it deviates in other directions that really do not make much sense. <br /> <br /> I guess the 'Vapoorize' thing is funny at first. The problem is that they try to hold the gag of the whole image (Black has a plaque that says "King Caca") and it becomes quite boring. But even Ben and Jack are misused; The level of energy for both of their performances seems significantly reduced. The two best performances by far are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The neo-hippie-dippie boy from Walken is such an unconventional and well-modulated show that he never really suggests any of Walken's other known characters. It is completely unique, but it presents itself as unmistakably Walken. And Weisz is the best actress in the business that nobody knows. Even with a limited time on the screen, he still dominates every scene he's in. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the so-called drama is that Ben, in a stupor of jealous drunks, accidentally shoots Jack's prize-winning white stallion, and then goes to great lengths to cover it, fearing that his best friend will discover it. and kill him. But the twist of the plot is not credible because there is nothing in the character of Jack that indicates that he would do something like that. He plays a guy so sweet that makes all the unbearable horse chase null and void. You discount it completely. Everything is stuffed. And what is the point of the merry-go-round out of control, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he has seen "Strangers in a train"? The script is painfully bad and the performance of the two drivers is misdirected. Someone with Levinson's background should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they've done it already.
