Jack Frost, there are no children, it is not the warm family movie about a father returning from the dead in the form of a snowman. It is a sadistic killer named Jack Frost who is sprayed with an acidic liquid and transforms into a murderous snowman. Coincidentally I was able to capture a copy of this movie so I could sit well and laugh at it. A man snow killer? Ha, it sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very bad. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a murderer being transported from truck to jail so he can fry in the chair at midnight. But it's a snowy night and collides with a government tanker that carries a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burned by acid and becomes a murderous snowman. Return to the small town of Snowmonton, where he was captured by a petty sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with colder powers. It can condense in water, launch ice cycles like spears and grow murderous fangs. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This movie is below the typical B-Movie line. The film begins in a cheesy way, but as soon as Jack burns with the acid, it quickly falls below the cheese line and flattens out. The performance for one is frightening! Here we have a whole cast of unprecedented actors who either can not act, can act but have a useless character, or are here for a few extra dollars. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. It looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is only reduced to three minutes and all we see of him is his new form of snowman and his wise broken voice. Besides, his jokes are anything but funny. Moaning, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is horrible! Throughout history there have been numerous murderers. A murderer with a hockey mask, a murderer with a shaving glove, an imbecile with a chainsaw, a quick San Bernardo, but now we lean towards a snowman? Oh, come on! And the way the characters are introduced is terrible. On the one hand, I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, I mean give his dad oats with antifreeze so they do not freeze. All the characters are foolish and useless and the deaths are by cartoons. A woman strangled with Christmas lights and has her head banged against a decoration box and a girl dies in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene, huh?). <br /> <br /> And up to the top of this horrible movie are the special effects. The first great special effect we have is that Jack's DNA mixes with the snow and is terrible. I mean it looks like an art design fad of the 60s, PU! Jack seems fake too. It looks like a person covered in snow rubber man's skin. All blood and gore is cheesy and the film never takes off with greatness, but it is reduced to low levels. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst Slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be a riot but no! It does not try to be fun and it really tries to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least he made me laugh for his horror. Do not even bother with this piece of garbage. Jack Frost = D +
