I have not seen "Henry Fool", but after seeing "Fay Grim" I'm not sure I want to do it. Maybe Hartley aspires to be the "anti-thriller" director, who surely succeeded with this yawn. According to the official description, the woman discovers that the manuscript of her dead husband contains material that could represent a threat to national security. I expected a tense geopolitical drama. Instead, I got a flimsy structure, a ridiculous dialogue, flabby characterizations, a complicated plot and a "tone" that changes so often that suggests Hartley changed the script according to his mood at a given moment. I can hang for a long time with a frustrating and difficult to follow plot (for example, "Duplicity") because I think the loose ends will eventually come together. Even when they do not, or do, but leave lingering questions (eg, "Duplicity"), sharp writing and acting can maintain interest. But halfway to "Fay Grim" I reached a mortal realization: I did not know what was happening and I did not care. Too bad, because I really like Parker Posey, reduced here to work with an absurd part that asked him to transform from indifferent, from a separated and indifferent wife, from a confused mother to a tough and astute "international player", able to maneuver psychologically hand in hand with terrorists There is also bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is not able to overcome the mistreatment as a CIA agent. He looks almost as uncomfortable in the paper as I was seeing him in it. His partner in the CIA is worse; he looks like a refugee from the "American Idol" quarterfinals (are there really young CIA agents with big tufts of hair falling on their foreheads?). Then there is the sticky question of the ages of the characters. Goldblum was 54 years old when he made "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool," was 44 years old. Neither was made to look or look older than his real age. However, a key point of the story is that they served as agents of the CIA in Nicaragua "in the 70s". The character of Goldblum would have been about 20 years old then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Hartley was "peculiar" or lazy? The problems are too numerous to list ...
