I say "I would like" in that line because, frankly, I have not seen a Hal Hartley movie so far. However, it's not that I have not heard of him, since he was seen as one of those little New York filmmakers (when I say small I mean a character even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who did ultra-personal projects with budgets limited. In an ironic way, as with Pasolini's Salo, although in a slightly different context, Fay Grim interests me to see some of Hartley's most acclaimed features, because there seems to be at least a certain semblance of talent behind him, such as if Hartley * could * be a very good filmmaker who can be so good that he just took a big experimental error. Or, on the other hand, could be someone too impressed with their own idiosyncrasies and possible Godard film collisions. <br /> <br /> I can not explain the story, which can or can be. I guess it will not be a problem, but it's not really because I did not see the movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think that even if I had that experience, it would not make a big difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped inside another that has fallen into the fake pockets of the title character, played in a distant way by Parker Posey (I'm not sure if that's good or bad, maybe both), and it also implies a CIA agent (Jeff Goldblum, as usual, a solid presence in the middle of the mania, even provoking some laughter), not to mention a picture of images loaded with orgies, and the author Henry Fool. It is not that the script is totally impenetrable, no matter how many gaps are too widespread for the simple fact of doing so, because there are some touches of witty or affectively strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell, the management only sucks Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is fine, but imposes a consistent style to induce the headache of everything that is tilting at an angle, with the characters that have to enter the frame in an equally strange way. In fact, from the Battlefield of Earth, a director has not been so annoying when trying to make an unnecessary choice of angles entitled to obtain a strange dramatic effect, only this time Hartley is not in the middle of a group of people, is the most responsible. for it. This, along with the crazy Godard title letters that appear here and there, some a little funny and others totally stupid, and the assembly segments all in fixed shots, and a couple of moments related to actions that almost remind Ed. Wood, undermines any potential found in the script, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a way, it's fascinating to see how bad all this is, but a kind of fascination that comes from seeing the other side of total creative control in a kind of small-scale story. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: it is likely that this year you will not find a worse example of the production of American independent films.
