1975: MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE is an amazing and wonderful movie to watch. This is not because the fight is particularly inspired or because the movie makes any sense at all. It's because the movie is so stupid and so exaggerated that it's a camp classic: bad, but incredibly bad. The movie stars a blind man who has a Frisbee-like device on a chain that cuts off people's heads when he cleverly launches this to his enemies! Who cares that physics is impossible or that the movie shows such silly things as wrestlers with 12 foot long papier-mâché arms or that the guy was blind? It's just a ball to see from beginning to end, and one of my favorite "bad" movies and very good to see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this movie, I was anxious to see THE FATAL FLYING GUILLOTINES (1977), although unfortunately it did not turn out to be a sequel, but an imitation, taking many of the ideas from the original but neglecting that the film was so coherent or visible. Sure, it's silly fun, but it never comes close to MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE in entertainment value. Like the original movie, there are these strange flying devices that cut heads, but they are quite different, with circular saw blades and almost a mind of their own. Nor is there a blind guy, but there are a lot of bad guys who really do not have depth or the audience understands exactly what is happening in this English-dubbed version, since the plot is completely incomprehensible. However, at the same time, some of the martial arts actions are very good. Although it is not up to most of the films of Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba, the action is worth it despite the ridiculous and often confusing plot. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a movie that fans of martial arts may like (although it is many, many, many, many shortcomings, but also one that others will probably turn off or be they will laugh hysterically instead of enjoying the action because the movie is so ridiculous, BUT, most importantly, it never becomes as funny or visible as MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE.
