This film must be shown to the students of the film school as an example of what NOT to do. The original kicked some of the main asses of the tire, this horrible disaster breaks the fundamental rule of Bruckheimer's films, which is: we all know that they stink, but they have a great action. This movie has no action. This movie is boring. Where are the cars? Where are the persecutions? Where is the tension? Where is the suspense? Where is the hurry? Where!!?? This is not really a movie, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? That is wrong. They have 3 days to steal, the announcement is wrong. How bad is that? The action of the leads is rigid, wooden and forced. The villain, the policeman, the others ... who cares. They pronounce their lines meaningless, they serve the illogical plot. They solve it as best they can, since the director of music videos says "do not worry, we will make many quick cuts and nobody will realize how bad the movie is" or "we will fix it with a lot of noise" music "The" script "It's not really a script, it's more like a list of clichés with an ending that is a total scam of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 - ---- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The fugitive The biggest crime of all is the underutilization of Vinnie Jones, man ... this is the funniest and funniest mofo from Jules in Pulp Fiction, and what do they do !? They make it a mute that's barely in the movie! Make Vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the movie ... How could they have been so stupid? How? Why? The original film is very entertaining with a great trick at the end that drives away the driver.The original has a great 40 minute chase that delivers! Go find the original. you are wanting some action of pursuit of a real car, rent RONIN. The persecutions in Ronin raised the bar by which now all the persecutions of other cars will be judged. Did Bruckheimer and Cage have all that money, all those resources, all that experience, and they can not even come close to joining a movie made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can it be? You feel like you were ripped off after seeing this movie. Where once I was excited to see Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, I now say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
