If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this movie, their subject was (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" on characterization. Disney, as if trying to "keep up" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, Disney has abandoned the movie-driven approach of the character-driven message in favor of Star's "shoot-em-up" Wars. with stereotypes of heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> Art is a caricature and producers believe they can rely on computer-generated images (CGI) of flying and submarine craft to fill the void. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful hand-made animation are flying quickly out the window in favor of the CGI assembly line. <br /> <br /> This movie is quite a show without a heart. Sometimes, the film is close to being a good movie that is worthwhile, but the brand is lost frustratingly many times when talking about something significant and, instead, opting for ostentation. <br /> <br /> Another problem with The movie is the rhythm. It begins confusingly and then begins to shoot along with an edgy style of storytelling that is not appreciated. The spectator runs out the door along with Milo Thatch (voiced by Michael J. Fox) and is left thinking "Wow, there must be a lot of things that are going to happen once we get to Atlantis". Unfortunately, not much happens. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret for storytellers who do not know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to commit to saying where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is hypothesized, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. The spectator will leave the theater and ask himself: "What is this all about? What was the point of the film? Why did the Atlanteans who survived not remember how to read when many of them lived through the disaster until the day" "And WHY did Atlantis sink?" And then, quickly, they begin to forget what they saw.There's nothing more to think about or concentrate on ... except the loss of money in their wallets. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable: from the eccentric zillionaire who founded the expedition with seemingly more money that existed all over the planet in 1914, to the collective conscience (spoiler) that enters Kida and VOLUNTARILY abandons its crew!?! The crew is a collection of extravagant and two-dimensional people of anachronistic (for 1914) PC race and gender.The demolitions expert speaks as if he came out of a short of Warner Brothers Bugs Bunny. The jokes are rude of a single line, which are overlooked by the audience for two reasons: they are delivered at the speed of lightning and, in general, are whispered. It's hard to believe in the way these support players take a moral turn near the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> While we applaud Disney for trying to create animated films for adults, and this is the first Disney to have no cute or talking animals or objects - it fails to make the transition. Younger children will be frightened by some of the action scenes and will be left in the dark with the large number of subtitles (when the characters talk atlante). In the first five minutes of the expedition, approximately 200 people are killed without thinking twice. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you did not know who those people were, why do you care? Again, the film has no feelings on any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the last animated films produced by Disney that were done extremely well. Unfortunately, Atlantis goes back to those failed attempts in the past, such as the Black Cauldron and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to go back to its roots. Soon a sequel to Peter Pan will be released, but you never know what the results will be until you see it for yourself. And now that Disney has discovered science fiction, you expect them to realize that this genre must have more than a show. We also hope that the next "Treasure Planet", a science fiction adaptation of "Treasure Island" by Robert L. Stevenson, has more heart than the unfathomable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
