I thought "What's new Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I did not like it), since Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and drastically moved away from the previous series. When I heard that "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" was in the works, I thought it could be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew that this show was going to be bad, if not worse. I saw some episodes, and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" -wannabe. Scooby and Shaggy no longer go against people who wear masks of cold, spooky monsters who rob banks. Now they go after a typical super villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become braver. Also, since Shaggy WILL NOT be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice, will NOT emit Shaggy. Only Shaggy express if you do not eat meat, and that was just a stupid change made by the company to update the franchise, as if the jokes of the Internet were not enough. So Scott Menville (who previously expressed Red Herring in "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") expresses Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is very bad! It makes Shaggy sound like a gaudy 10-year-old, and I must agree that the voice definitely fits his ugly new look. However, Kasem MAKES the voice of Uncle Albert of Shaggy, which is kind of a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look so good. It seems that it was designed to look more like the CGI Scooby-Doo of the live-action movies. Also, the voice of Scooby Frank Welker (do I need to mention Brain the Dog again?) Still has not improved. Robi, the robotic butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! Try to be funny and make "funny" impressions and give safety advice ("Remember the kids, do not stand under the trees during a thunderstorm!"), But it just does not fit into a Scooby-Doo cartoon . Once again, the Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use the thunder of "Castle thunder" for most of the year. (Although YES they still use the newly recorded thunder sound effects, too.) Scooby-Doo has not used the sound effects of "Castle thunder" since 1991. But my question is, why use "Castle thunder" in " Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue, "while NOT using it in direct video movies or even in" What's new, Scooby-Doo! "(Two episodes of WNSD used it, and it was not enough, unfortunately) . If WNSD and the DTV movies used it, then they could be better than this shitty caricature. The day this show was released, I saw the first episode, and it was SO bad that I turned it off after only five minutes! To stop thinking about this poor show, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" that went around the same time. And you know what? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" was actually BETTER than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it seems that the new designs that the characters have are not permanent. to the franchise. The direct films to the video that leave while this program is done use the designs of normal characters, luckily. But, whether you love or hate "The new Scooby-Doo," I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, THEN you'll love it! (Oh, God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon is better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a very bad addition to the Scooby canon.
