Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the most simple, successful and loved cartoon characters in the world. So, what happens when you've been everywhere and have done everything with the formula? You change it, right? Incorrect. It stops production and lets it rest for a decade or so and then goes back to running it, keeping intact the core of its success. That is, continue with the formula for the most part, but add its particular flavor to it. This is the reason why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo formula, which had only resurfaced a decade earlier in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo", but for the most part there was no been taken advantage of from the original version. "Scooby Doo Where Are You". <br /> <br /> The first sign (for me) of a weak offering is the inclusion of strange characters; There may be some good memories of previous iterations, but in general, if you think of "Scooby Doo" you're not thinking about Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Worse yet, the exclusion of the other main members of "Mystery Inc" generally indicates a group of production people who do not understand from the children's point of view how the show works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to meeting and, through their own individual and stereotyped qualities, manage to overcome the assigned tasks. <br /> <br /> The next paragraph is just my theorization, so skip it. if you wish: I hope to explain why I think that fiddling with the basic elements of the program is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how they contribute to the whole; Fred represents the driver. I think that, in general, Fred's purpose is to lead the group, the organization and the secondary tasks. Fred is not a carefree teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (the problem is always a solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is the antithesis of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy who is a little more afraid of things than you, allows you to be brave, not be in the back of the pack. Shaggy represents emotion and often shows emotional extremes from euphoria to fear. Velma represents rational thought, applies logic but, as we see again and again in the program, requires clues that are mostly collected in pieces by the other members of the program. If she were left alone, would Velma solve a mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where the truths are not obvious and only through casual encounters do they get the information necessary to complete their task, Daphne represents the opportunity. At one point (I think it's the first series of Scooby Doo) it was known as "prone to danger". The writers have used Daphne to link unrelated events through an accident. Often, she is the one who finds the secret door, the collection of objects or some other detail that can help the gang to join the clues. Finally Scooby represents us, the participant. He is always at the center of events, he is capable of all the things that the rest of the gang is capable of doing, but he is disabled because he is not human and, like us, the television viewer can not really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personified elements of problem solving are immediately identifiable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm thinking too much about things, but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (being a self-proclaimed 30-year-old Nerd, as it rolls with the territory). For me, there is a magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be messy. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art nor is it completely trite, it falls into the category of programming that can be observed by young eyes with a bowl of cereal for breakfast. To become entangled with raw simplicity transforms it into something else, something less.
