Darcy and her young daughter Pamela head to the country where Peter, her mother's boyfriend, left the doctor's position in the city to become a writer and arrange a bed and breakfast inn. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela finds out about a girl who lives in the city, a deformed witch once lives in that house. They called her the "Tooth Fairy" since she would kill the children after receiving her last baby tooth. This work at the inn has awakened the 'Tooth Fairy'. Now she has her interest in Pamela and her last milk tooth, but if someone gets in the way they face the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> The old popular myth of this' Tooth Fairy 'movie does not' Play it in a very generous way, as you would believe when you were a child. They do not love turning happy memories of childhood into nightmares! Another that fell in the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similar they are in the facilities, because I have not seen the latter, but mainly hurt that they basically share the same idea. For a bit more direct to the movie on DVD, this effort of DTV looks good and has some promising images surrounding the foolish and traditionally by the plot device of the book. Low expectations are needed, since I would not classify it as a success, but I found it marginally entertaining. <br /> <br /> The story or background of Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown for this "Tooth Fairy" character is completely naked, leaning more towards a slasher vehicle than anything truly supernatural. Silly is a good way to describe what is happening in this badly written story, but it never feels like a fairy tale horror. The dialogues may seem quite redundant and morally harassed. While the acting is simply inferior to that of the bland characters with whom they have to work, director Chuck Bowman offers some inventive blood spatters and terribly unpleasant shakes. This type compensates for the lack of suspense, the fear of zero and the generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, where he obtains atmospheric lighting that contrasts well with his polished photography. The promising opening scene is incredibly effective. His pace may slow down in some places and there is a strange and unnecessary slow motion scene, but nevertheless, he never becomes too heavy with something active that is happening and he made sure I did not get bored. <br /> <br /> The special make-up effects provided the merchandise, since there are enough repulsive porridge and the appearance of the Tooth Fairy is especially sticky. The figure of the Fairy tooth can be seen threatening in its black robe, bubbling makeup and rapid movements. Being in the place helps create a more natural feeling and can be enriched atmospherically in your sense of restlessness. Child actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are solid, but they can be a bit too causal in their performances as Peter and Darcey. The radiant and beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of her guests. PJ Soles appears in a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them about the evil that is hidden in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good waste of time that you have a good concept, that you just have not developed enough and the execution is quite textbook material. Obscene nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgettable.
