The Tooth Fairy is located in a small town somewhere in northern California where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought an agricultural property he is renovating and planning to convert into a holiday inn, and his girlfriend, Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) , he joins him. and her 12-year-old daughter, Pamela (Nicole Muñoz), who arrives to help during the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela meets another young woman named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns her that evil is lurking inside her new home, tells the story of an evil witch known as the Tooth Fairy who takes baby teeth of children and then kill them. . Pamela is worried and she is even more so when she falls off her bicycle and her last tooth of milk falls, it is not long before the evil ghost of the Tooth Fairy has her eyes on Pamela's tooth and only for the kicks she also decides to kill whomever she wants. It appears ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman, I thought that The Tooth Fairy was just another poor low-budget horror movie, direct to the video, which is indistinguishable from the innumerable other video stores in the world. trash. fill the dark schedules of cable television late at night, basically not very good. The screenplay by producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode and Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 odd minutes, nothing of great interest happens during this period and it is basically a boring exhibition as if that were all. to surprise anyone Enter the characters, set the legend of the tooth fairy and that's it. The second half of the film improves a bit, but even then it's something spectacular, there are some decent bloody scenes, but other than that, everything is very predictable and forgettable. The character is not great and most of them are there to be killed, the story has inconsistencies like the story of the Tooth Fairy, it says that it kills children after they give their baby teeth. An indiscriminate killing that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to him after the prologue established in 1949? Why have you returned as a ghost? Despite being a ghost of some kind, it seems very human to have to open doors herself and use weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make use of the supernatural elements, except the ghostly children who play with the maximum feeling. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman does it well, it's reasonably well done and there are a couple of half decent scenes, but there's nothing to get excited about. There is nothing you can describe as frightening or atmospheric here, and do not pay attention to the comparisons between this and Darkness Falls (2003), since, apart from the teeth, they are quite different. The blood is fine, someone is pushed into a wood chipping machine, there is a decapitation, someone has his penis cut off and the best scene when someone is nailed to a door and then his stomach is opened with an ax and his guts are they slide outside. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 1,500,000, The Tooth Fairy is generally well done, but there's nothing special here. The acting is not good, but it's not that bad and, unusually, I did not find the children actors annoying, so I guess that's something. <br /> <br /> The Tooth Fairy is the usual one just below the modern average. The horror rate direct to the video that appears everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy, you could spend the 90 odd minutes if it is not too demanding, otherwise, it is something quite poor and forgettable.
