I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Raye; for me, she is the woman Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY *. It is almost * guaranteed * that the movie will be bad (for example, Congo) if Hudson is in it (with the exception of the Ghostbusters movies, which were intentionally bad and bad). Despite my instincts, and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another film tour de force starring Lisa Raye, I rented it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" in OZ and ended up watching a high quality series, so I thought about giving this movie a shot. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, this is a definite must see! This has to be the most fun and involuntary movie I've seen in a long time. The plot is quite simple: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is murdered by a band of bandits (directed by Bobby Brown!) And, like many other action movies before this, she puts on weapons once more and promises avenge his sisters. death. To do this, he reunites the titular Gang of Roses (supposedly based on the real story of a female gang) and they go out and get revenge and, along the way, there is a secondary plot or something else about the gold that could be buried in the village. One good thing I will say about this movie is that, from what I could see, the stars mounted and looked GREAT galloping. <br /> <br /> The funniest scenes (albiet, unintentional, funny)? Look for when they present the character of Stacy Dash or when the character of Calhoun renounces his promise not to tie his weapons (full of a clenched fist to the sky) or the character of Lil 'Kim joking with the character of Lisa Raye or the character of Stacy Dash killing Lil. 'The character of Kim convinces the character of Lisa Raye to meet with the gang or the character of Asian Chick or Macy Gray talking about "The debt is paid", etc. With the exception of Racheal de Calhoun and the Left Eye of Bobby Brown, I can not remember the names of the other characters because I laughed so much when they were presented. <br /> <br /> If the director had gone to parody and general comedy, this would have been a great movie. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously, apparently without first taking an exhibition, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is notoriously difficult to work on in a period work), stage design, script writing or historical research of periods ( Was it me, or were these the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west?) Seriously. Usually when I see a movie that is not so good, I wonder "Could you have done it better?" This is the first time in a long time where the answer is an unequivocal "YES!"
