The Italian miniseries of Quo Vadis, from 1985, by Franco Rossi, is a very curious beast, which creates an ancient Roman world that is absolutely convincing in reality (very few long shots, without large urban landscapes), but minimizes the drama. in favor of allusions to classical literature and the story that history is constantly lost in the background. <br /> <br /> The changing structure (much of episode one is played through voice over lyrics) and the lack of narrative urgency makes the six-hour full version demanding and undemanding at the same time, and undoubtedly too often without involvement, but it has something in its favor. The two main strengths are the characterization of Petronius (a fortunate nicknamed Frederic Forrest, whose own voice would almost certainly flatten his dialogue) as a man who spent so much time looking for an astute angle to survive in the life of the court that he has become unable to experience emotions, and the unique version of Klaus Maria Brandauer about Nero as an aspiring actor whose movements and actions are calculated on how his "audience" will receive it. Elsewhere, Max Von Sydow appears briefly in a few episodes, and is rewarded with the most impressive and genuinely moving scene of the place. Here he meets a boy when he tries to leave Rome. It's the kind of things the program could do with more, but it seems too often to flatten every potentially emotional, inspiring or exciting moment under its relentless low-key direction. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Francesco Quinn makes a surprisingly anonymous hero, mingling with the walls and arriving less like a Roman officer than that silent, somewhat ungainly but harmless guy who works in the same office as you never say A lot at office parties. You know, the one who believes. His name is Dave or something. Budgetary constraints are very visible once your time of Fulfilling the Lions for Christians and Ursus struggles with the bull is so decidedly low that it simply passes over you before the show suddenly loses interest and ends suddenly. <br /> <br /> It's not a trip I can particularly recommend, I'm afraid, but if you embark on it it's not entirely without its small rewards.
