Why would someone want to see this? If it was a movie posted on YouTube by a teenager, he could have applauded the teenager for doing so much with his mom's video camera. He could also have congratulated his family and friends for doing a good acting job. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced filmmaker and these were, apparently, professional actors, which makes this a very, very sad film. Sad ... and very pathetic, really. As I said, it has a defined aspect for video. It also has a narrative and a performance that only shouts "non-professionals". How could this be ?! The movie is full of many corpses and blood. Normally this would turn me off completely, since I hate ultra violent movies and I do not like to see all that blood. However, since none of that is so realistic, it is bearable. However, I must warn you that there are some scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the child throwing a radio into a lady's bathtub and observing her naked and frying is pretty bad. There are also scenes in which you can listen to the thoughts of psychopaths while fantasizing about killing women. With a level of misogyny that is quite horrible. The people who wrote this are pretty sick, like killing women is meant for our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After a lot of senseless murders, the movie goes to a dining room table, around which there is a lot of silly balls with black hoods WITHOUT holes for the eyes! They are talking, with pride, about all the murders they have committed and sung. Everything is very funny, although I'm not sure that was the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> Then, the film talks about various crimes and sexual murders and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know, maybe because people made this happen in this kind of garbage. And, once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a spooky German-looking man as he tracks people and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering the movie I used, I must assume what I should assume. professional actors, I was wondering why so many people were chosen who were clearly Germans. While trying to act like Americans and the film was supposed to be in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German audiences saw this and were amazed at how "realistic" the performance was, but for any American it is obvious that these people are not their American compatriots. Considering that he really was a Zodiac Killer (who was never captured), I wonder why someone would want to make a "fan movie" in some way for the threat of the sick? I mean ... was this movie intended as a snuff movie for perverts? I just can not see anyone else who wants to see this or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate someone to make such a stupid and offensive movie. Worthless and deserves to be on Bottom 100 list of IMDb.
