Well, as Goethe once said, it really does not make sense to try to issue a negative judgment that aims to be objective in "something that has had a great effect". "La Maman et La Putain" has surely gone down in history as an influence in large part of what has been done in France and elsewhere in the last thirty years, and no one who is interested in the history of cinema, no doubt , should be dissuaded from seeing it. However, to express a purely subjective judgment, I feel compelled to disagree with almost all the other reviews published here and tell people: "Do not see it, it is a waste of time that will only make you feel quite sick". angry. "And with that I do not mean" sick and angry "about" the human condition "or anything so general and profound as that, because that is exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their praise of the film: "a terrible test" to see in his ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and, if he really managed to convey a universal or even widely relevant message of this kind, then the director would have a good reason to be satisfied with himself, no matter how pessimistic his conclusions may be. My flesh with the film is rather that I do not see this record of empty vanity and small betrayal of an hour's worth justified or excused by any message GENERALLY relevant. The three main characters are profoundly unattractive people from the moral point of view: Alexandre to a great degree, of course, because we see most of him by much and because he rarely keeps quiet for more than thirty seconds; Marie maybe in the smallest degree, because we see her less. The affected and pretentious monologues of Alexandre have a kind of fun value, of course, but the fun fades away as one realizes more and more that Jean-Pierre Léaud is probably not acting and that, with absurd comments like "a homme" Beau comme a film by Nicholas Ray ", was really reproducing opinions word by word that were accepted as authentic and profound by the medium in which he, along with director Eustache, had lived for about ten years. I suppose that if the tone of incessant superficiality and triviality had been maintained throughout 100% of the film, it could have worked as a long sardonic comedy about a shallow, useless and despicable post-'68 medium. However, what made this viewer at least extremely angry with the director was his concession of at least one long scene to Alexandre and Veronika in which We are expected to draw with them and feel them as if they share a moral universe with us. . If a man can get away with living in the apartment and professing to love a woman, sleeping (mainly in this same apartment) with another, and running around Paris proposing marriage to a third party, well, I suppose I can wish him well. the best of luck in the world of dog-eat-dog that you have chosen to create for yourself. What I can not do, however, in all consciousness is to listen, even for a moment, to his monologues in which he talks about his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same is duplicated for the even more despicable Veronika, who is shown breaking into the apartment drunk and even the bed shared by Marie and Alexandre, and behaving there with a child inconsistency equivalent to the most savage and ruthless cruelty. As I say, if you want "La Maman et La Putain" to be nothing more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three people whom a half-decent person would never admit to their company, let alone their home, then I suppose that there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director for being "unbreakable" (although that's why one should feel like "shuddering" once one consciously chose to create such repellent characters to observe that I can not imagine it). However, the problem is that the director is clearly convinced, and seems to have managed to convince generations of critics, that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are in some way representative of human beings in general and of the limits of the emotional capacities of humans. This last idea, however, is absurd and offensive. In fact, there may be an inherent fallibility and a tendency to tragedy in human relationships in general and in sexual relationships in particular. But the nature and extent of this fallibility and tendency to tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relationships work. Surely you do not need a cinematographic genius or author to convey the information that a man who behaves like Alexandre will end up being hated, miserable and lonely, or that women who insist on waiting for the love of a man like Alexandre will end up disappointed and bitter. Look at "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what happened to culture and human interaction in a certain Parisian environment after '68 that probably was not limited to a few particularly antisocial types like these. . But, please, do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has some general relevance to humanity in the way that it could be argued that you have a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
