Well, I'll start with the good points. The movie only lasted 86 minutes, and part of it was so bad that it was funny. Now for the low points. My first warning sign came with a real "warning" in the movie. When it started, the following "warning" was displayed: "The film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images, because, unlike popular belief, it is not fun, beautiful or romantic." I should have saved the 86 minutes and turned it off then. The first words of the film were: "I'm in the glue factory". He was a guy who talked on his phone and referred to a nursing home as a glues factory. I do not know why So the basis of the movie is that a child is obsessed with the zodiac killer and begins to imitate him. The budget for this movie was at least $ 50 and they must have used the cheapest cameras they could find. The acting was worse than me reading directly from a script. That's what it looks like they were doing. The script was horrible, and the big "twist" was that this guy who wrote a biography about the zodiac killer was actually the zodiac killer. Of course, they tried to show this subtly, but they made it totally obvious in the first 10 minutes. Without more painful details of the plot, here are some horrible aspects of the film. They try to make the Zodiac Assassin compare with an "army of one" because the soldiers are nothing but assassins. Then they tried to make an attempt at "Satanic Adoration" by showing some guys with black hoods in a meeting. The great "hacker" was able to obtain the address of this child when someone gave him the name and telephone number of the child. For some reason, he had to hack the FBI to get someone's address. I'm not sure why he did not look for it in the phone book or he used whitepages.com. There was also a random allusion to 9/11 for no reason. I also learned that no matter where you are shot, the blood will come out of your mouth in a matter of seconds. <br /> <br /> So if you like bad acting, sleazy scripts, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you'll love Zodiac Killer!
