First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this film 1 star out of 10 is that there is no option to NOT give it stars. It's really that bad! I never wanted to see this movie after having seen the ads, I ended up seeing it just by chance because some of my friends had tickets and they had a spare, so I went ahead. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that I would not be a genius: the premise seemed too stupid and stupid for something good to come out, but in the back of my mind I was thinking "but there must be something." It's good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson do with the film ... "I do not think any of them are particularly good, but they are great stars who would normally only make films that would improve their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes into the show I realized that the movie was probably worse than I had originally planned. I was surprised at how terrible the script was. It really gave the actors NOTHING to work, so much that they seemed not to know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable: if you've seen the ad, you've seen the movie! And it was not original, but inspired by every story of "superheroes" that would have been acceptable if the film had been created as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately it was not so. The direction seemed to be realism. I got the feeling that the director wanted the film to feel completely realistic and not satire, and yet there were some moments in the movie that were so incredibly unreal that they would have worked if it was a satire. At one point in the film, two of the characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a phrase like "Oh, well, it's dead ... it's time to move on" and says it with such a funny voice that it's not He did it completely. It does not make any sense. I found myself looking at the clock after about 40 minutes to see how much longer I would have to sit. And then I was surprised ... I started thinking: "I wonder if the studio has taken this picture as a test to see if they can make the worst possible film ever made, and still attract a large audience ..." No I could. Do not think of any other reason why this movie would be made. For the films that will be made these days, the script is directed to a massive projection process and very few scripts arrive at the production stage ... I can not understand how this exceeded the first stage of the draft ... In the end, and to a large extent, stupid fool Ly, foolish fool, I laughed with gusto, but not what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh, but how ridiculous and stupid was the movie. Thank God, I did not have to pay money to see it ... because that would really have bothered me! Oh, and I might add that, of the two Wilson brothers, I have always preferred Luke because I think he is a better and more versatile actor ... but if he wants to advance further in the shadow of OWEN, then this is exactly the One way to do it ... I doubt that I get many more job offers after this 2 hour crap! and remember, he only got a generous 1/10 because I could not select 0!
