It's easy to see how this script developed below average at the first sales meetings at Regency Films (and later with Fox): it crosses the genre of superheroes with a comedy about "Fatal Attraction" ... voilà! I do not know how a talented director like Ivan Reitman got involved, unless the pay was too tempting. An undated employee at an architectural design firm at N.Y.C. he meets a girl on the subway and invites her out; despite the fact that she is distracted and unpleasant, she finally takes her to bed, only to discover later that she is the resident superhero of the Big Apple, G-Girl. However, this demon Superman, with powers granted by a fallen meteorite, is not a fantastic heroine, however ... screenwriter Don Payne conceived her as a vengeful, possessive and needy bitch (although she telegraphs us from far away). Uma Thurman still plays the role of cheeky laughter). This is the kind of worthless movie that can not pass up an insult. Our introduction to the protagonist Luke Wilson, talking to Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a critique of homosexuals (he urges us to make sure these two friends are strictly men's women). After being approached by the nemesis of G-Girl, who wants to exhaust her powers, they tell Wilson that this will turn her into a simple mocking woman ... and is not it better after all? The first performances of Thurman in films like "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" showed an intelligent woman with angular grace and hypnotic poise; her films with Quentin Tarantino helped expose her toughness and muscular intensity, but that came at a price (the actress seems to have lost her graceful touch). The image is very well produced and shot, with special effects that seem expensive, but nobody bothered to find humor in this scenario. He is aggressive, mocking, ugly and badly fused. Wilson, bloated and cold-faced, can not tell any of his co-workers that he's dating G-Girl because she made him swear he'd rather have a chainsaw stuck in his rectum. I wonder if the writer Payne really thought it was funny ... or, in fact, if someone involved did it. * since ****
