Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) believes he has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a calm but beautiful woman, but soon discovers that she is needy and possessive, and is also the superhero G-Girl. , although you would not know it because of the things he does to Matt after he gets scared and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre execution. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a nice comedy, however, it relies too much on cheap sex jokes and ends up being an unforgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like the way they played it. I expected the guy to be a jerk and it could have been a female fantasy revenge movie. However, they made the kid nice and made the superhero a psychopath. It just was not very cool and after about forty minutes, the movie sold out, it's welcome. Sure, there were some fun lines, however, the weak medium and the horrible end prevented it from really breaking. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost his touch. After a successful career in the eighties and early nineties, he started committing trash like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a total failure, but I do not give credit for the quality of the film, which is not too much. Don Payne did a horrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were boring and most of the secondary characters were just a note. He also continued to reuse many of the same jokes that sometimes make the thing really tedious. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl and had many fun phrases. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I do not think he becomes an attractive protagonist and is better at supporting roles like The Family Stone. Anna Faris was just doing her "scary movie" routine and she's getting a little old. She needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is any of my favorites. She was great at Monster-in-Law and she was bad at Clerks 2. Here, she's just annoying and does not bring anything to the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. In general, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not horrible, but it had a lot of potential and the end result was so normal. Rating 5/10
