Bernard Rapp died last year and was a very cultured journalist. The cinema was one of his greatest passions (he wrote a vast dictionary of movies around the world), so he was forced to handle a camera at least once in his life. However, the films that he left in it obtained lukewarm reviews: "Tiré à Part" (1996) despite the sensational performance of Terence Stamp, was very caricatured in the representation of the characters, "une Affaire De Goût" (2000) It was a delicate matter even if Bernard Giraudeau had a perverse performance, "Pas Si Grave" (2003) was another disappointment and "Consquemencia de Petit Jeu Sans" is as disappointing as his predecessors. His comic potential is exploited in a weak way. <br /> <br /> And, nevertheless, the initial idea allows predicting a spiritual and coiled comedy. A couple in the power of Yvan Attal and Sandrine Kiberlain, who invited their friends, is moving full in a lascivious mansion. To play with their guests, they intend to separate between them. And things do not go according to plan because the announcement of their separation does not surprise them. The two lovers begin to reflect on the validity of their partner. <br /> <br /> Despite the lush landscape and the promising material at his disposal, Rapp's undistinguished leadership can not bring this game to life with unexpected consequences. The plot follows a well-used pattern with characters that have specific known functions and masks that reveal themselves about who they really are. Verbal or situation comedic effects often fall flat. A bad edition fades the film a bit more with this bad habit of Rapp to cut abruptly many sequences. Even the sincere contribution of the actors in the venture is debatable. They seem to be bored and recite their texts to live them, especially Sandrine Kiberlain. The audience soon becomes trapped in a deep lethargy. <br /> <br /> It is unfortunate to say: Bernard Rapp's films never lived up to his intentions, as demonstrated by "a Petit Jeu sans Conséquence".
