SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLICIT, MALTLY MALTA <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "Siete Almas". I was curious about the original title and, after some research, I discovered that it refers to the Venetian Merchant of Shakespeare, where the usher Shylock establishes a terrible bond with the merchant Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his flesh, in if he is not able to pay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, though cultivated enough not to be perceived by anyone, does so, only in its reference to the flesh, something cold, rational , deeply rooted in the physical side of man. Unfortunately, I believe that the real quality of Ben's plan is revealed in the original title: it is a cold machination, aimed at "donating" parts of his body, but without any authentic human empathy, at least the audience is not given the opportunity. opportunity to see or perceive any pure relationship of souls within the entire film. The only exception is the love story with the girl, which seems to be a kind of unscheduled incident, to which Ben relents, but unable to convey a true emotional implication. I really did not like the central idea of ​​the film: the idea that a person, however, devoured by the pain of the death of his beloved and of other people that he himself has caused, makes the determined decision to expiate his sense of Guilt through suicide: besides being unlikely, it makes no sense. I would have liked it, and I think it would have been more positive if, in the end, Ben had decided to abandon the idea of ​​committing suicide and continue living, thus helping those same people, and perhaps many more, just stand near them. , and helping them through their presence. It would not have miraculously saved their lives, of course: this would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to God's creation in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, is six!): What does it mean? And what about a woman who suffers from a heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, that she can have normal sex with a man who, feeling, as it should be, destroyed by the death of his wife and by have donated? Organs and pieces of your body, do not seem to feel so tested, both emotionally and physically, by their deteriorated condition? The film is saved with a good performance, but everything else is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional point of view.
