If you rent a movie called "Exterminators of the year 3000", it is very likely that you know what you are getting into. I myself was sold by the promising descriptions of "nuclear mutants", "psychomotor" and, of course, the "exterminators" themselves, who, according to the back of the case of the movie store, are all in contact with a sterile post- apocalyptic. wasteland causing all kinds of chaos. Let crazy madmen and the low-budget firm take place, at least, those were my hopes for this "movie". <br /> <br /> Now I like the terrible occasional movie, and if you are reading the comments about Exterminators of the year 3000, you probably do too. That said, I rated this film with a solid "1 (horrible)", not because I totally hated the movie, but because it is one of the most legitimately terrible efforts I've seen in the making of movies. The dialogue, the acting, the cinematography, the sound edition, the general edition, the plot, etc., etc., are worthy of what surely must be low expectations of the spectators given that wonderful title. <Br /> <br /> So, what is really "good" about this bad movie? It has several of what my circle fondly calls "quality kills". A killing of quality, for those few of you who are not familiar with the phrase, is not a difficult and fast term, but in general it refers to someone murdered in a particularly frightening, creative or ridiculous way. <br /> <br /> Exterminators The year 3000 also has a good amount of "dialogues, therefore, it becomes fun", provided in large part by Crazy Bull, the appropriately titled leader of the hapless motor-psycho gang, which, by the way, also provides the majority. Of the quality murders (if you're expecting great things from the nuclear mutants, think again, they have an essentially null role in the movie ... shit!). Crazy Bull, however, is everything you could ask for in a motor-psycho b-movie. All he knows how to say is a paraphrase of Shakespeare and strange insults in the style of PG. <br /> <br /> Despite its quality and its bad dialogue, however, if you are looking for a really entertaining evil The movie, Exterminators of the Year 3000 disappoints a little to that, since its drawing is limited to nonsense and obsolete special effects, quality killings and bad dialogues, it is simply not enough to justify a full duration, mainly due to the forty minutes. Or that is what forces the audience to follow the characters in long and boring "chases" of cars and long sequences of hikes in the desert ... In short, a pretty good movie, but it is not Death Race 2000.
