Jeffrey Combs is a demented scientist whose stem cell research has morphed into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid humanoid hammerhead shark life, hoping to breed a new species using Hunter Tylo's uterus. It will not be easy because Tylo is a tough man and his boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not willing to give up without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two of the business executives Arthur Roberts employees, brilliant minds who know Combs (... a scientist who once worked for Roberts and whose vacancy was to Tylo) in his fortress on the island, where he conducts his research and experiments. This island offers you the opportunity to recruit new victims for your work and your "son". They think it's a professional matter in terms of a breakthrough in stem cell research that could lead to cures for a variety of diseases. Combs' son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy science with him, creating this bloodthirsty creature that eats meat, that can swim and walk on dry land (although, at first, the hammer could only remain out for short periods of time). Tylo was dating Combs' son, hence the connection, plus the two worked for Roberts, who brings with him his trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Also accompanying Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, are his colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs catches them in a conference room, but they can escape to the island when he sends them his well-paid mercenaries and his hammerhead shark son. <br /> <br /> As similar features of sci-fi channel creatures of its kind, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some unattractive computer-generated effects and attacks (... where sharks shatter limbs) are taken in a frantic camera format and quick editing in which you have a hard time seeing any of the following bloody butcheries. It has the vague notion that a person is being eaten (shredded), but the attacks themselves are carried out in a very erratic way that, as you can say, is quite irritating. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, only momentary flashes of an eye or a part of the body that is gnawed while the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We received images of the hammerhead shark swimming towards the screen, all menacing, ready to enjoy the meat. A constant is while (and after) the victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of meat bubbling on the surface of the water (... this is really the main signal of the director Michael Oblowitz to inform the viewer that those who are being torn apart are the goneros). <br /> <br /> Combs does not open new paths as a scientist, but he has always had the ability to transmit calm madness under this cold-blooded resolution. It's fun to see Forsythe in a rare clean-cut hero role, very much against the guy as a genius of electronics (... in his opinion, he really succeeds) who must take a leadership position when the group is Faces an unprecedented danger. Tylo also has a very different role, a scientist who can defend herself quite well. Roberts can play the roles of millionaire businessman while he sleeps, and it's quite nice to see him firing a machine gun at the Combs soldiers (though, his fate is not pleasant). When mentioning that, it was also really entertaining to see Forythe and Tylo shoot down the contracted Combs thugs with machine guns confiscated. As expected, the script allows those who created the killer demon to put themselves in unnecessary danger so they can pay for their sins. I mean, seriously, would these people knowingly leave themselves so vulnerable to attacks after seeing the damage? The human anatomy I could do? Beautiful exotic surroundings is a good backdrop.
