Where the hell are all these unexplored islands where the prehistoric monsters are hiding, the evil doctors carry out their experiments, the madmen hold the last karate championship and the super rich hunt humans for sport? I had no idea that there were still so many unexplored islands, but if you take into account the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a location, you should assume that there are at least 50 of these imbeciles. out there. It always ends up feeling very convenient and I immediately deduct points from any movie that uses this trite device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is conducting experiments on one of these unknown islands, so the film already had a lot to compensate before it started. <br /> <br /> The island in this movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau, but was recently purchased by the same Re-animator, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing cutting-edge research on stem cells, which led him to start working with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If that sounds familiar to you, that's because it's about the same basic configuration as installing smart sharks in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a lot of other Nu Image movies. Apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, which led our crazy doctor to start experimenting with his progeny. He made some sort of super elegant genetic splice and so on, turning his son into a shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe takes a group of unknown actors to the island to investigate the doctor's experiments. If someone had given him a sailor's hat, William would have been a dead man for the Gilligan Island Patron. In the typical form of Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders would be good friends for his son. Not friends, like friends ... friend, like shark food. So he enters the shark child that begins to stalk the patron and his companions throughout the island. They, of course, make half-hearted attempts to escape and are frustrated again and again while being chased by a guy in a man-made rubber shark suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not complete any of the points it lost by taking place on one of those desert islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why do you hit yourself on the head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. This is how this movie is. The only reason to see it is because it feels so good when it's over.
