The "brazen" misadventures of four au pairs arriving in London on the same day in the early seventies. There is a Swedish girl, a Danish girl, a German girl and a Chinese girl. The story manages to take off their clothes, involve them in a bit of Carry On humor and unite them with several misfits of the British film and television culture of the time, including Man About the House star, Richard O'Sullivan, future The rook of Coronation Street Johnny Briggs and the unconditional horror movie Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheikh). There is a fairly high amount of female nudes on display, for those who like that kind of thing (but obviously nothing about hardcore). <br /> <br /> Most of the movie is quite thin and inconsequential; the girls are stereotypes, and the German Anita suffers especially from some kind of infantalizing disorder: she is an imbecile obsessed with color television who acts as a kind of uninhibited and dressed children to deliberately show her private parts; In another more serious film, it would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting section of the film involves the Swedish girl being taken to a club in London, where some dubious guys are still trying to sway, be seduced by a middle-aged rocker, lose their virginity and realize that the scene it's not for her These sequences have some energy and point to a more intriguing film than we have finished, in which the promiscuity and the aftermath of the music business and the upper classes live soulless and sordid lives (there is a big change of John Standing as an impotent public school (roué). The strangest of the stories is that the Chinese girl (the future veteran of the cannibal film Me Me Lay) retires with her child piano employer prodigy, falls in love with each other and then goes to Half the night for no reason, except for some Orientalist notion that "Chinese birds are inscrutable, is not it?" The film is quite demeaning to its female characters and there is a hint of homophobia in the dialogue and One of the characterizations. The ending is surprising, since Mayne's Sheikh for no earthly reason (except that they have to finish the film in some way) takes all the girls to his Arab kingdom to see what It looks like a whole world like a future in the white slave trade, which everyone is delighted with. <br /> <br /> Most things and nonsense back then, but they are handled quite skillfully by the veteran Val Guest, who puts it as a filming piece well above most British sexploitation films of the 70.
