I took this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I had not heard much about it; only that it was a thriller of firm rhythm, digitally filmed with a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next great Brit-Flick. But I have to say that I was very disappointed. "This Is Not A Love Song" follows two criminals who, after shooting and killing the young daughter of a farmer, become entangled in a deadly game of cats and mice when the locals decide to take the matter into their own hands and hunt them down . <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of the style about the substance in a British movie. The angles of the camera and editing are totally at odds with the story, as are the most important performances and the atrocious use of slow motion, which only serves to make everything look like an expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to make the film look tense and rough, which instead appears as hilarious and exaggerated (Cue a pathetic, compulsory scene of drugs and innumerable and useless camera zooms). No amount of clichés like this can disguise the fact that this is a pretty bad story. <br /> <br /> We've seen this kind of thing many times before, and we've done a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman. "Liberación" masterful But while in the last movie, we really cared about the characters, in this movie, I realized that I just wanted to be chased and killed as soon as possible. Even this would not have been so bad if his adversaries had been frightening or valuable, but instead, they are nothing more than a collection of stereotyped and innate-looking country people. Again, another offensive and abused topic comes to the fore. Surely there are some nice people in the country, filmmakers? <br /> <br /> In his defense, "This Is Not A Love Song" contains a couple of good moments of suspense, but it is difficult to see this movie. Anything other than going directly to the video or, on impulse, get a very limited movie premiere. It is not a patch from the movie "Soldiers of Dogs" that was hunted in last year's low budget program. Maybe British Cinema could start again if the right money stopped going to the wrong people.
