To understand where this 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN comes from, consider the following: Barbra Streisand sings her final number in a close-up of seven minutes and forty seconds, followed by another freezing frame of two and a half minutes from Ms. Streisand, that resembles a pose similar to that of Christ, behind the final credits. More than ten uninterrupted minutes of the distinctive center of Barbra's image, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. That could be some kind of film record. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: the plot of this musical revolves around a love story between two musical superstars, however, while Streisand's songs are performed in full - including the endless ending - his star Kris Kristofferson can not complete a single song he plays. Neither, although she allows him to provide a bit of support for a couple of his songs, do they really sing a duet? <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears in the credits at least six times, including taking credit for the "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her wardrobe), and she also supposedly wanted to, but he also failed to obtain the credit co-direction. One of his credits was as an executive producer, with a producer credit that went to his then boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why she is so obsessed with skewing the film in her direction. What does not explain is why, given every opportunity to make The Great Diva look good, his efforts only make Streisand look bad. Although this was one of Streisand's biggest blockbusters, it could be said to be his worst film and contains his worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, move Hollywood melodrama to the world of sex, drugs and rock. 'n'roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom, who shares the fast lane for a while with John Norman Howard of Kristofferson, a hard rocker who heads to the exit ramp to Has- beenville. In previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices her career as a leader to help newcomer "Vicky Lester" achieve her success. In the seventies feminists, Streisand & Co. want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man, so the trajectory is biased; she will succeed with or without him and he is almost at the bottom of scene one; He is a burden that she must endure in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the protagonist not only harder, but almost ruthless, while her lover is presented as an imbecile prey. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson goes through the movie with a credible indifference towards the material; making a small attempt to give a great performance, and strangely serves his character well aimlessly and apathetic. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show a single moment of honesty in all his time on the screen. Everything she does seems, if not too rehearsed, at least too controlled. Even his apparent ad libs seem uncomfortably premeditated and his moments of supposedly cold mechanical hysteria. The two have no chemistry, which makes the central story of love totally unbelievable. One might suppose that her character sees in her a symbol of her youth and her innocence, although at age 34, Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he could offer her is that she can exploit it as a faster route to stardom. And, in fact, if the film had had the guts to interpret the material in that way, to make Streisand's character openly become an exploitative villain, the film could have had a spark and perhaps a reason to exist. <br /> <br /> But I suppose the filmmakers actually see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they do not seem to be aware of how cold and self-absorbed she is. But sensitivity is not one of the film's strengths: note the small joke of giving Barbra two African-American backup singers just so the film can enjoy the racism of calling the trio The Oreos. And the film points out that Esther retains her ethnic identity using her name of Hoffman, but the filmmakers have changed the character's name from the previous films of "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand does not feel overwhelmed. a name that is too Jewish or unattractive. Much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The backstage of stabbing and backbiting that came with the film's release is almost legendary, so the fact that the film looked so polished is remarkable. The nominal director, Frank Pierson, seems to have delivered the raw material for a good movie, with considerable help from cinematographer Robert Surtees. And the film served its purpose, producing an album of decent pop music soundtracks (including the "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Oscar-winning Streisand). But in general, the film turned out to be the only thing that, according to Streisand, said he did not want it to be a vanity project.
