I think that at the bottom of the darkest and thinnest part of his heart, everyone likes Jerry Springer a little. While its program is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us the opportunity to see that, relatively speaking, most of us have it really well. When you look at the park trailer, the dollar whiskey, the incest that loves people in the Springer show, it makes even your worst day look like a walk in the park. Jerry is doing a public service, and we should be grateful. He abandoned a political career to present the program, just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful for in any way is the piece of the garbage film "Ringmaster". "Ringmaster" shows what life is like for people who end up being invited to the program, or at least they would like us to think about it. The film follows the previous line of Springer's story: Triangles of love. A triangle involves Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other involves Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two unfortunate groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives intertwine and clash head-on, culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It's like what "Short Cuts" would be if Robert Altman had had a severe crack habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is true to the show, as it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. I am also very happy that I do not live in the misery that the characters do. But the movie has a problem. It is considered a comedy, but it is not very funny. The laughs you have are few and far between. Maybe some people see this and laugh without stopping. If you think that blowjobs and rapes are fun, well, then I guess you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in awe of the frightening horrors of white trash life. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer Show is not meant to make the leap. TV to the silver screen. What's funny in a one-hour show (less, when commercials are counted) will not necessarily be fun in a ninety-minute movie. Movies have to tell a story, and that's something else that "Ringmaster" has problems with. The story is threadbare. There are so many gaps in the plot and errors of continuity that any attempt to tell a cohesive narrative is quickly repaired. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun can you draw from a history of stereotyped people in a stereotyped story? Even the Hollywood formula could not do this better. "Ringmaster: it's so bad that it even ruins the best part of Springer's show: the final thought ... Somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show ended up blowing louder than the dirty women the film is based on. <Br /> <br /> The worst offender in all this is the Springer himself, he's such a bad actor that he can not even interpret himself convincingly.To see Springer play Springer is sad. "What would happen if Woody?" Allen interpreted Jerry Springer's vibe and failed ... Miserable, he took the trouble to produce this disaster, the least he can do is try to do it much better. <br /> <br /> No is that I'm saying that everyone else in this movie got a performance worthy of a prize, just the opposite, everybody stinks, it's no wonder nobody in this movie has achieved greatness, the best they did was Molly Hagan who got a trab Garlic, a Nickelodeon comedy. Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem in hiring a woman who starred in the vilest film of the '9 0's to star in a children's program. It makes you wonder what kind of things other adults have done in that channel in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of people with no respect of their own and a man with money to burn, who have gathered and gathered their resources to produce a film that shows what They hate themselves and how little they think about the intelligence of their audience. Should we accept people who make films that treat us like goos lumps with serious brain damage? I say no. Somewhere, in this crazy and confusing world, there is a perfect movie for each one of us. We just have to keep looking for it. Until next time, take care of you and your loved ones. And never look "master of ceremonies".
