I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've seen in my life. The movie would be better if it were, because at least the worst movie I've seen in my life (Prom Night II) interested me enough to hate her. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes had passed. It seemed much more like years. It's an endless repetition of poor people (or what Jerry Springer seems to think are poor people), they screw themselves, they hit each other, they insult each other and then they repeat the process with the same attention that the rest of us use. when shampooing The plot, which deals with how a group of stupid people stain their lives bad enough to provide grain for Jerry Springer's mill, advances only because of the idiocy of the characters. This makes it impossible to worry about what happens to them. I never cared if they were in the program, or what they said, or who slept with whom. Maybe I'm not supposed to worry about them. Maybe I'm supposed to see them as a type of comic, to see their outrageous behavior as intrinsically funny. Too bad it is not. Humor is not outrageous. It's innocuous It's predictable Humor has to have something behind, some kind of painful irony or life experience to function. Eschatology is not ingenuity. An example. A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. To get revenge, she marches through the trailer park and gives oral sex to her daughter's boyfriend. Since I finished the shock of Jerry Springer's program a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had with Andrew Dice Clay's obscene rhymes; Do not laugh, just yawn. Finally, I found Springer's position as a boring and unconvincing populist. If he really were an advocate for the poor, he would bring in a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about how to raise her children in New York City with $ 12,000 a year. Or, failing that, it would at least give its participants a cut in their profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his movie, his book and his videos. Your guests only receive round-trip air tickets, hotel accommodation and the opportunity to humble themselves. If he liked the poor so much, he would give them at least part of the money they earn for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this movie to get some legitimacy for himself. God, with all your good work, you would think that he would have earned our respect. Anyway, the movie is weak and boring. It does not even succeed in being offensive. If you want to have a better evening, record a zapper bug for one night and then look at that.
