The Vampire Bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore), the Burgermeister, has a meeting with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) of the local police on all recent murders, six victims have been discovered during many weeks, all drained of blood and with the same two puncture wounds in the neck. Brettschneider does not have a single clue, but the superstitious elders of the village believe that the deaths are the work of a vampire. Bret desafío is not inicial, but the scared villa promover keeps telling stories about having seen a great bat, desafío, the last victim, Martha M infección (Rita Carlyle hagan), was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible and if so, how will he stop it? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer The vampire bat was a prize from Majestic Pictures to capitalize on the success of its two stars, Atwill & Wray and its success in previous years, Doctor X (1932) and it is more of a murder mystery than a horror, since the exploitative and attractive title may have an advantage. You to believe and frankly it's pretty boring. The script by Edward T. Lowe Jr. takes it quite seriously and sets the basic story that something is killing the local villagers and that something could be a vampire. Then, for most of its duration, the film focuses on Brettschneider and his incompetent investigations that are, so as not to put a point too fine, boring. The Vampire Bat also has a little identity crisis, since it does not know what it wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie, while most could easily be described as a thriller with the last minutes descending to silly science fiction. There is no Vampire Bat, attempts to deceive you are pathetic, all characters are broad stereotypes and you can tell the villain of the piece immediately and, in general, there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about The Vampire Bat. I know he's old, but that's not an excuse, since cinema has moved a lot since 1933 and a flat, flat, boring, deceptive and deceptive movie like The Vampire Bat, just do not cut it these days, just look at the Original King Kong (1933) launched the same year and how bright it still stands today. I did not like it and I doubt that many of the modern viewers do, it's as simple and direct as that. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does not do anything special, but this is a case in which I can reduce the slackness of the film due to his age, in general it is quite punctual, shoot and expect the best things. There is not much in terms of atmosphere or fears, although some of the sets that already existed taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and the European set of Universal on the back are nice and add a certain atmosphere to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, The Vampire Bat can not be compared to anything remotely modern, because of its age, it's fine, I suppose, but once again I call your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, the star Fay Wray has a role in this, like the horror icon Lionel Atwill, I'll be nice and say the acting is fine. <br /> <br /> The vampire bat I imagine cheating many people think is a horror movie about vampire bats, when in fact it is not, I personally thought that everything was a bit boring. It's short and it's quite reasonable, but I must admit that I'm not a fan.
