At the beginning of this film, the director Mary Harron apparently had the objective of clearly documenting the progress of Bettie Page's career, from the first days of modeling to leaving the model to return home after the Senate Audiences on Juvenile Delinquency and its religious rediscovery in the 50s, and so the intention is for it to get all these data on the screen in the time allowed, it seems that a moment has been lost to explain something in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who had the career of Page, you would think there would be a lot to discuss, their reasons, decisions, life events, personal traumas, but Harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character . In the first fifteen minutes or so of the movie, there are brief indications of child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape, but all of these are rushed and then never referred to again. It gives you the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to overlook anything that was not glamorous and flattering. You enter this movie hoping to get an idea of ​​who was the person behind the posters, but all you are given is a list of things he did and recreations of some of his most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> In general, the movie really frustrates you as you look, desperately hoping that some additional layer will be revealed. How did you balance your religion with your work? What made this young woman from Tennessee move from modeling to bondage photography. The film simply shows that she went to another modeling agency and put what was told, but surely it would have involved some surprise and deliberation, this was after all the 50s. <br /> <br /> I think that Harron is trying to make an observation about how docile all this is by today's standards (Page never took pictures of explicit sexual actions) and how the reaction that some gave to this kind of thing was really overly enthusiastic. And although this is True, it never really makes him look sordid in the eyes of others. Today we see a young woman posing topless and we do not think about anything, but we should have had some kind of feeling about how shocking it would have been for a contemporary audience. This woman was a central part of a Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but nobody is really surprised. <br /> <br /> Basically, I left this movie just thinking about how easy it was. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid anything that may be unpleasant to a viewer. They look like two lifelong Miss Page fans and are desperate to make sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, can throw a bad light on their heroine, and therefore, they have avoided any deep inquiry about who she really was. (Before and after his career, there are reports of his violent nature and mental problems). And all that remains are the events that shaped his career, without any substance behind it.
