On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old woman, small and plump, was put on trial for the attempted murder of Leonie Haddad, a woman whose husband had recently died and had agreed to take a tenant who came from an authority of housing for the elderly. Haddad did not learn that her new tenant, in fact, had recently arrived from Patton State Mental Hospital, where she had been imprisoned for an inexplicable knife attack on a couple married three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotten in Denmark" when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder that recited prophecies about "the seven gods". Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when he woke up and found his guest sitting astride his chest with a bread knife announcing that "God has inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to knock out his attacker with a telephone, but not before she lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations on her face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. The tenant was judged innocent because of the madness but sent, kicking and screaming, back to the academy laughing. Ten years later she was released and discovered that she was now a celebrity; but not because of the brutal attacks on its innocent victims, but because of its incarnation 25 years earlier, when it was known as the 'Queen of the Curve', 'Tennessee Tease' and 'Miss Pin Up Girl of the World' - the notorious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, best known for 'American Psycho', takes us back to the glory days of a legendary model of cheesecake and slavery (played solidly enough by Gretchen Mol) who wrote inadvertently the blue drawing for the fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comics to catwalks. TNBP is a fun day-trip through an evocative 1950s representation, where Page, with the family help of well-meaning boyfriends and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket-sized "glossies" with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her true dream of film stardom evades her, and a brush with the authorities over the charges of obscenity in 1957 is the inciting incident that leads her to retire from modeling and surrender to God. The general style of the film is light and sparkling and only darkens momentarily with an allusion to the incestuous attentions of his father and a sexual assault that inexplicably seems to have no discernible effect on her. Mol plays Page as he seems in his photographs, happy, carefree and funny, even the shots of slavery betray little more than an incomprehensibility of good humor. The film ends with optimism and Page happily delivers the bibles in a park without signs of unhappy marriages of real life, personal tragedy and decency in the murderous madness that was presented before her; Avoid what I think is the essential core of Page's story: rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Coming out of a decade of imprisonment, Page found that his cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and that he had become a great underground icon, during which many asked " whatever happened to Bettie Page. " His "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fire of any number of conspiracy theories that only added to the charm of his legend. When the world's media finally caught up with her, she gave no hint of her darker past and soon gave interviews for magazines, TV and photography at Playboy parties with artists like Pamela Anderson and the equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She discovered that she was now more famous than ever in her 'glory years', but in the glow of this 'resurrection' it was only a matter of time before the whole story came to light. <br /> <br /> The only notorious thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they left aside the part that became really notorious.
