"The 700 Club" has to be the most intolerant television show in the history of television. To make matters worse, it has been on the air since 1966, implying that thousands, if not millions, of people are buying into their hatred and lies. Directed by Pat Robertson, the megalomaniac and unscrupulous founder of the Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" takes us from misinformation to misunderstanding, broadcasting "news" when they like to think and trying to convince their audience that the problems of world are the guilty of homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and anyone else who does not share Your fanatical religious Opinions. Actually, they are the best fake news from "The Daily Show" or the segment "Weekend Update" from "Saturday Night Live", or from "FOX News", for that matter. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision, saying whatever comes to mind and not caring who he offends or hurts. Meanwhile, he continues his part in the struggle to transform the United States into a militarized police state by making the Wrong Religious put his nose in everything he can and asking for one donation after another: nothing less than $ 100 to become a member, by the way, to finance Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies suppressed by the government in the past for their environmental abuse. No, it does not matter that Pat was a good friend of the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire such wealth; It's all for the greater glory of God, do not you know? And, of course, the hosts of "The 700 Club" are always willing to read the lyrics "written by the viewers" as they like to put them, coincidentally each written in the same format and all in the same color of the paper of the " spectators "supposedly healed of various afflictions on the part of the hosts (they say that they have received" words of knowledge ") but that they NEVER APPEAR in the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can someone take a program seriously when using a bad applause? I should make people wonder why there is no audience in the studio. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that Pat's friends and viewers do not realize or just DO NOT WANT to realize are the horrible things he has done and said. This is a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 in the United States were the result of God punishing us for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, considering that Pat has twice publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have little doubt that it was his wealth that prevented him from being arrested for such statements. His cries against homosexuals, single mothers and any number of sexual practices that he considers "sinful" are interesting, considering that he was known to frequent several brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat. Thanks to you, there are probably a number of children born to Korean single mothers. Then, of course, the moment came when he asked for the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget soon the moment when this "crusader for human life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" about him, would not you say? <br /> <br /> And in case Pat has forgotten, I have not forgotten his little speech that evangelical Christians today are being treated exactly like Jews. in Nazi Germany. "Honestly, comparing your" situation "with the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unforgivable ... Speaking of which, should I mention how he blatantly lied that homosexuality ran rampant among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? "Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted towards homosexuals in the same way that they acted towards the Jews." Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history: if he were Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe in him every day.This is your wake-up call, people; "The 700 Club" is one of the vilest, if not the simplest, programs in the TV story: It's evil disguised as good, it's a wolf in sheep's clothing, it's intolerant mud that tries to look clean, beautiful and loving, it's living proof that odious religious opinions and are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that it goes against everything Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared in this "club", he would not be emulating them. Instead, he would punish them as he did the Pharisees of his time and dump the money containers of their telethons as he did in front of the synagogue in his day. All I can say is thank God that Pat had no chance to become president; if he did, it would be the omen of Armageddon, and not on the side of the good.
