I do not think there was a more perverse or perverse television program in the United States like The 700 Club. They are today's equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan of the twentieth century. His hatred of all that is good, sweet, human and pure is beyond all ability to understand. His constant daily attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of humans around the world, who do not share his intolerant, cruel, monstrous and utterly insane view of humanity, is beyond what television has viewed. The lies they emit and the ridiculous lies they try to convey as truth, like the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "the devil" are so absurd that they really seem to be mentally ill, so Lost are in your fantasy. Healthy people know that religion is a drug and should not be allowed to be addicted to that kind of fantasy. However, the Club 700 is in a class by itself. They are truly a cult. While I believe in freedom of expression, its way of spreading hatred, lies, misinformation and those fantastic ideas is beyond all limits. I hope that one day, the American Psychiatric Association will finally begin to study people who are deceived in this way, who let themselves sink so deeply into the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality. . The treatment for such afflicted individuals is very necessary in this country, since many people have lost their heads because of the fantasy of religion. The 700 Club, however, is even more horrible as it rises to the legal definition of "cult," but because of the Club 700's vast wealth (conned daily from the millions of Americans trapped in its deception), they are by over the law in this country. . For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix", you know that the movie was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil ones who are at the top of each of the religions that deplete those that have trapped and mistreated cruelly for their own selfish purposes, and those millions who are held in a mortal dream and who are slowly running out of strength in their lives represent those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all capacity to perceive what really It is happening around you. <br /> <br /> In less civil times, the good settlers would have run monsters like those associated with Club 700 outside the city with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world, where people have lost all the television options that are presented to them, we have no way of getting rid of the plague of the Club 700. <br /> <br /> The television rating system and the "V" chip on televisions must also have a classification called "R" for religion, so that rational people and interested parents can easily detect such vile brutal and intellectual emotional violation, such as those presented by The 700 Club every day throughout our country, of themselves and their children.
