It's been years since Don Wilson used his martial arts experience to knock down a robot that was programmed to destroy him, he's also married to the blonde journalist (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first movie, now there's a new conspiracy in the works, one that involves similar droids that frames our two heroes, and a corporation that seeks to govern the world (there is no plot to support any of this) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual repetition of the first movie. I admit that I bought bargain DVDs that were made by PM, PM was a company that specialized in cheap action movies (like this one) that had tons of explosions, a little story and, in general, nothing but an edge action sharp. Some of these titles have been (mildly) pleasant (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper) however, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 has been stuck with the casting of Don Wilson without charisma. When comparing the protagonists of similar PM efforts, both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are nominated for an Oscar compared to Don Wilson. Another telltale sign is that this was directed by Richard Pepin, who does not have the talent that Joseph Merhi seems to have in crafting action sequences that feel much more expensive than his budgets. Then again, although C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a scam with a capitol R, there are so many thefts of best movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal soldier even on Halloween III!) That it's almost as if Richard Pepin was trying to instill a sense of identity to the Sin However, the pedestrian material without the smart ideas or, at least, the carefree zipper of a great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 collapses. Literally, there is not a good idea that it has not been taken from a better movie and that the cast of support acts in excess. The only exception comes from Tony Burton, which is much better than the material. It also seems that Stacie Foster could be better with much better material. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is presented mainly as noisy, tasteless and mediocre as its protagonist, however, without real sequences of martial arts to turn to, all there is is a lot of cars that turn over and that only it is not a substitute for the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4- (poor)
