When they killed the character of John Amos, they killed the show. It was the vital part of the information structure. You had a story of a family from inside the city struggling to make it the best way they knew how to do it. They were poor, they were black and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too difficult. Sure James would lose jobs and JJ would fail at school, but the family always found a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male model who earned the income and disciplined the children. Florida was the strong lady with whom everyone, including James, would need a shoulder to cry or a hug to do it. The children had personalities and contributions that made them important as a family unit. Her neighbor, Willona, ​​was also a key element because she represented not only a friend, but some people loved enough to be a family. Things were bright, gritty, fun and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still Mom, Thelma was becoming a lady and Michael was still the militant dwarf, but JJ was the show. We were expected to believe that the fatherless or prominent breadwinner family could remain in the apartment. I guess James' salary did not do much for the family. They only threatened to evict them because they said they were moving and not because nobody in the house was working. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael finally got work, but come here for real. James worked so hard you could feel it for him, but the others were not realistic at all and that's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was the comic relief, but I felt that the show needed substance. It's good to be fun, but they had the opportunity to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world, and they threw it all aside with some laughter. The character of Michael almost disappeared, while the rest of the cast slipped into the shadows of JJ Evan's show. I mean, really, here was a guy who was failing at school, he was still fired and he was painting for money in about two episodes. James had always been there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did it take you so long to understand that painting was the right thing to do? ? He could have sold paintings on the street or worked for people who print posters and cards. (He did, but something went wrong with that). Why did not he achieve it and why did others renounce his dreams? I'll tell you why, it was because they did not have a father in their life to care for them and encourage them and their mother stopped being theirs to support their dreams. The program stopped teaching us about growth, construction and learning and began to teach us about tricks and help phrases. They should have kept James. If any show needed a father, it was that.
