What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little film history (almost none). Every time someone comes with a slightly more ambitious film project? Apart from the usual dramas about families of farmers with difficulties or the long slapstick movies of local comedians? Everyone feels obligated to love him and is even responsible for spreading favorable reviews across the borders of countries. This is especially the case when the writer / director of this particular film is already the love of a nation, because he is also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is not, in any way, a bad movie, but it is definitely overrated (if that is possible within the limits of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new remotely original to offer. This is basically the Flemish version of classic films like "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily lives initially seem unrelated but eventually come together at the end. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at the beginning is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but gradually the deepest relationships between them become transparent and approach the climax that everyone gathers for a party. The main problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least according to his, is in the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and, honestly, they do not experience anything that can be considered out of the ordinary. It was probably the intention of the writer / director Tom Barman to represent the average and habitual inhabitant of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is the point? One of the characters is dismissed from his work as a film projectionist, another is an unsuccessful novelist who fights a marital crisis, two brothers recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" of all is followed by the wind wherever he goes. There are a couple of other characters who walk regularly on the screen, but it's worth mentioning them. These people simply turn again and again on very random topics (such as life in the 80s, the dates and bowel movements of each) and philosophy on issues that nobody cares about. Some of the dialogues evoke slight giggles, especially the interactions between the two boys of Ghent in their twenties, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an extensive and versatile musical documentary. There are several elegant and elegant tourist images of Antwerp and there is always a beautiful music that plays, either very strong or subtle in the background. In general, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is an effort made with style and style, but too mundane and a bit boring, and I honestly wonder if most of their fans would have bothered to see if it was not a flamenco production.
