This movie was choppy, incoherent and artificial. It was also an extremely petty portrait of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (that's a stretch), and because the cover said Andie McDowell was acting like a storm. She was not there I'm a girl, I saw this movie with two guys and we spent an hour later, exclaiming how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: PLOT SUMMARY BELOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a fairly well-worn plot about an older woman confronting a younger man, faced with the severe disapproval of her two jealous girlfriends. They want him to marry a bored guy of his age who is in love with her. But she is so happy with her overexposure dog that she encourages them to put up with it and, in effect, decides to marry the boy. But his harpy girlfriend, helped by one of the most foolish, prepares a plan to trick our heroine into thinking that the guy is cheating on her. Works. She has a fight with him, he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (Do you remember the title of the movie?) So now he is dead, two-thirds of the way through the movie. And although our heroine is a school principal who spends her time looking after the girls, she apparently forgot to use birth control and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> She has already broken relations with her friends, because they did not provide much support. Alone and regrettable, she decides to marry the bored uncle. Did I mention that the bored guy who loves her is a minister? She had asked him to marry the young man (well, eh?), But now she tells him to marry him, and apparently he has no objection to being killed this way. But her friends rescue her from the altar and take her to her home, where they do not confess that they were responsible for the love of her life when they were suffocated. She has the child In the final scene, they leave him in a crib inside his house while they go out on the porch to drink, smoke and show off. I'm not kidding, it's so bad. I put aside the part about the fake cancer trail and the ridiculous lesbian moment of the harpy.
