I almost left, but I paid my money and my friend, almost so disgusted, wanted to put up with it. After the endearing innocence of "A New Hope" and the exciting sophistication of "The Empire Strikes Back", I remember waiting for the "Return of the Jedi" with almost painful anticipation. But from the opening scene of this commercially insulting sewage, I was bitterly disappointed and I became infuriated with Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination demonstrates undeniably that he does not have a subatomic particle of shame in his cold and greedy heart. The episode would continue to reinforce this fact: your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but first send the garbage bags to the jurors). <br /> <br /> From the first door lift at Jabba's Lair, this "movie" was nothing more than a commercial for more than two hours for so many licensed and for-profit action figures that Lucas could poke in it: the guards in the shape of a pig, the unusual braggart of meat, that vile Muppet-pet of Jabba's, the new and recycled figures of cabaret, the monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. Then there were the Ewoks unpleasantly cute and marketable. Stack all the aliens of the rebel alliance. Fifteen seconds each on screen (or less) and children only GOTTA have one for their collection. The brazen and exploitative financial bait of children is nauseating. <br /> <br /> Lucas did not even bother to devise a new plot: he simply exhumed the Death Star of "A New Hope" and launched himself on a ship loaded with cheap sentiment. What a frightful slap in the face to his fans. I can not deny the idea that Lucas had a wicked pleasure in inflicting this abyss on his fans: "I have these lemmings hooked so badly that I can tear out the worst piece of stinking and putrid garbage I could imagine, and they will flock to the theaters to In addition, all children whine and torture their parents until they buy the children a complete collection of action figures of each incidental, caricature, incidental and undeveloped caricature, which I placed in it. of each of them, it will make me even more obscenely rich. " <br /> <br /> There may have been an insignificant, partial handful of redeemed moments in this miserable scam. I seem to remember that Harrison Ford barely managed to keep his nose on the surface of this cesspit. But whatever small bright spots may exist, they are massively eliminated by the offensive commercialism Lucas embraced so vividly in this total and absolute sale for profit.
