Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare begins when the dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) outside Springwood with no memory of himself, who he is or why he is there. The local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where the child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him, she finds a newspaper clipping in his pocket that takes them both to Elm Street in Springwood, where they discover that there is no live children. And therefore there are no victims for Freddy to kill anyone. It turns out that it is a plan drawn up by Freddy to find his daughter and use her to escape from Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy depends on her and some children decide that they have to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talalay, this was done with the intention of be the last A Nightmare on The Elm Street movie, which at that time had reached the age of five, of course, as fans of horror movies know, if there is still money from a franchise or a character, there is no way in hell Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare would be the last one that, of course, was not. The A Nightmare on Elm Street series has been a diminishing returns franchise as the movies lost quality as the series progressed until we got here and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which for my money is probably the worst of all. The film moves at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it is so silly, childish and feels like a kind of real-action caricature with some horror scenes that seem a million miles from the original suspense and effective early The 80s by Wes Craven. The sequence in which the fool Spencer is trapped inside a video game that is being played by Freddy is terrible on its own, but then they give us shots of his body actually bouncing around the house from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling , What is the most important. ridiculous thing that I've seen in a long time, or maybe in the first scenes in which the child John Doe falls from a plane to the ground as the cartoon character of Coyote in the Road Runner cartoons or the absurd view of Freddy that threatens the deaf Carlos with pins that he tries to throw to the ground to make a loud noise or when he finally kills him by scraping his knives on a blackboard. You can not take this seriously and I was sitting there, not quite believing what I was seeing. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero receives a secret and powerful special weapon, yes, it's a pair of 3-D cardboard glasses! The characters are poor, the dialogue is bad and the plot is confusing, it does not adhere to the continuity of Elm Street and, in general, the film is a little messy, the best I can say is that it has quite a bit of involuntary humor and you can certainly laugh at him. <br /> <br /> The movie has big tonal problems, since it tries to be dark, terrifying and sinister, but it is so silly and it seems ridiculous at times that any attempt to be serious falls completely flat. There is not much blood in this, there are some fingers cut, some stabs, someone falls on a bed of nails and that's it. The body count is extremely low here with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare were filmed in 3-D, although the version I saw presented this part normally, so I can not comment on how well it works or not, but you can definitely see shots that should be see in 3-D that take advantage of the process. The special effects vary, some are pretty good actually, while others are terrible and Freddy's burnt makeup this time seems pretty poor. <br /> <br /> This apparently had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had a weekend box box) $ 12,000,000 office shot) and the movie has some nice visual touches that make the thing feel even more caricatured than it already is. The acting is really poor of the main ones, although there are some strange cameos like Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and the rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of all The series and apart from a value of unintentional laughter there is not much here to recommend or enjoy. The fans of the series probably like it and defend it, but for me this is the furthest thing from Wes Craven's classic surprise. Followed by New Nightmare (1994), which tried to take Freddy Krueger and the series to a new and different direction.
