Actually, they do not, but they certainly did when they tried to think of a single line that adequately sums up how terrible this entry in the series really is. There were some moments that could have been good, but their conversion into lost opportunities outweigh it, and they do not make me start with the bad ones. <br /> <br /> The missed opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll recap them here in case anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen the movie and who has actually taken a raffle would be advised to stop reading at this time. The first opportunity, and potentially the biggest, wasted, was the plot with the lost son of Freddy. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddy seems to suffer (and I hasten to add that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to other people, at least in this sense) is HEREDITARY, so why not a slasher type mystery? In which the character of Lisa Zane dreams of Freddy murdering the teenagers, only that later we will discover that she is the one who is killing everyone? Do you think it's a good plot idea? Obviously, he was above the bosses of Talalay and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there is the trip to Springfield, where the entire adolescent population has been eliminated, and the remaining adults are experiencing a kind of mass psychosis. Interestingly, this massive psychosis was represented in a realistic and convincing way, although this has a lot to do with the fact that it never shows too much. They simply give us quick visual clues of the massive loss of connection to reality that would result from the grief of every young person in the city dying for reasons that go beyond one's understanding and control. The essential problem with this element of the plot, however, is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would have been much more spooky with ten minutes of ... a healthy citizen who explains to these visitors why the Springfield Fair looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror movies are never mentioned for the development of their character, unless they are the kind of horror films that John Carpenter used to direct, but how are we supposed to worry when the characters that we know almost nothing die? At least Wes Craven took the time to configure his characters in the original, and used some cheap tricks to attract the audience. That, in a nutshell, is probably the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: it just does not try. All, leave it hard enough. <br /> <br /> On a related note, I feel something about Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inextricably linked to Freddy's character. He has played much better characters in much better productions (the science fiction miniseries "V", for example), and to be remembered forever as "the man who played Freddy" is selling him quite a lot. It seems that it will never break the mold of horror movies now. As for the rest of the cast, well, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be permanently pigeonholed as little more than accessories of terror of degree B. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this unharmed, since his character is one of the most childish written in the history of the films of series B. <br /> < In general, Freddy's Dead takes a 1 of me. I would vote lower, but the IMDb does not allow it. FD is really a testimony of how the inability of a writer to exploit a concept to the maximum extent can ruin not only a movie, but a whole franchise.
