* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that it might have been a bit too harsh in this movie. That's why I decided to do something I had never done before. Check the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's boring, and I still think that zombies do not seem to be so zombies. The story of the film is still in my opinion, weak and quite boring. The story is about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who is simply working on a serum thing that cures diseased cells, in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly in the best of terms (mi mi , an original point of the plot) and discuss a lot. One day, Germaine is shot in a gunfight, and Rick calls his scientific friend to bring the serum to try to revive Germaine (while most people would have called 911, but anyway), the serum naturally fails and Germaine dies. "(if that had not happened, there would not have been a movie), after the police and the examining magistrate (until the end of time I will still think that maybe the paramedics should have appeared) leave the scene shows the camera of the investigative judge (which I still believe was only someone's van with a "forensic" sticker thrown on the side), and Germaine comes back to life to attack and kill the paramedics, I would talk more about the plot, but I think If I reveal more about the story, I do not want to see it (and we would not want that now, right?), but suffice it to say that the story (in my opinion at least) snakes and is quite slow (it's not meant to be a play on words) As I said earlier in my review, zombies do not look so much like zombies, I still think they seem to have been in a bar fight, but that does not mean that everyone should be in decay and all that, but even so there should be fewer brands of m Ordinary in the victims. Also, I still do not like the fact that the directors continually change the rate at which the zombies move. It really does not seem like they can decide whether to make the zombies run or fall apart (as most zombie movies do), do not get me wrong, I'm in favor of the zombies that run, but they decide the people. In one scene, the zombie runs towards the living, and in the other he only confuses them. And sometimes they just do not seem credible (yes, I know their fictitious creatures, but still), of course I mean the zombie who takes his hand to the wall as if he were walking through a dark room, and still not I make. I do not like the zombie that is lying on the ground, it is shot and then it is shaken as if it had just been shot. The sound in the film also bothered me, mainly the music, which while it might have been simply my copy of the movie seemed practically non-existent. Music in a movie is important people. Especially when sound editing sounds like the director takes a camcorder of friends and shoots a small movie of zombies. The acting is still atrocious (in my opinion) and is on par with the American "actors" of the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The movie is still bad, almost the Casa de los Muertos is bad, it's better, there's no doubt about that, but that does not mean much either. It's not the worst movie that exists, and it's better than many direct movies for videos that are available, but at the end of the day they were not good. I also think that the movie moves really slow, even though it only lasts an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). This is the kind of film that I think can be released on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I'm forced to give this movie debacle one out of ten. But think about it this way, at least it's not negative.
