I found this movie on the shelf under "new releases" and found that the idea of ​​a hip-hop zombie movie was too interesting to pass up. That's how it was billed in the box, anyway, and I thought, "What a great idea!" In addition, there is also a "Welcome to Oakland" sign on the cover. How could I resist? Unfortunately, the hip-hop part only lasted as long as the opening theme. Neither hip-hop music nor hip-hop culture played a role in the film. Having lived in Oakland, I know there are many aspiring hip-hop artists, so the low budget of this movie was not an excuse for not having an adequate soundtrack. Any number of artists with difficulties would have taken the opportunity to contribute to this film. The reason why the Quiroz brothers did not take advantage of this overcomes me. <br /> <br /> Once the film started to roll, it was a completely typical zombie movie with a cast that turned out to be completely black and Latin. I might think that this would put an unusual tilt in the movie ... but it was not like that. Somehow, the vision of the "urban culture" of the Quiroz brothers is reduced to shootings and throwing a bomb F in each line of the film. The quick use of the word "fuck" is probably the most distinctive feature of this movie; there were individual lines that contained the word three or four times, and no line did not contain it at least once. I'm not at all apprehensive about swearing in a movie, but the feeling here was that it was the result of a lack of ideas on the part of the writers (also the Quiroz brothers), and the script was generally very poor. br /> <br /> The movie was generally a disappointment. It would have been interesting to see a zombie movie genuinely of "urban culture", but "Hood of the Living Dead" does not comply with that. The characters in the film could have been white or Eskimo or something else. There was not a distinct taste to the movie. It's just another low-budget, low-energy movie with bad acting, bad writing, amateur directing, bland cinematography, a cheap soundtrack and nothing at all to recommend it.
