In Vivah, by director Sooraj Barjatya, Shahid Kapur, a Delhi boy in his twenties, is beaten by the demure little town girl his father has chosen to marry. Attracted by her innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees with the marriage just moments after having met her at her house in Madhupur, and the young woman in question Amrita Rao seems equally surprised by her charming suitor. The marriage is arranged for six months later, and the couple is in the first stage of young and budding love, despite their geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and aunt after the death of her parents, suffers a horrible calamity a few hours before marriage. And then, it's up to Shahid to interpret the honorable mistress and embrace her unconditionally. In the same vein as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, the new Barjatya Vivah film is also, on one level, a family drama with an extremely idealistic character. premise. But, unfortunately, the plot of this new movie looks too old-fashioned, even more unlikely than the regressive soaps of Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear? you simply can not relate to characters so clean that they do not have a bad bone in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Hindi movies, and timing is one of those important factors. Twenty-five years ago, Vivah's plot may not have felt that way, but today it seems the product of a mind trapped in a distortion of time. Perhaps the only salvation of the film is the fact that it oozes sincerity from beginning to end, you can immediately see that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. Judging from Barjatya's previous films and closely examining this new one, he can safely state that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, believes in his golden characters, believes that large families can live happily together under the same roof without the smallest hits. But, unfortunately, you can not translate your vision to the screen. Is it difficult to overlook how one-dimensional are its protagonists? Shahid and Amrita, virtuous and virgin? I mean, think about it, the first time you hold hands is at the time and twenty minutes of the movie. Barjatya may think he's going back to his roots in Maine Pyar Kiya with Vivah, but the truth is that the reason we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in that movie, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had a chemistry so fantastic. Because although they were created from the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, those couples had pranks and masti. Shahid and Amrita are simply insipid and boring. For a film that is based so much on music to narrate its history, the filmmaker chooses a series of 70s style melodies that only diminish the rhythm of the film. But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah does not work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters that inhabit Barjatya's story. Perhaps for some, Vivah will give them hope that a perfect world like this is really somewhere. But I guess I'm a bit cynical. So, give me the cute Madhuri from Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the bad-tempered Salman from Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even take the naughty Karisma Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these due. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This is Vivah!
