If this documentary had not been made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, it probably would have turned it off after the first 15 minutes, as it was an incredibly boring look in a very common city in the Midwestern United States in 1979. This does not it is exactly My idea of ​​a funny subject and the images of the film were very similar to a collection of home movies. Considering that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Because it was a rather boring piece of lifestyle documentary, I asked myself as I watched what message they were trying to convey. ? Maybe it was that the values ​​are not as conservative as you might think; This was an underlying message through many of the cartoons (like the Republicans whose son was a recruiter, as well as the man and the lady who thought sex outside of marriage was fine). Or, perhaps, the meaning was that there was a lot of intolerance in the beautiful hometown, as several ugly ideas were explored briefly such as blaming the Jews for financial conspiracies, intolerance against blacks and homophobia. <br /> <br /> The small city of 1979 was explored in great depth and an idyllic world was portrayed, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the atmosphere got depressed thanks to President Reagan. This seemed very false for several reasons. First, the part of 1979 was almost 90% of the film and the final 10% only consisted of some interviews of people who blamed the president for almost everything except acne. What about the rest of the people of this city? Did everyone see Reagan as evil or that their lives had become more negative? With only a few updates, it seemed suspicious. Second, while it is true that the national debt doubled in the intervening years, so did the gross national product. And, although Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from that, since the period of 1974-1980 presented many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and malaise. While I am not a big Reagan fan because the government's growth did NOT slow down during his administration, the country, in general, was much more optimistic than it had been in the Ford and Carter years. While many of the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy improved significantly and the documentary seems very biased and driven by the agenda. If the documentary had had a more complete coverage of 1985 and it would not have seemed too negative to believe (after all, it was not possible for everyone to make life worse, this defies common sense), then I could have thought otherwise. <Br /> <br /> In general, it is not the wonderful documentary that some have proclaimed, that goes from a boring movie in 1979 to a very skewed look in 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, it's just To me, or does it seem that the film DROP DEAD GORGEOUS has been inspired, at least in part, in this film? Both are set in similar communities, but this last movie was a nice simulation without all the serious nuances.
