When I started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, the choppy presentation and dialogue convinced me that I was watching something recent, so you can imagine my surprise when I arrived at the IMDb and read it was done in 1984. Jim Henson could have finished The Muppet Show when it was in full swing, but spin offs as well and Muppet Babies (which apparently is based on a very terrible sequence in this movie) are the absolute nadir of all things Muppet. I used to wonder why the Muppets were making fun of film critics like Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad The Muppets Take Manhattan (hereinafter, TMTM) agreed with me. Of course, many series have had a massive drop in quality when the third episode occurred: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, even Night Of The Living Dead. So, while it's no wonder that TMTM is less than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise lies entirely in how much less than the amazing debut or its slightly smaller tracking of TMTM. Not only the music is less satisfying, but the scenes that link it are terribly terrible. <br /> <br /> There are, of course, some redeeming and genuinely funny moments, but they are few and far between. The Swedish chef is excellent in any scene where he lives, so, thanks to the spirit of the small mercies, he appears in a sequence in which his eccentricity is exploited to the maximum. The problem is that there are simply no scenes that work. The story, as it is, revolves around a Broadway musical that Kermit is trying to produce. He goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the viewer's suspicion that we have seen all this before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work with this time. Charles Durning was cinematic gold as Doc Hopper, the owner of a fast food chain that wants to exploit Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was dynamite like Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief that the Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from his life in prison. The saying is that a hero is as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the greatness of the two previous films. <br /> <br /> Charles Grodin also highlights what is wrong with TMTM. Namely, the music stinks. The opening number of the Manhattan Melodies program located in the center of TMTM, to put it nicely, makes the nonsense that now dominates the air waves seem coordinated. I may just be letting my peculiar sensitivity to the sounds of words and phrases reach me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection inspired tears of joy, not irritation. The great single of Grodin during The Great Muppet Caper, although it does not have the same resonance, raises the tone of the film eight steps on its own. He is all kinds. And if there is one thing that TMTM could use, it is increasing eight steps in addition to achieving a class appearance. TMTM also feels severely compressed in time, with the story jumping from scene to scene without any consideration to make sense or give cohesion to the story. Maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion make a film feel like a coherent whole instead of a mess of pieces to unite. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> While TMTM has its guest stars, they are misused (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or totally out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). To call this a waste of time for both the puppeteer and the actor is a flattery. The absence of a credit routine at the end is especially painful here, after the release of Animal's "go home" for The Muppet Movie in particular. What highlights another problem. The characters are poorly written at best, without any of their individual whims being seen or heard. The animal shouts singular words at times, but they have nothing to do with the plot or the conversation that takes place around it. Say what you want about pieces designed to show characters, but think about Animal's timing after eating the instant growth pills, or his "sowwy" after the incident, when he opened the window on his fellow Muppets. Now see if you can remember a memorable moment with an individual Muppet other than the Swedish Chef's hilarious misunderstanding about the three-dimensional movie related to popcorn. Give up? Then, he has shown my point of view. <br /> <br /> Since Labyrinth, one of the best and most timeless products of the Henson company outside the Muppets, arrived two years later, it makes TMTM even more disconcerting. Perhaps this ignition error convinced Jim Henson to rethink his strategy regarding the development and use of the character. Or maybe the misfire can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at the time had just finished working with George Lucas on what many would agree is the most childish episode of the original Star Wars saga. The writers also got involved with The Great Muppet Caper, so I'll let them go, even though a script is one of the most essential pieces of a movie. Production is also substantially improved here, since the Muppets seem to be able to move in ways that were previously beyond them. If the story and the script had been better thought out, TMTM could have been at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As it is now, it is a great answer to the question of whether the Muppets write under the influence, or excrete. <br /> <br /> For that reason, I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan one three out of ten. Two to denote its real quality and a bonus for the moments of the Swedish Chef. Without him, this film would be unappealable.
