The premise and the subject of making a criminal realize what his victims went through by capturing his family as a hostage sounds promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that was also treated 20 years ago with some delicacy by the director Ravi Tandon in his movie "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is that Ace's director, Rajkumar Santoshi, found himself in a kind of confusion about whether to turn it into a fast-paced action thriller (ie, Khakee) or into a heavy-duty drama rich in emotions (Viz Damini) and this confusion is quite evident in the final result. If we ignore two of his Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always given us quite fascinating films with a high entertainment value. Therefore, this film is a surprise, in terms of what made this director script writer to characterize half of its two protagonists. Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman. As the film is running out, the audience did not know who to hate and who to sympathize with, and this factor is the main limiting force in the entire narrative. Therefore, what begins as a war between a common man and an underworld does not end as a clear note of self-realization and repentance on the part of the Don over what went wrong with his own family. The revelation of Don's son as a true evildoer does not come as a surprise element in the climax, which if compared to a similar situation in 'Khakee' worked so effectively with the character of Aishwarya, that's not all, there's more That all the dramatization The life of a Don from the underworld, operating from abroad seems quite illogical, his arrival open to Mumbai from where he is supposed to flee, as well as running after his enemies and shooting himself does not seem credible Talking about a mediocre and newcomer Just like Aryeman and Mr. Bachchan, it's not a good idea, but the movie does have some positive points, however: Ashok Mehta's excellent camera work, two good sequences of fight (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some light scenes of Akshay Kumar in the first half, Santoshi's quick and elegant treatment and, of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, strives to give him a bit of e life to your lifeless character. But all this together does not make seeing this experience exciting. you are you and your family
