I have not seen this movie in a long time, so I'm afraid I can not be very specific about the details ... I had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt to make an animated adaptation of J.R.R Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that it was broken at some point in production. So, not only does it stop abruptly somewhere around the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a kind of shadow of a track from a sequel that was never made), the film itself seems to be over. It seems that some characters were animated while others were filmed, but it is difficult to say if it is intentional or not. Everything seems badly done and undone, especially the Orcs and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, are the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film, and somehow he expected to put a book and a half in little more than two hours (the new Peter Jackson trilogy does it in about twice that time). outside (and I do not mean only Tom Bombadil, who, in my opinion, was charming in the book but would look silly in a movie). And, of course, the end, which is completely sudden and out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to finish the movie there, or if he had any idea where he would finish it. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them were fine. . Hobbits do not look so bad (except for the gay Sam.) Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted Sam to be a woman so there would be a female lead?) If you're a Tolkien fan (like me), see this movie (although I'm not sure how to buy it.) What special features does the DVD version have, anyway?) But know in advance that you will not see a true 'Lord of the Rings' movie', but do not Much more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than the 1960s version, the Beatles would have followed their plan (I think a psychedelic LOTR could have been pretty good.) The idea was to choose George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you did not read the book or did not like it very much or did not like the animated films or do not want to see a movie half finished ... Stay away.
