The opening scene of this film marks the rhythm of the totality of its ninety minutes. The shots are generic, conventional and of television quality. The landscape soaked in snow is magnificent, but the characters that are stored in it have a quality similar to that of looking at a photograph of that scenery, and the overwhelming feeling is that of distance. Part of the edition is of high quality and the work of a veteran professional, however, the dialogue is clumsy and artificial, apparently it has nothing to do with the "real" conversations. Any emotional perception shifts in favor of the curse, which is, of course, the way in which everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and disappointing, the general feeling is that of someone dripping cold water on your head, but so slowly that you barely notice, but over time you feel pathetic and a little sorry for yourself for being stuck in a so incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> The mixture of genres that Fessenden has apparently tried to use; The psychological thriller, terror and family drama, although commendable, suffers from a serious lack of tension and an interesting dialogue. The way in which the husband, wife and child trio interact is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships that develop in a disturbing environment have been covered innumerable times with very superior films, an instant example is that of The Shining (1980). The family unit here is torn by innocuous problems that are difficult to understand or sympathetic to the relative ambiguity of the script. <br /> <br /> The family unit is hardly affected throughout the film, Fessenden minimizes the possibilities of suspense. The narrative in favor of a slow family drama for most of the execution time. The figure of the 'stalker' Otis has little apparent motive for his behavior and, despite being perhaps the most interesting and well-acted character, he is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty husks of people with whom it was extremely difficult to relate, since their relationships with each other are particularly devoid of feelings or feelings. While the ignorance of the young character of Erik per Sullivan by his parents is presumably part of the story, is it reasonable for any reasonable person to question his son if he supposedly spoke to someone who apparently does not exist? People can accept this film as intelligent due to its relative lack of conventional aspects with respect to creature-based horror films, but this film fails with respect to any genre in which you wish to pigeonhole it. You can read the deep psychological meanings in every detail of every minute, if you should wish it, but I think people would be better off if they analyzed their carpet in search of some deep emotional meaning, instead of these empty subhuman creations.
