Just in time to take advantage of the long-awaited film version of "Dreamgirls" is the DVD release of this 1976 semi-forgotten musical melodrama that also takes inspiration from the emergence of Supremes. Released five years before the Broadway opening of "Dreamgirls" and partially set in the same period, it has a predominantly black cast and a story that revolves around a group of promising girls, and that's where the resemblance basically ends. Written by Joel Schumacher long before he became a major league director of the main studio product ("Batman Forever," "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film seems rougher on the surface. Nevertheless, faithful to the form, Schumacher weakens the plot and the development of the personage when injecting a great amount of clichés and extraordinary phrases. With little affinity for organizing musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a highly regarded film editor but neophyte director, directs the production as a low-budget television movie with a frustratingly episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story continues. three Harlem sisters - the sexy sister, Delores Justas and the sweet Sparkle - while they sing in the church choir, meet Stix and Levi, who talk well but have good intentions, and then find their first successful experience as a group of singers - first as a sweater quintet called The Hearts and then as a dazzling trio known as Sister and the Sisters. But, of course, there are problems beyond the silly name for the group: the sister gets involved with the nasty drug trafficker Satin Struthers, who hits her and makes her addicted to cocaine. Levi goes to prison for being caught in a drug collection for Satin; Stix is ​​frustrated by the failure and turns to some Jewish mobsters for financial help; Delores simply gets fed up; And poor Sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants. A big advantage is that the great Curtis Mayfield of R & B wrote the atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, "Look Into Your Heart", a true winner. <br /> <br /> The solid cast does everything possible in artificial circumstances. The courageous attempt of Lonette McKee to turn the Sister into a tragic figure is undermined by some of the twists of the plot, including a sad turn of Billie Holliday into the microphone. Before they succeed in primetime, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood play Stix and Levi with a youthful vitality, though not with much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively silent turn, as the patient patient of the girls and a "Fame" Irene Cara, who effortlessly emanates sincerity in the title role (although her client and stylist must be shot by her horrible aspect). achieved in the final scene). The DVD comes with the original theatrical trailer complete with an unctuous voice by DJ Casey Kasem and an extra CD of five of the songs from the film performed not by the original cast but by Aretha Franklin in her 1976 recording of the soundtrack. It's not a terrible movie, just an interesting one, if you're not curious, that covers the same ground as "Dreamgirls."
