Between 1937 and 1939, Twentieth Century-Fox made a lot of Mr. Moto movies. However, by the end of the series, it was obvious that the studio had "jumped the shark," so to speak. This phrase indicates that a television program has passed its apogee and the executives in charge decided to invigorate the program by fundamentally changing the formula. For example, with "The Brady Bunch" they presented the annoying 'Cousin Oliver' and with 'Family Ties' they introduced an abnormal baby who grew six years in a single season! With the Moto movies, they had jumped the shark by presenting the comic in relief because they thought that these smart movies needed to be rethought. In the previous film, Warren Hymer played an annoying fighter. And, in this film appears the character Archibald Featherstone. Featherstone could be one of the most annoying examples of comic relief of all time, since you were still waiting for someone (preferably Moto) to kill him just to shut him up! Although he is supposed to work for the famous Scotland Yard, he shows all the intelligence and insight of a brain-damaged turnip. Again and again, his scenes were boring and unnecessary and Peter Lorre only seems hurt when he stops and watches this buffoon "act". It's so bad that it really destroys what could have been one of the best Moto movies because of its clever plot. <br /> <br /> As for the plot, the crown of the Queen of Sheba is discovered in the opening scene. Moto, now more an international policeman than the amoral character he originally was, is at your disposal to protect the precious object from being stolen. In a big turn, several thieves try to steal the crown independently. <br /> <br /> In general, the movie can be seen, but it is also ample evidence that the Moto series should have ended here. With the approach of World War II, the films could not have survived much longer, since having a nice Japanese main character simply would not have been accepted in the United States or in allied countries.
