Are you familiar with the concept of children's art? Although he is not the best Picasso a three-year-old child has achieved with his fingers, he encourages them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should not be any reason why a father should hide it from a child. In general, if a child loves to paint or draw, he will immediately see the basis of his future style. You will begin to see its true form in these very primitive squiggles. Well, this concept of works of art for children is what I felt about the depressing and uncreative Bait de Fuqua. Although in general it was a horrible movie, it was impressive to see how Fuqua's style began to emerge even in the most complicated moments. If you have seen Training Day or King Arthur, you will be impressed with the birth of this director in his second film Bait. While Foxx offers a horrible and indifferent performance, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate his brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only emerged in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on those scenes, you will see why Fuqua's name appears in so many "Best Of ??" movie lists. <br /> <br /> I will never disagree with someone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place a camera in the strangest place to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised that more of Hollywood has not climbed this car. Even in the silly Bait feature, you are witness to Fuqua's greatness. Two scenes that come directly to mind are the explosion scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene near the end. In both scenes I saw the director Fuqua in action. Unfortunately, in the rest of this movie, all I saw was a combination of almost all the action movies created. The sympathetic hero with little luck who, suddenly, finds that his life is changed by an unknown force is a classic structure that only needs to die in Hollywood. We've seen this two often, and it does not matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. It is simply impossible with this genre, and is proven with Bait. I was upset with Fuqua just for sitting down and letting this happen, which could explain why it took me three visits to finish this film. He was tired of the structure, and although he expected Fuqua to redefine it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then, there was a performance. Although Jamie Foxx has never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to try this vehicle. I wanted to see if he could achieve another dramatic role similar to Collateral. I had the impression that perhaps this was the film chosen to show the producers that Foxx could handle the role in Collateral. Once again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was his character's way of being, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx took the time to fully train Foxx on what should be ad-libed and what should be used to advance . the plot. Instead, we are trampled on Foxx scene on stage trying to make the audience laugh. Adding second long jokes and cultural statements just so that your audience understands that he was first a comedian, and then an actor. Fuqua should have stopped this immediately. The jokes of Foxx destroyed his character, which in turn left me with nothing solid to grasp. Instead of developing character, he would make a joke. Neither style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the cast was average. By this I mean that I have seen them all in similar roles. They brought nothing new to the table, nothing solid to the story and nothing substantial to the general themes of the film. They were pawns that filled the dead air space. Fuqua had no control over this disaster, and the final verdict only supports that accusation. <br /> <br /> In general, this was a sad movie. With no creativity in sight and unmanaged actors trying to get on stage, what originally started as a decent story eventually sank more quickly into the cinematic arena. Foxx was annoying, with no lines of characters, and a full bag of cheese. In each scene I did not see any emotion, and when emotion was needed to convey a message, he chose to take off his shirt instead of tackling the problems. Are my words hard? I do not think so. When you watch a movie, you want to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to be close to home. The bait did not contain any of these. While I will give Fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait when renting this movie, but now that I've seen it, I hope I can prevent others from taking that curious bite. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of ***** (for your two scenes that were fun to watch)
