666: The child begins when a plane crashes, the only survivor of flight 666 was a child named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) who was adopted by the journalist Erika (Sarah Lieving) and his cameraman Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after He covered the news incident on Channel 6. At first, Donald seems to be a normal child, but death seems to follow him, after the warnings of a nun and the vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is bad and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> This Jake Perez directed the horror film directly to the DVD under the pseudonym of Jake Jackson and it must be said 666: The Child is quite poor. When I see that The Asylum is responsible for a movie that worries me, I worry a lot because its history is horrible. It seems they specialize in making and / or distributing low-budget horror movies that are usually scams of a recent big-budget horror movie and in the case of 666: The Child, you do not need a degree in space science to realize that. is a complete scam to take advantage of the recent The Omen (2006) that was launched the same year. The screenplay by Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is terrible and simply can not match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent. I mean, what exactly does Donald the Antichrist hope to achieve from a middle-class family in a small town? It is not a great starting point to cause the destruction of the world, right? Each character in 666: The Child is a form of the main character of The Omen, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them and the sinister nanny. There is a real lack of incidents, there is hardly any bleeding and the plot is deficient. I mean Donald killed a dentist because they were trying to fix their teeth, it's so random and unnecessary, what were all the disgusting pictures that Donald drew, where the nanny came from and there's nothing that ties everything together and it's just a disconnected mess that becomes very boring very quickly. The references to number 6 also become annoying and are very subtle. <br /> <br /> Director Pérez is well, I suppose, competent in any case. There is virtually no blood or blood, there are some blood jets, a hand cut and someone has a circular saw stuck in the face, but it sounds much better than it looks on the screen. Certainly, it is not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a completely insipid contemporary atmosphere in a suburban house and there is no tension because we never really know what Donald is trying to do and, therefore, there is no threat to him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is fine, it is reasonably well made, but since the movie itself is so poor, it does not make much difference. The acting is not so good, but at the same time I have seen worse things. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man The Omen scam, I would prefer to see the original or remake about it any day of the week. It is not good and definitely not recommended. Followed by the sequel 666: The Beast (2007), which was also direct to DVD.
