THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is in a rehabilitation center with other similar injuries. And there he must face a new and hard life, confined in a wheelchair. It is an interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately, it is not implemented. What happens in its place is largely the confusion of Hollywood, with some interesting moments. Certainly, the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, and others) is brilliant, and performs well here as one might expect, but their talents are wasted. The characters are mainly stereotypes of one type or another, and most of them are completely unpleasant (the character Snipes is the exception). I guess this is a kind of attempt to break with people's ideas about disabled people being "crippled" or "weak", representing them, for the most part, as punctures in their face, but it makes it a totally upset . It is true that it will show you something about what people with permanent disabilities go through, in a way that does not soften or become romantic, which is useful and a good idea, but although the process that is described can make a person be difficult to deal with. And it's worth trying, it's not part of what these characters should be, to a greater or lesser degree, despicable. Nor should they be Disneyfied; Surely there is a middle point somewhere. By the conclusion of the film, the character of Eric Stoltz has come to accept his condition as a disabled person, but since he is such a brand new narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film until the end, we did not care much. <br /> <br /> In addition to its character problems, the film suffers from the strange syndrome that so many Hollywood films suffer; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you could call it "unexplained forgiveness syndrome". Something like that: the characters abuse the shit, and then, with no more than an apology, everything is forgiven (a particularly unpleasant example is that of the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends most of his time). film verbally harassing everyone within earshot; as a result they love it. In one of the most recent examples, Spiderman 3, the supervillain The Sandman wastes a portion of Manhattan, then laments Spiderman for what seems like a monotonous 15 minutes before being fired with what amounts to "goodbye, now"). The most notorious example of IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence in which, after William Forsythe was named the racist motorcyclist of William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes appears with the same character as Forsythe in the previous scene. The next scene, as if nothing had happened in a short time. Again, without so much as an "Oh yes, sorry for that business there where I, you know, called you the word n". I wonder: do these people really watch these movies before they are released, or simply record them with their eyes closed, hit them together in the editing room according to the number of the scene and call it a day's work?
