Stifler has finished running her naked mile and now attends Beta House. Things happen crazy, people run naked and the nerds make fun of them and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a fucking movie, but I thought it was significantly better than Band Camp. It seems that they have returned to what did not work for them and that shows that they do not care either. You can tell where the target audience is and they have nailed it perfectly. Young teens who like to see naked women, raw humor and drinking beer will love Beta House, everyone else can look the other way. <br /> <br /> Star Wars became a great success that surprised the public. Special effects of time. The Lord of the Rings created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled the eye. Matrix changed the way in which science fiction and action films were made, specifically with avant-garde special effects. With all the advance in technology, we eagerly await the next big thing that will drop our jaws to the ground. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which transcends the limits of what technology can do. When people have created spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create semen. Yes, what creates life, what you see so many times in pornography movies is created and the time becomes slower to show us the white residue that seeps through the room towards a teddy bear. This is funny? Disgusting? None? Beta House shows more nudes than The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering the title of previous installments. Does the movie need it? Of course not, does the plot ever advance, ever? Do you ever laugh? Do young children ever wake up? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks there's too much nudity, chances are you've made a porn. <br /> <br /> The female that captures the affections of our main character is pretty and does not bother the viewer, as the previous girls have done in the series, but not once did I believe that this character would do what she does . I'm pretty sure that all the actions of the characters in this movie are far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from a world of reality to a fantasy world. None of the events in this film would happen, if they did, then I must attend this school IMMEDIATELY. Is this movie supposed to make people feel like they're having a good time? Well, it's not like that, we're watching them have a good time, at the end of the movie we hate them for all the fun they have. <br /> <br /> There is a scene from "Deer Hunters" in the movie, but to make it "fun" for today's audience, they decided to replace the bullets with the semen of the horses. Are you already laughing? Instead of shooting yourself with that semen on your head or face, put the gun in your mouth. Are you already laughing on the floor? The first time we are introduced to Stifler's roommate, he is having sex with his girlfriend. Are you encouraging nudity now? At the beginning, it seems that the film will deal with the boys who will try to enter the house of the fraternity, but then they will change the fact that they are already in the house of the fraternity, but they need to perform certain tasks. Then switch to a competition between nerds and boys. It puts us a little "Revenge of the Nerds" for a moment and it seems out of place. Honestly, I do not know what this movie is about because it goes everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy seems forced to have shock value. Even at the beginning, the father shows his son the list of people with whom he has had sexual relations. The joke is somewhere, I think it could be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could have been that the mother of one of his son's friends was on the list. Either one, it does not work. <br /> <br /> I suppose if you have not guessed yet, this movie is not funny. Neither seems to be focused, the story is pathetic and the so-called raw humor for which the series is known is not surprising. Skip this boring delivery and also future ones. I do not know why I've seen all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found their way into my eyes.
