... that Jamie Foxx would once offer such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed by Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because seeing his hammy acting unpleasantly in films like "Bait" and "Booty Call", I never would have imagined that he would ever get the Oscar If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was going to win an Oscar one day, I would laugh directly in their faces. Who knows? Maybe it's better to stick to the drama, because if you watch "Bait", it's clear that comedy is not your forte. I swear, Jamie makes so many drinks in this movie that I'm surprised his face has not fallen. And why do you have to make those stupid voices in every opportunity you have? Anyone who is familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that comedy does not need to be loud and unpleasant. If a joke is fun, it's fun. If it's not funny, doing a crazy accent will not make it more fun. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try to act is that they prefer to get laughs instead of being in character. In real life, normal people do not always have reappearances and witty jokes. As Albert Brooks said in an interview about his character in "Taxi Driver," it's important to be fun as your character, rather than as a comedian. A good example of Jamie who violates that rule is the nauseatingly horrible scene in which his photos are taken, and he begins to pose for photographs as a model. If a normal person were thrown into jail, would he really be acting foolish while taking his police photos? And would not the police try to scold him if he were? There are many scenes like that throughout the movie. Another horrible sequence is one in which Jamie is unknowingly talking on the phone with the villain, and begins to make a false Caribbean accent. It's not fun! Not to mention that Jamie never seems to recognize the moment of a joke. Giving comedic performance requires patience, while he goes straight to the auction line, whether it's the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie's. In fact, this is the first time I feel relieved when it appears on the screen. Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more discreet approach. One of the few bright spots in this group of comedies is David Morse, a highly underestimated actor known primarily for his supporting roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor in the film who cares to base it on reality. However, fellow star of "Green Mile" Doug Hutchison is disgustingly exaggerated as the villain. A big surprise, considering that he gave excellent performance on "The Green Mile", also playing a heavy role. Antoine Fuqua has demonstrated his skills as a director in films such as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Bait", it shows that it can direct an infernal action sequence. His only problem seemed to be to discipline Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half of the script with one bad joke after another. Unless you're a Foxx fan, please do not take the bait.
