I can not believe we saw this total shit, but we did and I feel compelled to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as typical PC nonsense and think that he has to improve because he will not. If your faggoty boyfriend hung over him does not make him sick, then appreciate that the phenomenon he wrote and / or directed this disgusting attempt in some way be a bit of moderation. I mean, be real. It's one thing for a gay character to appear in a movie in such complicated times, but it's quite another to have it continually hit on the screen and examine it closely and personally when the liner notes clearly indicate that you're supposed to the film is about a mother who is looking for some sort of "closure" due to the sudden death of her daughter. What does one thing have to do with the other, one might be tempted to ask? Apparently, the two issues are intimately intertwined. And if that was not bad enough, there's the bearded lady in the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, has that poor woman never heard of electrolysis? Why should he walk like that? At least, what if we take off the ugly thing and, while you're at it, also eliminate those horrible moles? Could you have some ice cream that just served you? I do not think so. It must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You would think that Diane Keaton could save this piece of drek, but think again. Was she really trying to put a lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. And what if the body was supposed to be that of his own dead daughter? This grotesque excuse for the cinema is a mistake of the word go and that is all there is to do. You want each of these characters to simply go to the waves and move on. None of these outrageous people even remotely wins our sympathy for a moment. Believe me, this piece of shit happens. It's not about death, a mother who inadvertently smothered her daughter, or even the other, much more unpleasant questions she keeps raising, no matter how little you want to hear them. It's a load of perverted garbage from a disoriented and untalented director.
