The plot of this terrible movie is so complicated that I put the warning of the spoiler because I'm not sure if I'm giving something away. The audience sees for the first time a man in Jack the Ripper's outfit murdering an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we are up to date and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We received an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. A 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels that cover a wall in the studio. An old razor falls when they are renovating and the husband keeps it. I guess the blade owns it because it starts to have strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple can not have a baby because the husband is shooting blank spaces. <br /> <br /> It seems that some mold is climbing the wall after the couple remove the iron panels and the mold has the shape of a person. At the end of the story, there is a plot about a large deposit of money and the husband murders the bodyguard and a co-worker and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? Nothing is explained. Was the 105-year-old woman the daughter of the serial killer? The little sister? WHY were iron panels placed on the wall? How would that keep the serial killer contained in the basement? Was he locked up there by his family and starved or just hiding? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels? He has never seen again. WHY was the serial killer killing people? We only see the old man murdered. Was there a pattern or motive or something? WHY does the wife suddenly get pregnant? Is he the spawn of the demon of the serial killer? Have you managed to infiltrate your husband's semen? And why, if the husband could subdue and murder a huge and burly security guard, is he incapable of dominating his wife? And how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that would hit you across the room by simply cutting a wire of light? And why does the wife stay in the house? Is she now possessed by the serial killer? Is the baby going to be the reincarnated murderer? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back. The ONLY pleasant aspect of this story was seeing the husband running alone in his underpants for most of the time, but even that could not redeem this confusing incoherent mess.
