The German case of nut Jörg Buttgereit apparently has admirers, but I do not know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I had seen before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but, surprisingly, this movie is worse! Der Todesking does not make sense in the same way as Nekromantik, but it is a worse movie because it is boring in a way that few films have achieved (not far from The Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say that this movie is 'sick' and 'shocking', but in reality it is not. The director may have been making a point about the death, but only he knows what it is. How someone can see this movie and not be bored with it, is completely out of my reach. The film revolves around the theme of suicide and follows the death of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, that means we have a meaningless and boring episode for Monday, a meaningless and boring episode for Tuesday, a meaningless and boring episode for Wednesday, etc. This movie can be even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking is apparently an "art" movie, although this seems to be a reference to the way it does not make much sense instead of a reference to the movie that bears some resemblance to "art" . Each segment of the film is meant to tell a separate story, but it's not like that! We just got a quick little sketch on suicide, and it just makes you wonder what the point is. The film seems like it should be deep, but there is a big void where intelligence should be and there is nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some evocative images; but it is unlikely that I will remember any of them for more than a week or more, because this movie is not so memorable. There is a photo that involves the body of a decomposing man who appears quite often, but who ages rather quickly and all that remains is the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. If I had to fight for the good things to say about this shit, all I can think about is this; the title sounds good As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other film I've seen of this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm not in a hurry to see them either. Der Todesking is a boring meaningless film and anyone who calls it "art" is very wrong. Do not go.
