To avoid confusion, let me clarify a couple of points: I'm not a red neck. I'm not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: libertarian. I'm not a WASP either, I was not even born in the United States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there are some kind of people who do not feel poetry, and that these sad people generally make a living teaching poetry. This film was made by and for people who do not feel poetry, by and for exhibitions; and I dare say, for and for people who have no sense of decency or, for that matter, respect for the life or death of other people (especially when you think that the victims are mostly bloody imperialists 'murdered on Yankee soil). Find the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and a picture as particularly frightening and repulsive. Just horrible Why did not they allocate a budget of as many dollars per episode as the people who were brutally killed in the attack? The general idea rests somewhere between simple stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious about making movies (and about life and death) should have refused to be angry to participate in this reminder of innuendo and not raiders. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso, almost funny, and that of India, which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and incorrectly investigated in relation to the attack, on the basis that he later did not do so. I returned home and was an American Muslim (and, to tell the truth, when the facts were known, he was honored as a hero). All the other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and without emotion, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: "I do not care about the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, young people, adults , veterans ... 'and can be summarized in pure boredom and lack of emotion ... From Makhmalbaf (Iran); From Lelouch (France) I'm afraid I'm going to commit a heresy since it's from Lelouch, but maybe, his episode It could be considered as an idea that could be considered almost original: De Tanovic (Bosnia-Herzegovina), González Inarritú (Mexico), De Gitaï (Israel), Penn's (USA). <br /> <br /> Second: 'The bloody Yankees deserve it. "And can resume in frustration and hatred Chahine (Egypt) vindicates suicide bombers, Loach (United Kingdom) believes that the reckless attacks of September 11 were a kind of punishment for the alleged support of the United States to the Chilean dictatorship led by the aces In a series, Augusto Pinochet, in fact, someone should inform Mr. Loach that the Pinochet victims were not related to Al-Qaida and that Chile is a South American country whose only existence Mr. Bin Laden should have ignored, should also be informed that the sanctions of the US government against the Chilean dictatorship were more difficult than those of any other country; and, Imamura (Japan) points out that World War II is related to the attack on the WTC. Imamura, at least, has been consistent in this: the alleged cause effect of the link is totally absurd, which plays well with his episode, including a man who believes himself a snake. It pretends to be dark. It is, on the other hand, quite ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is a type of error shared by many, including some Americans, and consists in the belief that this film was not screened commercially in the United States due to some kind of film. of censorship. Nothing is further from the truth: this film was not screened in the United States because it is a complete fiasco. A freak of the most crazy. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are the closest and most dear to the hearts of a considerable number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is fashionable, the film was screened in living rooms hastily converted into theaters, and was applauded by a very select audience: the usual sad few who usually lend their applause to other equally "picturesque" shows. Like the sight of a McDonald's fast food restaurant or, by chance, an old Jewish man, burned to ashes.
