Singleton has some serious problems that he has to deal with. I have the feeling that he thinks he's pretty smart; However, this film is almost comically transparent and fair. In addition, there are a lot of "force of force" messages, like when our local Nazi idiots are beaten. I mean, who in their right mind is going to encourage a group of Nazi idiots? However, the way in which Singleton portrays the "fight" is downright silly and seems to be designed to show us more the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad boy" (actually a drunken frat boy) who rapes one of the protagonists of the movie. In this case, I think that Singleton really does a good job of portraying what is probably a very common situation when the woman involved asks the fraternity boy to use a condom and either does not have one or does not want to use one. In any case, he does not agree to his demands that he stop and proceeds to have sex despite his pleas. I think this type of rape is very common and, in fact, many uniformed people refuse to accept the fact that it is even a violation. Well, it does not mean no, this is a violation, which probably happens a lot in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> Once the violation has been established, how does Singleton treat it? When the fraternity boy tries to call the woman, his roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, at which point the fraternity boy calls the roommate a "black bitch". The aggrieved roommate seems to appeal to an Ice Cube lawyer, and others, who then proceed to physically humiliate and abuse the fraternity boy in repeated and prolonged "apologies" to the roommate for his racist comments; however, the minor offense of rape is not mentioned (apparently in the mind of Singleton). Once again, no one should feel sorry for the fraternity boy; However, Singleton seems to be sending a double message that a racist comment is a greater offense than rape and, in any case, the violence is justified against the imbeciles. <br /> <br /> What is so disappointing is that this movie could have It really is something important, but Singleton, although it is certainly a talented director, does not seem to have the maturity or depth to get something out of this magnitude.
