Yes, people are racist. People are even racist at the university. That is a good point, and the issue of racism has been addressed many times before in countless films. What distinguishes Higher Learning from the package is that it addresses the issue of racism in the most predictable and possible way, oh yes, it is also in the university. <br /> <br /> This movie deals with this problem of Racism the way Frankenstein deals with most problems, hits you in the head repeatedly in a brutal and slow manner. Most of the characters are cartoons, one-dimensional, cartoons (lesbian feminist, angry black man), who react to situations in the most dramatic and predictable way possible. Instead of challenging stereotypes, this movie is overpopulated with them. Angry black men feel cheated, feminists hate men, etc. (A feminist even holds a sign that says "Dead men do not rape." See what I mean?) I do not want to reveal anything, but in this In the movie, if someone looks like a solitary loner or a dating rapist, probably They will behave exactly as you expect them to do. The changes that the characters go through seem obvious to everyone except the people in the movie. The big turn in the plot depends on whether the violent neo-Nazis will act as violent neo-Nazis. I guess you just have to look to find out what happens. <br /> <br /> Another problem I have with this movie is that it is supposed to be "high quality" and "forceful", but make the Nazis the bad guys. I agree that the Nazis are evil, but that is my point. Everyone thinks that the Nazis are bad; We are not breaking new ground here. The Nazis have been portrayed as villains since the 1930s. The film does not challenge any point of view or make bold statements. It only deals with the problems that we all know in an awkward way, especially after school. Being anti-rape, anti-racist and anti-Nazi is not taking a hard line on a controversial issue. <br /> <br /> Higher Learning is predictable, cartoonish and, in a word, stupid. Avoid at all costs.
