Is there any other period of time that has been covered as exhaustively by television (or the media in general) as it was in the 1960s? No. And do we really need another trip through that turbulent time? Not really. But if we must have one, does it have to be as superficial as "the 60s"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than it ultimately turned out, especially given Couturie's participation in the excellent HBO movie. " Dear America: Letters Home From Vietnam ", which used little original music and no original recording, letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves. This presentation intersperses archival images with dramatic production, but does no one any favor by trying to do too much in a very short time; like many of his peers, it is seen from the point of view of a family. But the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially in almost all the important events of the 60s (it's surprising that one of them does not go to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), so it seems less a period drama and more . as a version of Cliff Notes of the decade. <br /> <br /> The creators rush so much that there is little or no time to give the characters any character, with the stick figures called our protagonists off the screen for centuries the time - the father of the children is especially cliché - and then when they return to BLAMMO! it's another thing Garry Trudeau could teach the filmmakers one or two things about how to do this kind of thing correctly. To be fair, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material the old attempt of the university, but they are wasted (especially the last two); It is undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in a rare direct role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in an uncredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is how "The '60s" drown the soundtrack with so many songs of the era that it finally reduces its minimal effect (and this may be the only time a television presentation American on the United States after the 60 never mention the British Invasion, or the Beatles or the Rolling Stones). ... once again, there are only so many melodies that you can turn into an album of soundtracks, right?). Limiting their approach to surface friction to both time and plot with a happy ending almost out of place, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" did it all much, much better. There's nothing to see here that you can not see anywhere else, people ... except Julia Stiles doing the turn, that's it.
