The Blob begins with one of the strangest songs of all time, sung by an uncredited Burt Bacharach of all people. You really have to listen to it to believe it, it may be worth watching The Blob just for this song and my summary of the user comment is just a small sample of the classy lyrics ... After this disconcerting sequence of opening credits The Blob introduces us, spectator, that is, Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) who are stationed somewhere and witness what looks like a meteor falling to Earth in nearby forests. An old man (Olin Howland like Olin Howlin) who lives in a cabin also sees it and goes to investigate, he finds a crater and a strange football rock that opens when, imprudently, he pushes it with a stick. In the center of the meteorite there is a strange gelatinous substance that sticks to the stick, if you know what I mean! Then the stick sticks up and sticks to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane drive quietly through their affairs when the old man runs out in front of Steve's car, Steve is a decent guy who decides to take the old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase ) in local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the substance is in the old man's hand, but he's getting bigger and asks Steve to go back to where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but can not think of anything, and when he returns to Dr. Hallan's surgery, he witnesses the stain that devours him. As expected, the city police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and the teenager who hates Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) do not believe a word and end up suspecting Steve and his comrades Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) and someone named 'Mooch' Miller (James Bonnet) playing a practical joke made in the police department. However, as the stain continues through the city, Steve tries to find evidence of his existence and convince the police about the threat he poses not only to his city but to the entire world. <br /> <br /> Directed by Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and a non-accredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was very disappointed with this original 1958 version of The Blob. Kay Linaker's script as Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson is an absolute bore and extremely boring that does not make the most of its strongest aspects. The Blob focuses on the dramatic dramas and conflicts between teenagers and the police, in fact, most of The Blob is spent on Steve trying to convince the police of the existence of the bubble. For most of the movie, the blob itself seems almost inconsequential and somewhat forgotten. It only has two or three scenes during the first hour and a little until the least exciting climax when the adults and teenagers have to work together to overcome the stain and have a new mutual appreciation afterwards, what a disgust! Why could not the stain just eat the amount of them? There is no explanation of what the blob or its origins is more than coming from space, how long did it take them to get there? Dialogue is clumsy and silly too, as are actions and people's decision-making. I love the part when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, did anyone use his real name on this thing?) He faces the stain, throws some acid on it and calmly proclaims "Doctor, nothing it will stop! ", how do you know that" nothing "will stop it exactly? There's no blood or violence, so do not worry about that, the special effects on the blob itself are not that bad, but they barely have screen time and they move very slowly, a bit like the movie in general. The acting is terrible, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager when he was actually 28 years old and it shows, he looks old enough to be his own father! The same goes for most of the other 'teen' cast members and everyone who speaks in general is wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, the Blob is very basic, dark static photography, opaque direction and forgettable production values. The Blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper and is well known for being a "classic", but in reality it is a big disappointment when you finally see it. This is a case when the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or gore and the remake itself, the original Blob has incredibly poor casting and acting decisions and the remake does not and the original Blob becomes very little time on screen eating only three or four people throughout the film and the remake presents the spot to the bottom and practically eats an entire city. The choice is easy, the new version every time is a better movie in all aspects. I will give the movie two stars and I will give that wonderful main song one song. Definitely not the classic that many seem to distinguish.
