It is just a strange coincidence that I decided to see STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of June 1950, when President Truman ordered US forces to enter the Korean War. You see, STARLIFT is largely established at the Travis Air Force base in California in the years it was used as a parking spot for soldiers who are sent to fight in Korea. But you would have to do your own research to know this because not once during the film is the name 'Korea' mentioned. We see transport planes flying fresh troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but it is not mentioned where these men will fight or be injured. Which is a strange thing for a movie designed to wave the flag and salute the men of the United States in uniform. Launched in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of the star-studded Hollywood World War II canteen, "Hollywood Canteen." This complacent public of 1944 told the story of two soldiers who spent their last three nights on leave at the famous nightclub of the armed forces in Los Angeles in the hope of having an appointment with Joan Leslie. But it was really just an excuse for the Warners to trot all the stars under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT has two Air Force soldiers who expect to meet the fictional star Nell Wayne (a Janice Rule as a mask) and persuade a group of Warner Bros. stars to present a show for the departing troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and others, the best that the Warner brothers could get in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris with fleeting appearances of James Cagney, Randolph Scott and looking embarrassed Gary Cooper This yarn, whose combined star power would fight to illuminate a standard lamp, is perfectly combined with the values ​​of evil production. Presumably, in an effort to save money, several long scenes with a really bad projection on the back were recorded. How bad is it? You can see the combination where the screen meets the stage floor! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy, third-class movie is doing bad service to movies that are careless, lazy and third-class. It is simply terrible. Avoid it
