Whoa boy <br /> <br /> Have you ever wanted to see a documentary about a megalomaniac imbecile ruining his own life and alienating everyone around him? Well, they exist, in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see that documentary about one that ultimately did not succeed in doing anything despite everyone's praise about how artistic "genius" it is? Well, I could probably just take a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (I know they are everywhere and I do not even follow the local scene), or I could save myself the trouble if I spent money looking at this gut. <br /> <br /> The premise is good and, honestly, it's not as if the filmmakers knew exactly where I was going, considering that this is one of the difficulties of making a documentary. We are made to follow two bands, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, directed by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, directed by Courtney. I've heard of The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not so the Brian Jamestown Massacre. Why? Well, from the perspective of this documentary, because the intergroup dysfunction of the Brian Jamestown massacre denied them the ability to succeed in the music industry. However, instead of this becoming an analysis of the two separate bands and how one could succeed, the focus becomes much more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, see, Anton is a "genius". "Because he plays rock music, he really" understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock music with many different instruments, his music is considered" postmodern retro but the future "... because it is rock music. "revolution" ... through rock music ... Okay, let's face it ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest children I'd like to see in a documentary. <br /> <br /> The documentary in yes it does not lend itself to show any of Anton's talent, because in the nature of the 2000-hour edition of material in a quarter of two hours, we really do not have time to concentrate on that. So instead of seeing Anton, "the genius", the socio-maniac loser, being an imbecile during the two hours and they are only told to understand that he made really great music, whether he did it or not, I will not know, because it's not like the documentary had enough time to try it, what I do know is that afterwards we are left with a It is about an unpleasant egocentric twerp that runs across the country and calls itself God of music and does nothing to back it up. Why even bother to see that? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all those different people, and especially the chant after failure to lose potential. This film is presented as a two-hour VH1 special for a reason: he talks about music, but it is about image and attention. Look at the boy, look at how he dresses, look at how he acts, look at how he tries to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Honestly, the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and that's because of anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe it's because he's the man with the tambourine. The rest of them are all "rock stars"! They deserve our attention, admiration, interest and commitments! They are there to "save rock and roll". Do you remember when The White Stripes was supposed to "save rock and roll"? Yes, that was for Anton, and it is "selfish of them not to mention (to Anton) as an inspiration". What a load People like Anton are better left behind. This documentary explains why conventional music is so boring, because music executives have to deal with people like Anton to make a living and, ultimately, can only really support someone who is safe and passionless. Thank you very much, Anton. Your pranks ruined the music for ALL you played, whatever the opinion says otherwise. And if the people "who know" about Anton disagree and he really was a genius, he still shows how bad this documentary is because he cuts it that way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
