{rant start} I did not want to believe them at first, but I guess that's what people talk about when they say that South Korean cinema has peaked and can even go downhill. After the surprisingly funny and moving monster movie "Gwoemul" (also known as "The Host") of 2006, which actually succeeded in making a sharp satire of a B movie genre: successive Korean box office successes have become increasingly generic, even though their budgets (mostly spent on special effects) have become increasingly fantastic. South Korean filmmakers really want to waste the entire audience and the goodwill of investors, which their industry has developed since the 1999 premiere film "Shiri / Swiri", by doing a whole series of mediocre big-budget films like China continental. ? {rant end} <br /> <br /> The only "reason" I can understand to make this movie is to trick investors into financing the more detailed and fluid digital animation of a Korean / East Asian-style dragon that I have seen To date, for the final scenes. Now, if they had introduced that dragon at the beginning and given it more personality and purpose, as in the "Dragon Heart" of 1996, the film could have had some other redeeming qualities in addition to having many animated dragons digitally. Do you remember "Dungeons & Dragons" in 2000? Has anyone learned that the trick is not the amount of special effects you use, but the way you use it? I hope there are more (and better) Korean legends that they can use, because they just killed a lot of international interest in Korean dragon legends with the way they filmed this one. <br /> <br /> In summary, I agree. with all the previous negative reviews and ask yourself how the Koreans felt when they played their popular anthem "Arirang" at the end. As a feature of the creature, I would have given it at least 5 stars out of 10 if the special effects or the action sequences had been worth it, but I have seen many video games with better camera work and scripts (only fewer dragons).
