I entered this film with great hopes. Normally, I am not very demanding with my films and the creatures movies are * always * fun to watch, or so I thought. I will list the good parts of this movie: -The effects of the creatures. All the creatures were well made, their movements were realistic and fit well into the other images. To be honest, the effects of the creatures were the ONLY reason I gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1. Now, the bad things: -The acting. My God, I've seen it act wrong, but this movie takes the cake. Not one of the characters is even close to being credible. It is as if the director sent a call for casting and chose all the worst tests. I tried very hard not to laugh too loudly, because I did not want to bother anyone else in the theater, but the acting really was SO BAD. -The plot: the whole story is full of plot holes from beginning to end. You can make at least 5 screen holes of every 30 minutes of film. The holes in the plot, of course, are complementary to the cheese. This is probably one of the most stupid, unthinking and stupidest stories I have seen on my screen since I had the serious misfortune of sitting one night and watching Parasite on the SciFi channel. -Dialogue: this is a world in which everyone says as cheesy and clichéd as they can, whenever they can. In this world, it seems that each line has been spoken before in at least 30 other low-budget creature films. It is the world of cheese and cliché. -Special effects. While the effects of the creatures were quite impressive, the special effects fail miserably. Yes, they are better than those seen in other movies, but a lot of that is in the presentation. And this movie has no presentation. It looks a bit like the special effects used in the TV show Power Rangers, to be honest. In summary: Dragon Wars is not worth your time or your money. The concept is good, but it is caught in the wrong direction, the acting, the dialogue and the cheese in the film. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. It has to be better than this, because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
