THE KING MAKER will undoubtedly be a hit in Thailand where the similar (but superior) 'The Legend of Suriyothai' sets box office records. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn after a script by Sean Casey based on a historical fact in 1547, Siam has some amazingly beautiful visuals, but is disarmed by one of the most important pedestrian scripts and the development of stories in the film. <br /> <br /> The event related to the image is the arrival of Portuguese fortune soldier Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch) whose revenge for this father's murderer leads him to be shipwrecked, captured and thrown into slavery and put in the block of Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam. it is bought by the beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past that is revealed as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow the King, and Fernando and his new Siamese companion Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some free martial arts fools choreographed by the CGI are rewarded by the King to become their bodyguards, only to be imprisoned together once Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals her plan to kill the king and son to allow her lover Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take over the government of Siam. However, of course, Fernando and Tong escape and are condemned to fight each other to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando's love relationship now firm with Maria) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> The performance (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the movie sometimes looks like it's supposed to be a camp. The predominantly Thai cast struggles with the poorly written dialogue, making us wish they had used their native Thai with subtitles. The musical score of Ian Livingstone sounds like exhumed of old television soap operas. But if you're looking for visual splendor, there's a lot of that and that alone makes it worthwhile to watch the movie. It is a film that has a high financial backing evident for all special effects and the masses of actors and scenarios and shows their good intentions. Only the basics are missing. Harp grady
