As with most critics, I saw this in Starz! On demand. After seeing the preview with my girlfriend, he decided not to see her because of how bad the preview was. I, on the other hand, thought it seemed strange enough to justify an observation. I mean, Dr. Meso's design justifies at least a brief review of this title. After seeing it, I can say that while there are some interesting aspects (that is, looking in the notebooks and trying to discover the incomprehensible history), it is better to overlook this one. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making her first video for her CD, still unfinished, the lead singer, Cassidy, kills herself in an attempt to get her boyfriend Neil to notice her. 3 months later, the band is trying to decide if they are going to finish the album or not. To try to see what Cassidy would have wanted, they go to see an old psychic friend of his, Dr. Meso, and try to communicate with her through him. In his reading of letters, Dr. Meso shows four consecutive Death cards for the four remaining members of the band. The bad times are coming. (I just wanted to point out that later in the film, they do explain that the Death card really represents a change, at least, congratulations to them.) Even without the approval of their deceased friend, they decide to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, glimpses her dead friend. When another bandmate walks in to see how she is doing, Dora is standing in the dark, asking for her sunglasses. That's when the killing begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the movie from the beginning is that it seems to be very stylized. Too many distortion effects, unnecessary zooms and a lot of other cheap effects guess this movie. An incoherent plot does not help either. While the narrative holds together for the first part, once Cassidy is resurrected, everything collapses. We have jump cuts between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously could enter a closed building), which show that they are connected in some way or another. However, within a few minutes of that revelation, we find that Cassidy really is an independent being of Meso. Then he turns on the guy who had been helping his revenge and he slips away in a way that reminds of Jack Nicholson as The Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> As of this moment, the whereabouts of Cassidy are shown, but there are strange lapses as the character moves from one place to another almost out of sequence. In one scene, we see Cassidy standing at a desk, when one character enters the next, she is nowhere to be found. When he moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of a corridor. Then, in another room, grabbing the keys (which Neil already has), and then again. Not to mention that from one moment to another, Cassidy's mood seems to go completely to 180 without a catalyst. At one point, he wants to kill everyone (although he has only hurt 90% of the characters), the next he apologizes to everyone and goes out the door to die again. Sound confusing? That is because it is. It's a messy mess that I'm sure the writer could not even decipher. <br /> <br /> As for the performances, most are especially made of wood. Some, however, are interesting, but in general this is not a piece that would be known for its performance. History is the driving force behind this piece.
