This week, I just thought it would be fun to catch up with Corey Haim, having only seen the two "Lost Boys" movies last week and all. Not that I'm a fanatic, much less, but I liked those two Coreys in some movies in my early teenage years. <br /> <br /> Then, I prepared myself for three films starring him. Unfortunately, I chose "Dream Machine" as the first one (I had never seen it before), and it was so horribly horrible that I simply decided to lock Corey in my closet and let him be sober again before something else of his appeared. But I managed to make my way through this movie first. I got the impression that he wanted to play desperately in the same league as "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986), but he got caught up in his own delusions. Practically the whole movie wants to be a comedy and almost in the end desperately tries to be a thriller. The only good thing about "Dream Machine" is the premise: a corpse in the trunk of a Porsche. Everything else fails so much that it is shameful. Even the most for Haim. I can understand him being his young and enthusiastic person, but at least when it comes with some kind of direction directives. This clearly was not the case in "Dream Machine". So, we have a perfect car, yes, that black Porsche. The perfect girlfriend of Haim? Only a blonde girl who barely has lines in the movie. The perfect murder ... almost? Some guy who falls in the ass like the villain of the movie, trying to get the whole movie to steal the body of the trunk, never gets it, and then, at the end of the movie, he thinks it's Michael Myers (minus the white William Mask of Shatner) and Corey Haim errors for Jamie Lee Curtis. Do not think you could have made this movie a little more relaxed if you tried. A stupid and ungraceful movie with a story that leads nowhere directed by a director who does not know how to direct his cast. Great achievement! <br /> <br /> One last question for Mr. Haim: Whose idea was it that you smile directly at the camera in the last photo of the movie? Yours or the director's? So it is not done.
