I hope that the viewer who considers 'Dream Machine' as one of Corey Haim's best films and the "best films of the century" was joking. Sarcasm not detected by me? I sincerely hope so. <br /> <br /> 'The Dream Machine' marks the first of a long line of mediocre capers that would plague the rest of Corey Haim's career (except 'Prayer of the Rollerboys' which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays the carefree university student, Bernie, who assumes that a great car will attract the attention of the girl of his dreams. Luck for Bernie, a rich woman who tries to return to her unfaithful husband, hastily decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a polished Porsche Turbo. However, unknown to the woman, and unfortunate for Bernie, is that her dead husband was killed and her body was hidden in the trunk. Now, since in this movie, the bodies do not seem to decay or possess a pretty disgusting funk, Bernie does not realize this. In fact, the unconscious child has no idea that something suspicious is happening despite several strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a grayish man follows him everywhere, desperate to get that body relatively undetected. <br /> <br /> This is a low-grade action fizzle like many of Haim's movies like this one (see The Double O Kid). Despite being part of the action, part of the romantic comedy, this film does not offer the viewer anything of interest at least during the first forty-five minutes when the filmmakers take enough time to show the immediate problem (it is say, Bernie is in possession). of a car and a corpse, and a hit man who discovers that the Porsche is going to be difficult to find). After that, and thanks to Haim's bad performance (I also loved this child, but it's not exactly a sacrilege to admit the moments when I obviously could not act well) and the lack of real immediacy and emergence between Bernie and the villain that causes that a lot of the events are not convincing and, as a result, are not appreciable. To add more damage to the insult, the soundtrack was incredibly laughable and sounded more like obvious songs that were heard on Team America (see the 'date' montage). <br /> <br /> However, Loyal Corey Haim fans should not be disappointed to see your child in abundance. However, others understanding that Haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered, could expect mediocrity, just as the spectators looking for the comedy fight of the early 90s pass the time.
