Michael Caine has always claimed that Ashanti was "the only movie (he) that he made just for money", as well as "the worst movie he ever played". Wait, Michael, were not you in The Swarm and Hurry Sundown? And were not both movies much worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine too reluctantly remembers the demanding physical demands of filming an action movie at temperatures of 130 degrees Fahrenheit (the director, Richard Fleischer, was hospitalized as the result of a sunburn during the filming). What Ashanti emerges is not really the low point of Michael Caine's career. Instead, it's a very average chase thriller with a talented cast, exotic locations, boring stretches and a highly formulated plot. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O doctor who is devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) disappears during a relief trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife has been kidnapped by slave traders, led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov), and embarks on a search across the continent that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> On the way Big stars appear to play ineffective and superfluous roles. William Holden has a poor cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows little of his charm or grace accustomed as a pampered Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison seems legitimately bored during his brief role as a useful contact who helps Caine in his quest. The film is based on a bestseller called Ebano, by the little-known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the suspense that made the book so popular is very absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as the slaveholder (in all his films he seems unable to give bad results), and Caine generates a credible anguish as the man who believes he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes of action, but in general Ashanti is quite slow. In general, it's a tough piece of action, not a stretch as horrible as Caine has often suggested, but it's not a very inspiring movie and, certainly, a disappointment of all the talents involved.
