I'm amazed! Wow, get ready to be dragged by the strange shapes of the ninja. Look at them as they rush, they crawl on the ground (on their backs or stomachs) like a caterpillar, they fly through the sky, they climb buildings, they hide and sprout from the trees, they throw ninja stars, they spread blue welcome mats, they disappear in Smoke bombs, make many swoosh noises with your blades and quickly sneaking or trotting on your toes. What a view! I could really continue with the many traditional actions, but I will be here all day. Oh, let's not forget we even make the legendary Chuck Connors show up from time to time, and we watched him send some ninjas with his shotgun with little ease. What kind! What badass! Anyway, the ultra cheap 'Sakura Killers' is a stupid, but cheesy ninja action game, that only fans of the genre will get something out of this b-grade debacle. <br /> <br /> A genetic laboratory in the United States has a very important video that is stolen by a pair of ninjas. The Colonel (Chuck Connors) sends two Americans to Japan to recover it. <br /> <br /> The opening of the function configures it very well. Get ready for the laughs! Then the speed decreases, but soon after the two main characters learn about the ninja and continue with the training, they go crazy when they break the wardrobe and flee after the stolen beta tape that contains a very important formula. This is when violently fast action and aerobic marital arts really come into play. Nor is it so bad, (like the moronic script and stupid performances). The final climate confrontation is very well done. <br /> <br /> On the slow stretches of the two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) watching the case, sharing conversations without thinking and finding some minor problems. What made me laugh was how the ninjas were discouraged by how brave and intelligent these two were. Were these supposed to be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') does a serious job with what he had and interprets it for what it is. Focus screen activities around places in Taiwan. The score is a cumbersome arrangement.
