This is one of the worst movies that Clark Gable did. Only PARNELL was obviously worse. It's such a painful cliché and the dialogue is so bad that it's something neither Gable nor Jean Harlow should have been proud to do. <br /> <br /> Gable is a heel whose illegal activities make your girl go to the slammer (like the gangster talk?). She hopes that he will do the right thing, but he just leaves her there, unknown to any of them, my God, who is "in the manner of the family." Eventually, the rogue does the right thing again and somehow they unite all this in a happy ending! They seemed to have forgotten Gable's need to take rap and spend several years in the shelter. Leonard Maltin says that "the stars are at their best here". Why standard? Better in the production of unwanted giggles? Give me a break! <br /> <br /> PS: after saying this, my wife believes that Leonard Maltin is going to find me and is going to kick my ass. Hmmm However, despite my comment, I believe that Mr. Maltin is the best critic and human being on the planet (I hope that has calmed him down). <br /> <br /> UPDATE - 2/2/08. Because I did not like this movie so much the first time (especially the ridiculous ending), I decided to watch it one more time. After all, sometimes when I go back to watch a movie, I like it a lot more and I realize that I was a bit too hard. While that has been the case with several films in recent months, I have still disliked this movie, even the second time. Most of it was not due to the first half of the movie. In the first half, Harlow's character was incredibly stupid, but at least he was credible. But when they sent her to jail, everything was cliched until the ridiculous final scene of the marriage occurred. The bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly silly: it just does not make any sense and is similar to turning the movie into a crazy fairy tale instead of a love story about two cons. I keep my original opinion (despite all the "NO HELP") and I think apart from PARNELL and possibly POLLY IN THE CIRCUS, it could be Gable's worst movie.
