So I rented this to Netflix because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I hated, I hated, I hated this movie" and he gave this a rare zero star rating in the book and said at the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time must be cut to provide free ukulele selections for the poor. " So I thought about Ebert saying he would see if it was really as bad as he said it was. I know that most of society says not to listen to critics and judge for themselves, but I could not express how much I hated this scrap piece as Ebert did and never since Ebert's review of "North" by Rob Reiner, where he said that I hated that movie. I had heard a film critique of hate so brilliant. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster, which I do not think is terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script of this movie was well written. But above all the other things that were terrible about this "movie", I can certainly tell you that the script was not written at all. While the movie begins with Jeff Goldblum saying that he enjoyed watching Dreyfuss' girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with a decent dialogue after the initial credits. But after those first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes consist of silly characters who talk useless trash for 30 seconds and then someone is shot. Then there are a lot of jokes about Dreyfuss's mental illness. LOL. It's not fun Then we have an unpleasant and unfunny scene parodying "My Way" by Frank Sinatra, sung by Gabriel Byrne apparently to insult Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script was written at the level of a sixth grader, Dreyfuss shoots Byrne more than five times and Byrne simply will not die. Are we like the audience that we are supposed to worry about or find something slightly funny? I can certainly tell you that I did not care or that I found it funny. Not only am I disappointed with Dreyfuss (whom I greatly admire as an actor) for producing and starring in this gut, but I am also extremely disappointed with Jeff Goldblum because it was released the same year that "Independence Day" was the highest grossing film of The Year and, ultimately, one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" would be a failure and then he would simply take the next role he was offered to earn some money if "Independence Day" were a bomb? What was the most enjoyed by an Oscar winner and the star of two of the most important films in history? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the film is set on another planet. Now I just wish I had lost 93 minutes watching this garbage that would have stayed and opened in the theaters of the planet where it supposedly takes place in such a way that everyone on this planet would never arrive at this ridiculous waste of 93 minutes of my Life that I will never return . Ebert saying that the movie should have been cut is not enough, I'm afraid. Each copy of "Mad Dog Time" must have gasoline everywhere and light with fire. I still have to overcome one of the worst movies I've seen because it has earned its honor as the worst movie in history.
