What an insult to Olivia D'Abo, who plays the heroine of the film, Robin, so that Keanu Reeves appears so big in the film's picture (and at least in the recent reissues, so that only Reeves appears in the box) , considering that she was the star I realize that it is her name that will finally sell this special After School, forgotten a long time ago, but at least give some credit to the woman. <br /> <br /> Despite that, this has to be one of the worst movies for teenagers about sporting issues I've seen, and strives to add not only to all the teenagers and clichés of sports films of the fight of classes between Feudos gymnasts to adolescent romance. And, striving to indulge in some way as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with the music in one of the scenes in the cellar of the cellar is even very similar to the remarkable 'Maniac' by Michael Sembello, who became famous for Flashdance, or was it the other way around?). It includes similar dance sequences and, what is worse, even the dance of the 80s and the sporting traditions of cheesy dances between the heroine and her (s) antagonist (s), which doubt her successes and abilities in the team . We saw this in Trashin '(a ramp just ramp) and Rad (BMX dancing in the prom, although it was not much for the competition, but for fun) for example. In fact, this film is full of an unrealistic brushstroke, like the fact that the army of the Salvation Army is something homo-erotic with Robin and her team friend. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about A young woman who comes from a rather poor background. To top it all off in a massive need to squeeze as much sympathy from the audience as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her nasty sister and her careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. It goes without saying that family life is not so attractive. Add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the annoyance of his arrogant, his teammates and a coach who also eventually doubts his abilities to compete well). And, of course, we can not forget that he has eyes for one of the cute guys that is dating one of the obnoxious teammates, or that he does not have a stable boyfriend (although Keanu like Tommy later enters the scene). Could this child be more pathetic? And it seems that one disaster after another becomes ashamed in its painfully long, redundant and cliché search to prove its worth to all. <br /> <br /> But, even the great moments of cheese that make up most of The Movie, it's hardly worth mentioning, considering that the biggest distraction of this movie is the horrible acting and dialogue. (I like how the gymnastics coach suddenly appears at dinner in the middle of the dance to scold teammates). It makes the episodes of 'Amazing Stories' look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone who can locate this movie and see it these days is probably attracted to it, mainly due to the nostalgic factor. For that you could be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. Then, Caveat Emptour.
