This is the worst movie I've seen in my entire life. The plot and the message are horrible. There are too many mistakes in this movie that it is impossible to keep up. I do not even understand how this movie can get a nomination, let alone 2. Here's why: 1) Sam Lee plays an angry / irrational detective that was caused by his father's disappointment. Pros: He is angry well. Cons: when it comes to the scene of the explanation, you can not convey the sadness / disappointment you have in your father. The crying scene was too fake and it seems that she is literally pulling tears from the corner of her eyes. <br /> <br /> 2) To connect the film to the title, sounds of barking or adultery of dogs were heard during the Scenes of fight and scene of rape, which is totally irrelevant and confusing for the viewer. I understand that it is supposed to be a metaphor or not ... but it is so silly! 3) WHY THE HECK THE COPS DID NOT TRIGGER THE MURDERER? What the hell is wrong with this movie. When the killer started stabbing an officer, shoot him. He is already dead! What the hell? There were many opportunities that the murderer could be killed, but I do not know why he was not! 4) During the scene where the child's foot hurt. In the scene, it was very clear that the LEFT foot of the girls was hurt, so, how the hell in the next scene is lending all its weight on his left foot? And is this the actress nominated as the best new interpreter? WTF? 5) The sounds of the movie are not synchronized. <br /> <br /> 6) I guess this movie is trying to raise awareness about brutality and violence among children in Southeast Asia. Win and then the policeman joined the fight? 7) This movie is too violent without a purpose. Are the policemen beating CI to pulp and then, if they cooperate, they give them marijuana and coca? This is generally the worst movie. I really feel that the person who wrote this movie is a sadistic and sick person. I've never seen a more unpleasant movie in my entire life. The worst movie of all!
