After watching this movie, they left me with two big annoyances about this movie: why did Chen's character become "McGuyver's hitman" and Lee's character as an incompetent idiot? The background of Chen's character is that he was raised in a Cambodian underground orphanage for a bloodthirsty fighter where they learn to fight to kill him as wild "dogs". This detail is pushed early during a scene where you get into a taxi and when you start driving, it shows that you are not familiar with the seatbelt. Shortly after this scene, he has a similar situation in a dim sum restaurant. Not only does he not have an education, he also dies of hunger. This is not a reference to Chen's physical squalid, but to the two early scenes in the film in which he is engulfing the food, one of which, being the rice porridge on the floor of the lower deck of an old ship. If in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that Chen is malnourished, is not modernized and only has something in his favor, his fighting style of "dog" fights of some kind. Despite this situation, Chen manages to surpass all the cops (even managing to shoot a bullet from a metal pipe to hit a guy in the head, who held Chen's girlfriend hostage) and somehow managed to superhuman strength (sways to 50 A block of concrete, stuck on the end of a metal pipe, to the chief of the police chief, since the boss shot him in the chest. <br /> <br /> Now the Lee's character ... it's okay I understand, he's depressed, he has some luggage, but wow, can he do something right? In a moment, they try to make him fresh, composed and ready to take care of business, and the next moment, In the first scene he meets Chen, and manages to miss him, from about 15 feet, several times.At the end of the scene, Lee watches Chen while his close friend and co-worker is slowly stabbed in the Neck with a long knife for 5 full seconds s, while holding a gun in Chen's face, at a distance of 10 feet. Even at the end of the movie, Lee manages to be stabbed to death and fails once more. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a way that the filmmakers try to get. the audience sympathizes with Chen's character and says that he is simply "killing to survive". That would be much easier if I did not just watch Chen kill innocent people throughout the whole horrible movie. Of the many people he killed, only two people intended to try to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were just people who ate, owners of boats, taxi drivers and police trying to arrest him, not kill. In general, Chen's character is a cold-blooded killer who kills for what he wants, even if it's a free ride. (Did I mention that you are carrying a wad of hundred dollar bills throughout most of the movie?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting director / camera jobs that got some good shots. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell: One made for Chen fans. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
