With my comment of "Kool-Aid drinkers", I mean that these are devotees so devoted to Pavarotti that they do not try to objectively qualify this film. Giving this a 10 is similar to giving Wally Cox the prize for Mr. Universe or putting a velvet Elvis painting in the Louvre! When this film debuted, I remember the wild criticism with headlines like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was among the worst movies ever made. This is definitely exaggerating too. Although bad and far from being a great work of art, there were many things that I liked about the film and the biggest deficit of the film was not Pavarotti's performance or his corpulence. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the worst part The fault lies solely on the writers' shoulders (which, I think, were chimpanzees). It's weird to see a movie with such a clichéd dialogue or silly scenes like the food fight, but even they are not the core of the problem. The problem is that the writers want the audience to worry about a "romance" that consists of a middle-aged man, married and horny, and a seemingly desperate lady. Maybe European audiences can forgive this more, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such romance seems sordid and selfish, especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun". Wow, we talk about romantic dialogue! Unfortunately, if they just changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti a widower or maybe his wife was like a wife of a couple of classic Hollywood movies, like ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, ALSO or THE SOSPECT (where was the wife ). so vile and nasty that she could forgive her husband for having an affair or even kill her). Instead, she is the loving mother of two children waiting patiently at home, while her selfish husbands' bed veers to the right and to the left, as Pavarotti admits to having had many issues before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the beautiful Pavarotti's music could not save this movie. Towards the end of the film, there are some amazing scenes in New York, where the set is simply amazing and the singing of Pavarotti is transcendent. For that reason, I think the movie deserves at least a 3. I really wanted to like the movie better, but it was a really bad movie, although not as broken as I could have heard. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I have read, this film could be a case of art that imitates life, since Pavarotti's own life had some parallels with this film, although this is not exactly the forum to discuss this in detail.
