I had not heard of this movie until I read an article about it on the Unknown Movies website, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I am an admirer of the work of Richard Williams. I rate Ziggy's Gift as one of the best Christmas specials of all time, and although Who Framed Roger Rabbit ceased to be one of my favorite movies when I passed. At the age of sixteen, I still hold the highest regard for the amount of work, care and attention to the details that were taken to create the visual elements, but it seems that man has his faults, especially a propensity to exceed the budget and the calendar. , and this movie is a testament to how misguided even a super talented person like Williams can be, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy is a strange confection that tries to be rare and Experimental and out of the wall within the limits of a childish caricature. Try also to be a musical. Try to be a thousand and one other things too, is it a freakout? Is it a hallucinatory? Is it a song to the innocence of the child's imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It is beautifully animated, for the most part, although the soft bottoms may have paid a little more attention, but even that does not count for much when you face the absurd hallucinogen that constitutes much of the "action" here. <br /> <br /> There are several problems with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy. They are the stars of the show, but they do not have personalities. Actually, we got the message that Andy is a strong aspiring guy ("I'm not a girl's toy," he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a girl named Marcella, takes her mouth down. but that's all we can find out about these boring clay characters because the extraordinary weirdness of this movie starts shortly after. I use the word "weirdness" deliberately, because some strange movies can be very entertaining, but this is just weird. The toys and dolls in the game room are supposed to be cute and adorable, but in reality they are strange and disturbing. The two puppets that do and say everything in sync are a good example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to the pirate captain, constantly sneezing, whose mustache becomes erect and his groin visibly swells when he first sees a glamorous French doll. Yes, this is supposed to be a movie for children! Then there is the music, none of which is memorable, and all this is sung by actors who can not sing. And to add insult to injury, there is a lot of singing in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally leave the playroom, the first thing they do is sing a LONG number in the forest about how scared they are, how they will always have each other and ... yes, we get the message. This seems to last forever, but at least it returns something normal to the movie. However, not for long, because the Camel with wrinkled knees takes us to a strange world in which everything seems to be made of worn and discolored denim, and, bad enough to be a paranoid schizophrenic, also begins to hallucinate . But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The greedy, a live, breathing. Belching, throwing farts, constantly eating Taffy's pool, it's so trippy, creepy and, ultimately, unsettling, you will hardly believe what you're seeing; This is as close to a psychedelic experience without drugs as I've seen in a movie. Then, after a time of l-o-n-g with the greedy, appears the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his teacher King KooKoo, whose throne resembles a urinal. I can not believe that I'm actually writing a capsule description of a real movie here, I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I'm not blogging about an overwhelmingly brutal nightmare I had. Part of the sequence in Looney Land looks like one of the old cartoons of Winsor McCay / Little Nemo, for no other good reason than someone wanting to, probably. All this would be fine if there was some kind of rhyme or reason behind it, but there is not. These scenes are strange, and very, very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or it takes place against a certain appearance of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes points to any kind of reality. Remove this element, and you stay with pure complacency. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes unravel, even the animation begins to look less impressive (the pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, is shaken on the water in a way that suggests that some of the cells disappeared during production) and there is a non-end event that simply suggests that the money ran out. Even with a brief duration of 86 minutes, the film feels like an endless ordeal, and it is understandable why it failed in its original release. Animation fans will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to ruin this so spectacularly, but he did, and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
