SHALLOW GRAVE begins with a tribute or a copy of the shower scene at PSYCHO. (I'm leaning towards the scam). After that, it gets worse and then, surprisingly, improves, almost to the point of being original. The bad performance and fans direct a very interesting little story, but the film already outperforms many in the genre "Yankee comes south to be killed by a bunch of hicks" because it's actually filmed in the south. <br /> <A group of college girls are heading to Ft. Lauderdale for summer vacations and are run over in Georgia by a puncture after leaving the main road. (Note to the Yankees: stay on the road when you go to Florida). Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to urinate to go to the forest. When he finally finds a good place to do business, he witnesses that the local sheriff (Tony March) strangles his lover (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note to the Yankees: do not go through the woods when you are in the South, not because you can witness a murder, but instead you find yourself with a marijuana plantation). This is the point at which the story, not the movie, really comes close. to be good. <br /> <br /> While Tony March will never have to practice his Oscar speech, his Sheriff Dean becomes a spooky facsimile of a normal guy torn apart by what he has done and what he should do. Tom Law looks like Deputy Scott and is as authentic to Southern Deputy as I have seen him since Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. <br /> <br /> Some scenes from the movie are worth it. to mention. The girls stop at a barbecue in South Carolina and show their racism when a great black observes them. Sue Ellen encounters a barn to hide behind hay bales and, in a surprisingly realistic moment, a large snake hides in the hay with her. <br /> <br /> And in the strangest scene, Sheriff Dean says he's about to do it. he rapes Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells him to take off his clothes. Dean has turned on the radio to drown out the noise of what he's about to do. The preacher on the radio needs to go back and read his Bible. His sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm sorry for the flock of this preacher. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ was born and is by no means one of the five people she will meet in heaven.
