Once again, one of the most misunderstood goddesses in my country has been twisted by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark ways. The Mother takes the terrifying form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and terrorize our egos. And although Kali and Durga give him a blood sacrifice, the events shown in this film are simply absurd. Mother takes an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, limitations and ego when no other form will suffice. Also in her angry form, she burns all of your Karmas in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart to dance to if you love her, and she will lead you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side in addition to light, which serves a purpose. The Mother is also the embodiment of the physical Universe, she is Nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the force of destruction for the purpose of new growth and both worldly and spiritual life in the universe. It is very outrageous to me that people who do not know anything about India or its divinity can take one of our beloved Goddesses and use it as a cheap prostitute to make a low budget, no talent film. How dare you take our beloved Mother and portray her as a horror that causes people to cut their eyelids! She is only horrifying to those who are attached to their ego and who live in deception, greed, anger and other internal demons. For me it is very clear that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious self-deceptive ego, and serious inner demons to see Kali so horrible and terrible. When the ego fades away, it becomes a charming, beautiful and young form, a beauty that is so enchanting to contemplate that it enchants the entire Universe with it. Kali Maa is a former mother, she can not be played for fun, let's hope that in her endless compassion and mercy she does not take an angry form to those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The audacity that Westerners have when using religions like mine, or the religions of the Caribbean islands such as Santería and Vodou, which are actually very positive, and other similar religions to twist and exaggerate the elements misunderstood that the western mind can not understand, is totally ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to this type of films. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is actually a loving and compassionate mother, to whom we shed tears. Beautiful feet in devotion and love for. And I am glad that my Mother takes an angry form at times to protect her devotees from themselves and from external forces. <br /> <br /> Many praises to the REAL Kali Maa, who has shown MANY the way of God and the realization.
