Ignoring (if possible) the tedious free consumption of marijuana (which seems to be mandatory in films financed by the Australian government), the cast of this film offers a reasonably credible performance. That is all that goes. The rest is just horrible. The plot is overloaded with "wow" symbolisms that look good in the movie but do not go anywhere. A rude example is the giant peach float, obviously from a city parade and donated by the local cannery. It was too tempting to waste what was expected to be free, but nevertheless irrelevant support! The peach is given a superficial and inexplicable wash in one stage, but that's where it ends. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the artificial "black point" road sign where Steph's parents were killed, is meant to symbolize the eventual escape from his past, but his escape to what? She had a good deal where she was, especially considering her visual impairment and the endless and loving patience and care of her understanding young guardian. <br /> <br /> The Guinness Prize for Cheesy Melodrama, however, goes to The Characterization of Alan. Alan successfully aspires to the noble role of the union delegate, but to the "rats" of his co-workers to become the supervisor of an evil multinational: whistle! whistle! As a supervisor, Alan performs the dirty and evil job of the boss. It implements dismissals until, surprise, surprise, the whole plant is closed and Alan himself remains a pathetic and unemployed failure. There are no cliché-free zones here, friend! Not only this, but Alan also loses the seductive Steph from the most unlikely relationship you would ever encounter. If you think the plot is melodramatic and didactic, do not ask for the details. What is the meaning of the shaving cream on Steph's seductive leg? Why does the hotel, where the couple makes love, eventually make someone illegally enter one of their larger rooms and, among other pandemoniums, the sheets get dirty regularly, quite spectacularly on one occasion? Summarizing this film in one word: Avoid, Avoid, Avoid.
