I saw this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so anything would have been an improvement. On top of that, it prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 days later and its sequel. Unfortunately, the more I saw it, the more I realized how well the original by Danny Boyle was and how much this film influenced 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> <br /> One can not help but notice how much that the franchise 28 has come out of this type of Italian horror movie. I was totally convinced that ZOMBI 3 should have been done in 1980 or 1981 at the latest, in which case I would have called my summary 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?), But it was not until I came to this page to find it. released in 1988. All production values ​​shout that this is a low-budget splash film from the first part of that decade. I could have enjoyed this movie as a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, as my classmates would, but not now. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies are mixed with the rhythm of a snail, while others can run very fast and have self-awareness, which leads to a ridiculous final scene with a DJ. Similarly, some can be killed with a kick in the face, while others are still alive, even if they have their heads cut off, wait to see the refrigerator scene, you may just die laughing. Even the serious characters suffer from this kind of careless scripts devised where a character suddenly reveals that he is a helicopter pilot that leads me to wonder why the army has been using it to drive jeeps for a race. <br /> <br /> Obviously, you remembered the previous movie THE CRAZIES that also reminded me of the last 28 movies. A large number of terrorists enter the scientific base that leads to all kinds of disasters, and the military are the bad guys who try to kill both the infected and the survivors, and long before the end, they will have resolved that practically all die . The problem with this is that you will instantly be reminded how the British franchise did it much better with a bigger budget. Not only that, but the franchise 28 will attract a thinking audience that may have little interest in the average horror movie. ZOMBI 3 will not attract anyone but an unconditional audience.
