In 1979 Lucio Fulci premiered his movie Zombi. However, due to the previous import of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, which had been made with that name for its Italian release, it was renamed to Zombie 2. (Which also had the advantage of letting the audience think that this was a sequel to the second movie of rosemary). Continuing with this theme, the second Zombie movie, which would be called Zombie 2, was then titled Zombie 3. In the United Kingdom, the original Zombie movie (ie, Zombie 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue THIS theme, the second Zombie movie (Zombie 3) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for release in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So, if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn, then is 2 your day of the dead? While this is only a frivolous observation, this story of military compounds, helicopters and a complacent narrative certainly has a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Part of Fulci's European direction compels in a film like this, but the acting, the dubbing and the exposure script are absolutely horrendous. Their ecological message is so forced and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a subtext, while there is a hilarious (unintentionally) homage to the birds. Combining this last element with the rock of the 80s is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about the Time of the Apes (q.v.) all the time I was looking at this. Obviously, this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While here there's nothing like rivaling topless diving, shark fighting zombies and eyeballs in a splinter, Fulci's misogynistic inclinations get a job with a cleaner's mouth of hotels. Ground in a mirror until blood gushes. His gem blood predilections also see a hand cutting. Both themes are combined when the face of a woman is torn off, first by a zombie, then by a zombie fetus that rips the stomach of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> As for the production, this is obviously a step ahead of Zombie. , arriving five years later. (Nine years in terms of global release). But without the low-key charm of the original fight, while the music of Stefano Mainetti is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things in the movie '79. Here, zombie attacks unfold in what sounds disconcertingly, such as "Holding Out For A Hero" by Bonnie Tyler. In the middle of this carnage we get an annoying love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two macho types who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly declare the obvious. ("We have run out of ammunition" with a pistol that is stuck is a particular highlight). But where it also falls is in the zombies themselves. Key or not, Fulci's original had really gorgeous and rotten zombies. Faces of skulls, worms in the eye sockets ... they really were something to behold. On the contrary, this boring follow-up opts for the more traditional option of "men with a little paint on their faces". <br /> <br /> The climax starts too many Romero movies to be fun, while the use of the DJ is a coarse and cheap narrative device. By not containing the same elements of indignation and the gratuitous nudity of the former, it is unlikely that he has the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually left the project after directing, according to reports, only fifteen minutes, the rest filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure that even Fulci would have resisted the ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene, and that's why I credit the director for having the sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, it is his name that is about the title of the film in premieres, so most people will have the impression that it is a Fulci movie. On that scale, then it's a big setback for him, because this movie compromises what you imagine Fulci would consider the worst crime of all: being boring.
