Zombie 3 begins when a group of heavily armed men steal an experimental chemical developed to reanimate the dead, while they try to escape and the man is shot and the metal container containing the chemical is broken. The man gets some of the green chemical in a wound in his hand that soon after makes him a cannibal zombie who eats meat. In a matter of hours, the surrounding area is crawling with the flesh of the undead in search of new victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army comrades are in big trouble stopping to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring ) and her friend Lia (Deborah Bergammi) who has been pecked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is in charge of the situation and must stop the spread of the zombie plague around the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This film produced in Italy was to be directed by the Italian zombie Gore, film author, Lucio Fulci, but the story says that he suffered a stroke and, therefore, could not finish the film , so the producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of the second unit Bruno Mattei and the writer Claudio Fragasso to intervene and complete the film. Apparently, Mattei and Fragasso did more than just finish it, they actually ignored many of the images that Fulci filmed and added many of their own and Zombie 3 ended up as almost a 50/50 division. Fragasso's script is an absolute disaster, none of them is well thought out and as stupid as it seems. The scenes of zombie birds that attack people are not only technically inept, but the idea is absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow as they go, but then look at the scene where she was attacked by the zombie with the machete because that runs around like If it were steroids, then, without a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the film ends, the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak, which also seems silly. There are so many things that are wrong with Zombie 3, scene after scene of terribly thought out action and ineptly directed, with a horrible character and a really boring English dialogue that makes no sense half the time. Then there's the embarrassing scene in which the zombie head inside the refrigerator suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, the scene in which the guy in white suits of contamination is finally about to kill to Kenny and Roger, but instead of using their automatic rifles they decide to test them and kill them by hand, even when Kenny takes a gun himself they still refuse to use their rifles and when Kenny starts shooting them all they still refuse to use his rifles and is one of the most mishandled scenes that are filmed and then the end comes where Kenny takes off in the helicopter, but can not rest on the ground for a few seconds to pick up his friend and then a number of zombies suddenly sprouts from under some piles of grass, what? Since when are the zombies hiding alone under piles of grass? All this may sound "funny", but believe me, it is not, it's a really bad movie that is boring, repetitive and just does not work at any level as a piece of entertainment, except for some involuntary laughter. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know who was responsible for exactly what, but none of the images is particularly well filmed. It has an insipid and lifeless feeling about it and, for some reason, manufacturers have tried to bathe each scene with fog, the problem is that clearly they only had a fog machine and you can see that in a corner of the screen the fog It is noticeably thicker as it is coming directly from the machine and decreasing as it disperses through the scene. Since a lot of this is set up during the day, it does not add any kind of atmosphere and when they do it right and the fog spreads evenly across the screen, they seem to have filmed the scene on a cloudy day! The direction is poor without consistency and you only see and feel at the bottom of the things in the barrel. Even blood and blood are not too much, there is a bloody hand that separates at the beginning, a scene in which something is torn from the stomach of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (which really took her legs in the pool by the way). Why did not you take off the legs of the boy who jumped to save her?) And a few zombies that look good are as bloody as they can be. For anyone who wants to see a gore festival like the one Fulci served regularly during the late 70's and early 80's will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeding scenes, no bowels, no outstanding "head shots" and Very little Gore at all. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is poor, the special effects are cheap, the cinematography is boring, the music is terrible, the locations are dull and have background production values. This was actually filmed in the Philippines to keep the cost to a minimum. The whole movie is obviously dubbed, the acting still looks horrible and the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language so well. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is not a sequel to Fulci The classic zombie gore fest Zombie 2 (1979), has nothing to do with that, apart from the cash title. I'm sorry, but Zombie 3 is the mess of an amateur movie, it's boring, it does not make sense, it's not fun enough to be entertaining and lacks decent blood. One to avoid.
