Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did. Still, I wanted to enjoy it for being another zombie movie that was worth it, and it was not. This was a different kind of enjoyment. This was not healthy, a perverse joy that I participated in seeing one of the most ridiculous movies I had seen. And I do not care much about Fulci's excuses, there was no excuse for this movie to be the way it was. This was a bad movie in every way, but I still can not give it below 4 out of ten, which is what I gave it, because well ... at least I could laugh at this misfit of a movie. <br /> <br /> I had to imagine these zombies, which were on all the roofs of these buildings everywhere ... I had to imagine that they were bored as hell, so they crawled up onto the bricks and They were placed on top. erections of stone, or saw the fleshy and hairy band of fools approaching, so they were responsible for numerous air ambushes. Hell, what else is there to do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies doing what seemed to be twists, kicks and jumps of martial arts, and some wobbly as the traditional lovers of meat. I feasted my eyes on a floating head that was never explained. I observed, with pure and horrifying delight, the land they were in, the Phillipenes, completely enveloped in mist, large doses of fog, and that the ponds were like boiling castle pits. I even had to shudder when I saw that the design of a cure for this plague was drawn on a blackboard like an octagon with lines that extended from every angle, with "Dead One" written in the center. I had to wonder ... if the science of healing zombies is so easy, then I wonder if I could find something to start a zombie outbreak here. <br /> <br /> Everything in all the effects was overboard, the dubbing was horrible, I'm sure the original acted as poor, the story absurd, the zombies inconsistent, even in a bad way that could have been all similar, and ugly women, but I found myself enjoying this. It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would not recommend this unless you're interested in the bad films of exploitation of directors, but even so, once again, I say ... it was worth laughing. I crave zombie movies no matter what, but when this had the name of Fulci, it should have been much better. Let me dare to say, Zombie Holocaust was better.
