I am an avid fan of Lucio Fulci and, however, I must say that "Zombi 3" (also known as "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") of 1988, which he made with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a great disappointment . . Especially compared to his great predecessor, Fulci's own Gore classic, "Zombie 2" (also known as "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") from 1979, this is hugely disappointing. Of course, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it is not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who do not like Italian zombie films, and as a fanatic fan of Italian horror films and the cinema of Exploitation of low budget, I love many movies that have only been rewarded with much lower grades. In addition, many of my fellow Italian Horror fans seem to think that this movie is underestimated, with which I regretfully can not agree. It's not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, especially the nauseating gore effects of Fulci, which are always a pleasure to watch for an Italian Horror / Gore fan. The basic idea behind the film is not bad either (although it is far from original) and I liked the relentless portrayal of the military. Unfortunately, that's it. While the great predecessor "Zombie 2" was extremely bloody, but beyond that it is also really spooky, this is not creepy or scary for a minute, and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to see "Zombie 3 " The movie is sometimes fun to watch, but only for the gore and as an unintentional comedy. I guess it was mainly the blood that came from Fulci and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a lot of nasty cult movies (like D'Amato's "Porno Holocaust"), and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, the dreadful "Troll 2". In general, this is definitely visible to the gore, but, of all the Fulci movies I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen most of this great filmmaker's repertoire. I'm a Fulci fan, and I always will be, but this is not your magical moment. It can be fun for the gore, but I recommend watching any other Fulci movie before this!
