I can not remain indifferent to the films of Lars van Trier. I consider 'Breaking the waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I admired the idea in 'Dogville' but the exercise in general seemed too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. "Europe", that now I only see was a famous movie in its time, was successful in the USA. UU With the relative success of a European film and he won the Oscar for the best foreign language film, but he did not survive the moment well in my opinion. It is also an exercise too explicit and extroverted in the art of cinema to my liking. <br /> <br /> The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer. Treat the period immediately following the Second World War, not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished, executioners and victims, but in rather ambiguous moments in which people on both sides struggled to survive after a catastrophic event that The lives of nations and individuals forever are still a source of contention even today, more than it was novel and courageous two decades ago. However, it is the means of expression that really does not seem adequate for the task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to include many quotes that descend directly from the Hitchcock films, especially its early films set in pre-war Europe, with brave British spies fighting against evil German spies on trains crossing large speed the continent in the dark. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all its intensity and drama. Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first glimmerings of the rebirth of Germany after the war, of its power, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and civility. The characters that populate the train are far from being the classic tales of spies, good or bad. The main character of a young American of German origin who comes to post-war Europe and is willing to be part of a process of aid and reconciliation is in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators who seem more oppressive occupiers, and the defeated do not resign. to their destiny, but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love mixed with betrayal. <br /> <br /> It is still this classic cinematic treatment that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr seem confusing and lack credibility. The general cinematography seems not to be like that of Hitchcock, but rather by a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. The use of color on black and white film used in most cases in moments of emotional intensity It is also too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means, but it is too demonstrative, it seems that he tries too hard to show how good a filmmaker he is. It really is great, as it will show in some of his latest films, but viewers will be able to decide this alone.
