... but I expected something better from Caroline Munro. She has made some good movies, and I hoped that this was just as good. In fact, she and this other blonde girl character (the girl who was electrocuted, I think) were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could act. This movie has the worst performance I've seen. Almost as bad as 'Psycho' (1998). The really silly part was when the woman was in the shower and Marty prepared her to pour the battery acid there. She starts screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the whole world. she tries to leave, but "accidentally" falls again. I admit that violence and history are good, along with the music of Harry Manfredini, but the performance could have been MUCH better. There were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to Dan Akyroyd. Also, when they find the fried corpse of that woman in the bathtub, one would think that they would be screaming and vomiting. No. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only ones who react. Frank and Joe just show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton from one of my best friends, I would vomit. Also, when Joe starts saying things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault". He says it like he's nervous or scared, but he barely shows facial expressions. Then the blonde girl starts crying and says: "I'm scared, Frank!" and she grabs joe. I guess the actress really did not know what type was which. The end of the movie is the most confusing thing I've seen. More confusing than the climax of "jaws: revenge". All eight friends end up dead, Marty kills them all, but then, you see something that seems to be chased by their rotten corpses, and then he just cuts Marty off even in the hospital because of the accident, and then, when the movie ends, Marty He dresses like a nurse trying to sedate him, but then we see that Marty has gotten into his clothes or something like that, he kills a doctor, and the film ends with Marty's skin peeling his face. Which brings me to the next question. WHAT WAS THE WRITER WHEN HE GOT TO KNOW THAT ???????! Did you really expect people to understand what the hell happened? The ending left me so confused. Were the characters alive? Marty keeps holding a grudge? Do not the events we just saw have happened yet or have they not happened? I do not know. In general, this movie was pretty silly. The performance was bad, the music was good, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of the 80's average teenage slasher movies. Watch it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the movie came out of intentional drug abuse. I guess he was the only person who knew that this movie was what it really was. ONE PILE OF SH **
