The movie begins with a flashback to Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students plays a joke on the Nerd Marty class. When they are punished for playing such a joke, they follow up with a bigger joke than (along with the course in slasher movies that involve class nerd jokes) it becomes ridiculously bad, leaving Marty at the same time burned by the fire and disfigured by acid to be thorough. Fast forward five years, where we find members of the student body who meet at the now abandoned high school for their five-year class meeting. We discovered that it is not a coincidence that everyone in the meeting belonged to the gang of pranksters of the flashback scene, since all the attendees are being harassed and killed by a mysterious murderer dressed in a mask with an increasingly complicated mask and hallucinatory. ridiculous fashions. Sherlock Holmes does not need to solve the mystery of the identity of the murderer, since it is revealed that he is no other than a scarred Marty who has apparently been using his nerdy fury and his high intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering with the purpose of Pairing the school for its vengeance scenario. The film takes a turn for the weird when Marty ends up taking revenge on his former torturers, only to be chased by his ghosts. Marty is finally pushed completely over the edge and takes his life. Finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of disconnected oddities, as the whole vengeance scenario reveals itself as a dream in the first place when Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, frees herself from her restraints, stabs a nurse and finally disfigures yours. face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers a terminal case of horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the complicated and complicated ways in which victims are dispatched. The absurd ending that it was all a dream feels nailed. It is almost as if someone pointed out the disconnected nature of the film and the writer decided it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is atrocious. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to stop the movie and play with the color on my TV. The performance is below average, even for the Slasher films. I can not help thinking that the casting was part of the problem, since all the actors seem at least five years older than the characters they play, which makes the flashback scene even more uninvited to laugh. Their lack of commitment to the film is evident, since half of them do not bother to keep their accents directly through the film. <br /> <br /> All this said, if you like bad horror movies, you can like this too. It is not the worst movie of the genre, but it is far from being the best.
