What about Domino I hate above all, and I want to say everything, if not? Perhaps it was the general glorification of being a bounty hunter; maybe it was sexism masquerading as an interesting and interesting study of a hard-bodied female character; maybe it was the mere appearance of the movie with its strange yellow glow and distorted blue tones or the way it takes an actress like Lucy Lui; Who deserves much better than this garbage; and he has her sitting in the only place in the room that the light can not hit directly with the same silly look on his face. Maybe it's the edition; that horrible edition of rapid fire and the way in which the lines of dialogue echo when they are spoken by people like Kiera Knightly who, if they buy as bounty hunters, can probably fool themselves and believe that the world will end in 2012. <br /> < br /> Nobody moves away from Domino with any kind of credibility, absolutely nobody. It is a painful and misguided experience, inspired by things like Natural Born Killers and allowing ideas to unleash an audience that is not even there for them. The main question is: 'Was Domino supposed to be a kind of comedy?' with her hilariously bad advantage in casting certain lines that desperately want us to think she's becoming "tough," but in reality, she looks more like an arrogant fifteen-year-old on her first day in public school, trying to impress her classmates . There are things that you really do not know how to react to, if they are supposed to be fun or not. If it is supposed to be a comedy, that raises the following question: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really worth exploiting for laughter?" I do not think so. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with the title card "Based on a true story ... more or less". If it is supposed to be some kind of postmodernist technique that allows director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his own unique purpose, then you are simply on another planet. The truth is that, on the first date, the film identifies the subject and the original text before making a full copy and saying "more or less", which I suppose should allow them to make Domino bigger than it should be and appear in Jerry Springer. After this, we learned about Domino's relationship with his father, who died in the movie when he was ten or something like that; Here is the first use of the 'sort of' exit, since in real life she was only four years old. But if the film had gone through the dates of reality, then its complete disc would have been born from the death of ........ its goldfish. <br /> <br /> Then we jump into action with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley), herself and her possible love, Choco (Ramírez). During the scene, an American mother is caught by gunfire in her own caravan in the back of nowhere while begging for her son's life to be saved. What a really wrong opening; presenting his three tracks as unpleasant people who get into the trailers, shoot guns at innocents of whom we know nothing and we approach to shoot their dogs. <br /> <br /> The immediate feeling is of hatred towards the three. It carries, a feeling of 'No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening?' Bad seeds are sown and, if you knew, they stick. The movie is painful to watch, even unbearable; as these three make their way through the whole piece with the support of performances by actors known to play characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another postmodernist nonsense, people who play and that "kind of Joker card" that is play again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role that reeks of the character of Natural Born Killers by Robert Downey Jr. <br /> <br /> So the movie continues and Domino is chosen in the gang of Ed and Choco, only for his good looks. I might add, it appears in the middle of the plot related to the false identity records of the driver or something that Choco and Domino may have feelings for each other. The problem is that each performer is doing a job so bad in its respective character; there is no chemistry or feeling between the two; The movie is not a love story, so why bother going down that road in the first place? Does anyone care about these two characters in the midst of all the fast editions and the things that explode? If there is any "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a small, minimalist and minimalist scale that it must ask why it is even included. <br /> <br /> Then, the film feels the need to start. Things go up narratively. We discovered the reason for the false IDs that are linked to another person and a man speaks on a cell phone in a soundproof bubble. The soundproof bubble I can believe, but how can you put your phone under the water and get into the bubble in the first place without it flooding? He must have swum very fast? doubles the speed of the fasting edition of the movie, which means something in the .01 second region. Yes, sure. The story of the film becomes too complicated and simply arbitrary before resorting to a really stupid climax in which more things explode. Also, there is a really nasty scene to do with a wall graphic full of new ethnicities and the comedy of the movie is SO dry, you have to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" He sings while the people are on a popular American talk show. When we last laughed at "Jerry! Jerry!"? When we had, say, seven years? I left feeling sad and depressed by the existence of such a movie.
