I do not know if these movie problems are more the fault of Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews, the editing style is very exaggerated. It is absolutely distracting and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the movie. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this movie was so horrible that it deserved a comment. Movies like this are eroded into making films as an art form. Movies like this show more and more clearly that Reality's current focus on film is revealing the quality of the characters behind them. People fine-tuning there by hand, there are 5 senses and there is a business sense: to overlook their own inner life. However, I do not blame them, it is increasingly the unfortunate condition of this era, qualified by films like this. But, through these manufacturers, I would not dare to call artists who vomit for lack of inner life or consideration on the screen, spreading it to all. A story of bounty hunters, guns and more guns, with a strong hand and sex-show, for the popular actress (did they write the scene of the lap dance after they hired her?), Saturated, exaggerated, a single line, not Plots linear All different and yet all the same. Annoying overwhelming music to push emotion down your throat. A story? A development of character? or simply withheld, missing information, revealed at the end to create the * effect * of a story, as if one had occurred. As a whole, it lacks something remotely resembling subtlety. It is a caricature of stereotypes and gender. Where are the movies with Conscience? What about the subtlety of sound and music that you do not even know? What about the depth of a look? What about editing with a point about the mind and consciousness? Yes, even in action movies this can happen. Of course they have perfected a trade; But what good is it without soul and wisdom? of penetration in the human condition? Can people who commented and said that this is a high point of art, or compare this with Picasso and others? I say to put this next to Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of star wars or the Lord of the Rings; Then look me in the face and say it again. It's a good team, but they need some help with depth and history. I hope they get it because I like the previous work of the crew. Better luck next time.
