This was another dark title related to Christmas, a low-budget Mexican production by the exploiting filmmaker Cardona (¡NIGHT OF APES DE SANGRE [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which one? How many a gender effort of this country? It was purchased for launch in the United States by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by the two efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary. And, this time you've already received your share of criticism here, it's certainly not better! In fact, the film is quite reminiscent of the rarity that characterized the Mexican horror outings of the time, but was given an additional dimension by virtue of the gaudy color (which, in view of the prominence of the reds, apart from St. Nick) , the devil plays an important role in the proceedings? throughout, it was essential). Anyway, in short, the plot involves the efforts of Satan to stop the appointment of Christmas in Santa Claus with the children of the Earth; There is, however, much more madness along the way: to begin with, our corpulent, bearded white and chronically cheerful man in red lives in a heavenly palace that, in addition to accompanying child toy manufacturers from all over the world, his piano while they sing (laboriously throughout the first scroll) in your native language, visit Merlin? The famous wizard in King Arthur's court, here, disconcertingly, but amusing, prone to children jumping and muttering nonsense! ?? Once a year to acquire potions that would bring some drowsiness to the young and become invisible (indeed, the magician's anachronistic presence here is no less unlikely to be a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in SON OF Dracula [1974]! ); By the way, at this moment, it seems that he has always gained some weight, so Santa has to train to fit into every proverbial fireplace! The antics of the Devil (rubbing his hands with enthusiasm every turn and, in general, improvising) to support the delivery program of St. Nick, is perfectly childish: in fact, his tits shells are like an old routine of Laurel and Hardy more than anything! To avoid race time, we focus on three groups of children: one, the lonely son of a wealthy couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than his company (projected as a wish fulfillment fantasy where the child finds his parents wrapped in extra-large packages!), a girl from a poor family who longs to own her own doll (the one with horns first tempts her to steal one, then invades the little girl's dreams) in vain) and a trio of brats who, incited once again by Satan, do not think about anything but causing harm and eventually fall among them. Definitely, here there is imagination at work, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the general youth approach keeps the entertainment (unless one considers the film as a guilty pleasure) well at bay!
