This Santa movie starts strangely and I think Santa could be a fart. Instead of the elf toy makers, this Santa Claus has apparently kidnapped kids from all over the world and makes them sing a bit like the characters in "It's a little world"! I suppose there are no child labor laws in the strange astral plane in which he lives (apparently it is NOT the North Pole and it is not on Earth) !! None of these children seems to be very happy and I still wanted the commandos to enter and rescue the uncles, although I suppose that for some of the children in the third world, these working conditions were perhaps an improvement over the local workshops. I hope that all you do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then, the scene changes abruptly to Hell, where many and many demons dance as if they were in a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun is held back by Satan, who orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to ruin Christmas! Personally, I thought that this movie already did it! The devil and his devils are really cute, like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics, but with great bitches! Or, if you're Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Somehow, a poverty-ridden Mexican child named Lupita, a group of unequal children who want to assault Santa Claus and some rich child are key battlefields for the Devil and Santa Claus. Then, if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, is the OTHER Prince of Darkness) can somehow make him steal and be evil, he will "win". What, we really do not know! In fact, while they support it, it gives you the impression that the filmmakers want Santa to be Jesus, since he has all these great powers and he fights against the Devil for the souls of the children! Later, Santa meets his friend, Merlin. He asks her to make him a special powder that makes people dream pleasant dreams. Considering how much Santa laughs in the movie (like a demented chipmunk), I assume he must use this drug A LOT! Immediately you will see a blacksmith who makes a magic key that opens ALL the doors. Considering that it keeps children as their personal "assistants", this key magic thing worries me greatly! During Santa's Christmas Eve walk, you see Lupita behaving like a little angel, a minor problem. Santa takes time to care for the rich child whose parents are selfish idiots. He gives them a kind of crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems, two problems solved. This is a rare case in which alcohol / drugs HELP children and solve problems. And as for the little muggers, give them coal! Frustrated with his defeats against Santa, Pitch tries to steal the sled (which is pulled by a creepy animatronic deer). When this fails, he destroys the cache of 'magic dust' from Santa Claus. As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and climbs. Uh, oh ... how can Santa deviate to the Betty Ford clinic if he's stuck in a tree? St. Will Nick get off the tree and take the monkey off his back or will the demons win? If you care, tune in and look. However, keep in mind that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is yecchy. While it is in color, it is really striking. Music is made mainly in an organ, which, along with the bad singing of children, produces perhaps the worst soundtrack I've heard in recent memory. And the story is simply incomprehensible and very, very, very creepy. The demons and a Santa who kidnap children is simply a believer. It's a movie that you should NEVER show to children, but it's an excellent movie to watch with friends so you can laugh from beginning to end!
