Whether you see the regular version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the absolute GALL that came into this production. The filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from one end to the other and, obviously, do not care that they are doing it. <br /> <br /> Everything about this is cheap. Even the automobile of the 1950s in the retrospective sequence of that time seems to have been taken out of a scrap yard. <br /> <br /> The "goblins" are, as you probably know, "made" with poorly made hand puppets and stuffed toys when a person is supposed to be attacked by them, it is clear that the victim is holding the toy to his own body. When the bugs slink away from the two security guards, this is shown (or rather, not shown) when the camera points at the guards when they look down and turn their heads as if they were watching the goblins go by. It is reminiscent of the scene in the movie "Tangents", where two people are standing in the ruins of a future world, observing the remains, and nothing is shown to us. Budgetary constraints allied with total incompetence generally mean that you will not have anything worth showing, why try? The "sets" were absolutely ridiculous. "Club Scum" was an obvious restaurant; The house seems to have been an unoccupied house, probably for rent or sale, which the production company got for an hour or two to shoot. The "spaceship" is something that I would have been ashamed to build when I was a 10-year-old girl who was building models. <br /> <br /> The motivations of the characters make no sense: Kevin is denigrated by his useless ingrate. because he has not made her "proud of him". I am sure that this was intended to make their reconciliation, so touching in the end, but any man with true self-respect would have told him to go to hell and leave. Nick supposedly came back after 2 months of army training (yes, good haircut, Nick) and seems intent on proving that our country is being defended by sadistic and foolish animals who are sex maniacs. Kyle is a telephone sex fan with red shorts who dreams of a night with a dominatrix guy dressed in spandex, but he's so effeminate that he's more likely to be gay than not. One of the girls is a rude and the other is a poor quality. <br /> <br /> What about the goblins? In the end, everyone returns to the vault where they have lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed at how primitive cinema can be in our modern era when you have an idiotic script, an incompetent direction, actors who are so bad that they would be rejected from a high school theatrical production and worthy of Edward. D. Wood, Jr.
