"House Of Evil", also known as "Dance Of Death" from 1968, is the first of four last infamous and strange films starring the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), all of them were released after the death of Karloff in 1969, "House of Evil" was released in 1968, when Karloff was still alive. "House of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four movies, which are certainly pretty bad, but they definitely have their entertainment value as the unintentional comedies they are. Personally I prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House of Evil" to the other two, simply because the lack of the slightest logic is even more extreme, and as there is no suspense in any of the films, the lack of logic increases the factor of involuntary fun. <br /> <br /> The strange story (I do not know if I can really call it an 'argument') takes place somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls are killed and found with broken eyes, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ musician, invites his few remaining relatives to his strange mansion, which is full of spooky toys. His relatives include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I will not reveal more of the story, but I can assure you that it is quite Strange throughout the film. There are some very funny moments, especially some things that Karloff's character says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and important icons of the Horror genre that has ever existed, and manages to reward this strange film with a little of its greatness, and although (or because) its role is (due to a bad script and address) is in no way scary, seems to play it deliberately with a sense of humor. As in the successors of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female lead is once again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of the supporting performances are hilariously amateurish, the cinematography is terrible and the locations and settings are below contempt. The plot lacks the slightest logic and dialogue often does not make any sense. However, it is the bad story and the dialogue that makes this movie so entertaining to watch. "House of Evil" can be an extremely bad attempt at a movie, but it is certainly as (unintentionally) funny as it is bad. The fans of Ed Wood's films should be very entertaining, I personally found it very funny. In spite of everything, it is entertaining and definitely worth seeing, as it contains Boris Karloff and the fun factor. 3/10
