I had some time to kill before watching football, so I saw that this movie was offered on the science fiction channel and, literally, after watching it, I thought I had found my version of mentally walking in the march of the Bataan's death when my conscience was defeated by the horrible movie that started the series Mummy and Jurassic Park. It was so bad that I thought the opening credits were the highlight of the movie and then they had such a huge drop that it made the recent stock market crash look like a hiccup. The performance was so bad that I expected everyone to be buried at the end. The leadership of Casper Van Dien made me long for Steven Seagal's high-caliber performance in "On Deadly Ground" as his line reading was so hard that Woody Woodpecker was thinking of making a cameo to sit on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I had the impression that my kitten was more expressive when he asked for popcorn to eat. The direction was so abysmal that I looked back and longed for the play recital of my nephew grade 3, which had more pace and better vision, and the fact that this film seems to have come together from the later ideas of the franchise of the film mentioned above, can not even be considered as a tribute The FX of the film was so bad that I thought the director and the producers were friendly to the environment by recycling cheap special effects of Z-grade horror movies of yesteryear. What Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Lewis were doing in these films surpasses me, and they should analyze the litigation against their agents for misrepresentation by involving them in such a boring film. My warning to one and all is that you watch this movie at your own risk, since this movie can cause your IQ to decrease with prolonged viewing. On a side note, I noticed in IMDb that sometimes salaries for films are published, I was wondering if that is a way in which actors should pay back wages for their bad performances in such films. Be careful and be sure to avoid at all costs.
