The Fallen Ones begins with the archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert discovering the mummified remains of a giant 42 feet tall, now there is something that is not seen every day. Matt is working for property developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a vacation complex on earth and calls archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure about. Anyway, both try to decipher what they have in their hands when part of the team disappears, Morton calls security guy Ammon (Navid Negahban) to handle the situation. Meanwhile, the translator of ancient texts, Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates some ancient texts (as he would) and is surprised to learn of a malign prophecy in which these giants will rise and conquer the world for the Fallen, or something like that. that. It's up to Matt to save the day and the whole planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the film as the former warrior leader at the beginning, I personally thought that The Fallen Ones was a terrible movie and as simple and direct as that. There are so many things that are simply bad about The Fallen Ones both technically and conceptually, the script does not make much sense and does not really start until the last 20 odd minutes in which I almost lost the will to live. The characters are horrible and with the cliché you want, the dialogue is bad and very bad and the whole movie is predictable. I mean it's not going to be surprising that Casper Van Dien is going to save the moment. ? It is not a big surprise that the mummified giant comes back to life, so why wait more than an hour in the movie when most of the audience will be in a comatose state? This is bad, very bad. They have warned you. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook does not impress, the fight scenes are absolutely horrible and why wear your bad guys with a horrible purple tone? They look naff To give you some credit, the special effects on the giant mummy itself are really good, although there are not many of them, since it does not appear for more than an hour, there are also some normal-sized mummies that seem to have arrived. Directly from the set of The Mummy (1999), unfortunately, they are not accustomed to any great effect and, in fact, they are wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical mummy was a good idea, but it seemed silly and there is no way on Earth that all the people inside can work synchronized with each other to operate it, in reality, the more I think about the idea, the more ridiculous it is. Forget about any fear, tension or atmosphere and do not even think about anything bloody or violent because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Fallen ones are nothing special and apart from the impressive giant Mummy Effects there is little of it to get excited. The CGI phantom and the effects of water are terrible, it was made for television and its programs. The acting was bad, Wagner seems embarrassed and this is probably the only thing that Dien & Bosley can get these days. <br /> <br /> The Fallen Ones is a bad movie, there are not two ways to do it so far as it worries me. It is not recommended at any level or in any way, one to avoid.
