The tragedy of the damned Titanic has inspired many books and movies. The battle between nature and technology always caught the imagination of man. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by the famous action film director James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) of different origins (one is a vagabond artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how his love triumphs over social barriers and the tragedy of a ship that it sinks. it turns out that they are in. <br /> <br /> First of all, although with a historical name, this film had little regard for history. The plot was built around two fictitious lovers, the French diamond and the treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people in the largest luxury boat of his time became a mere background. Many historical events were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the warnings on the iceberg? Why did not mention the ship that was only 5 miles from the Titanic but did not come to the rescue because its captain could not identify the distress signal? Omitting these facts is an insult to tragedy. And what was the point of spicing up this historic disaster with a fictional cheesy romance when the story is already as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The general plot was quite superficial; Rich is equal to greed and corruption, poverty is compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money is corrupted. There was absolutely no human side shown in antiheroes. It seemed that Billy Zane was playing a part of the devil. The casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear that she was his nanny. The length of the film was stretched unnecessarily to more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half were wasted in establishing the relationships between the characters that were known to the audience long before going to the theater and the dialogue that was used to do it was even worse. Listening to strings that pick up lines like "I see you" and "This is my side of the boat" generated more pain than the screams of people drowning. In addition, the jokes were too plentiful and quite boring. <br /> <br /> The "Titanic" involved some moving scenes like the part the musicians played on while the ship was sinking, but by no means were they close to anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserves a prize. <br /> <br /> Although this film lacked artistic value in a general sense, the audience could not resist a sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and thus the film became a success. Now it is safe to say that the industry will have less hesitation in investing large amounts of money in a single movie, so it seems that the "Titanic" achieved something after all.
