ELEPHANT WALK was a pretty boring movie and I really felt quite happy when finally a herd of elephants stormed the mansion and finished this movie. Considering the money and the cast, I would certainly expect the movie to be much better, although I also question the strange casting of Dana Andrews as a man who is in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I just can not see the couple as a couple. Perhaps part of this may be the fault of replacing Miss Taylor with Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to the deterioration of Ms. Leigh's mental condition), although I also have a hard time visualizing Andrews and Leigh as well. Also, for an English woman, Miss Taylor does not even seem to try to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The film begins when Peter Finch and Taylor meet and get married in England. His plan is to return to the Finch tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to and the household staff seems to resent her. On top of that, once home, Finch behaves like an imbecile and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews can see this and he declares his eternal passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to abandon her marriage. But, throughout the course of the film, Finch treats Liz more and more as an object and, finally, is ready to leave ... when suddenly, cholera hits the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day, although at this point I did not really care, since there's absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring and you can not understand it. why Taylor did not leave her weasel husband a few days after arriving in this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The movie is not particularly attractive or compelling and, despite a decent quote from Paramount, the movie is a slow mess. In particular, I was surprised that, although the film seemed to be filmed in the place, many scenes were clearly shot in a studio with a shot projected backwards (and grainy) that was not well integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the lot are sitting in the gallery and the grass is bright green. Then, when the image cuts people dancing right in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are NOT really in Ceylon in this scene or in the scene with the giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a cup of coffee nearby to keep you awake. Despite your budget, it is simply not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor have been pregnant for part of this movie? In some scenes (particularly at the beginning) she wears undulant clothes, has a double chin and looks swollen. This is not a criticism: after all, women get pregnant! But if you look closely, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> In addition, by the way, the basic plot in many aspects is similar to GIANT: a great Taylor movie! It's amazing how a decent casting and direction can do so much.
