This movie is made of poor quality, not original garbage. I like romantic comedies sometimes. Looking at a good one is like eating ice cream for dinner. It's not something you're going to do all the time, but the experience is so enjoyable that you can ignore how reckless you are. This movie made me think about how stupid it was to remain seated throughout his execution time. Everything that shouted done at a good price. Actually, it seems that they overexposed the film at certain points, so it is very clean. It has CGI games and cheesy lame, too. <br /> <br /> The writing was clumsy. I know you can usually expect some plot problems in an enigma comedy, but in general you do not care because you're laughing. This movie is so funny that you really sit there and wonder about the unlikely series of coincidences and the completely incredible behavior that implies. The events were placed in the film only to move the characters from one scene to the next or to provide an exhibition. Sure, that's how all movies work, but you should not notice what's happening. Inelegant. That is the term you should use. <br /> <br /> Almost no one in the movie was really nice. I did not care who ended with whom, as long as they stayed away from me, and I no longer had to listen to them talk about it. Why is the only really cool character in the film, Paul Rudd's character, wanting to have something to do with the completely perverted and condescending control monster played by Eva Longoria? In addition, almost all the characters involved consistently chose the most sordid solution for any situation. A heterosexual man pretends to be gay for five years just to hang out (and bathe with) with a woman who attracts him? The best time to feel good was to face a happy ending for the same idiot in which he joins with the equally annoying lie of Rudd, the sister of the kleptomaniac? Lake Bell and Eva Longoria are very attractive and attractive women. Maybe they will find something better to appear on the road.
