After apprehending the man responsible for the murder of his boss, deputy sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, has the task of bringing the assassin back to Italy. On the way, however, the plane is diverted to Malta. Not long after the landing, the assassin escapes. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, Sheriff Geronimo's assistant is trying to recover a murderer. But will your brand of "shoot first, take names later" of Texas justice work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me get this out in advance, I've seen Final Justice with and without the comment from Mystery Science Theater 3000. I've seen the scenes that were cut that help make the film a more coherent whole. And I've seen the TV cut version that was used for MST3K. Having said that, I must admit that I prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is a bad movie. The MST3K comment helps make it much more acceptable. On its own, it is a true snoozer of an action movie with a cheesy dialogue (often with such thick Italian accents that it is impossible to understand), poor acting, weak direction, gigantic plot holes, and almost everything else what you will find in a bad movie. And if the majority of Final Justice were not "so bad, it's good", it would be a terribly boring movie above everything else. So, yes, I enjoy the often very funny MST3K comment about the bad movie. <br /> <br /> My main strengths with the MST3K commentary and with most of the comments I have read in Final Justice, however, involve the criticism of Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses in Baker's performance actually have nothing to do with his size or his character's costume choices or any of the other jokes that are thrown in his direction. Instead, I think a lot of this has to do with the bad decision to put him in the lead in the first place. Joe Don Baker has always seemed like a pretty decent actor, but he is not the kind of person I would call an "action hero" in any sense of the imagination. He is more of a partner, as he demonstrated with solid performances in a couple of James Bond movies. Or if you really want to blame someone for problems with Final Justice, point your finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's resume can not begin to compare with Baker. So I say, "Fire Joe Don Baker!"
