Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a drunken, sweaty murderous fox in a stupid cowboy outfit that Roy Rogers would have laughed at. Somehow, he still has a badge, probably because he lives in Texas and will let ANYTHING be a cop there. <br /> <br /> This greasy loser is an adjutant sheriff near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, he was once a Texas Ranger, but he was expelled because he seemed to think the law was his own personal bouncing ball to play at his discretion. This includes firing suspects who are on the international border in Mexico, beating suspects, cheating in shootings, threatening women, initiating shootings that could have been prevented, and achieving the life of a child threatened in the process, letting women He promised that he would help and protect him to be killed just so he could get out of jail, etc., etc. This guy makes Los Angeles cops look like saints in comparison. <br /> <br /> When a partner of men kills his fellow wandering Italian assassins, the character of Joe Don chases them and kills one of them. Then he takes the other to Italy at the request of a Mr. Wilson, who rightly believes that Joe Don will ruin him in a big way. In record time, he loses the Italian and blows up a Maltese taxi driver in the process. This is only the first of the many deaths and the great destruction that Joe Don leaves in a path behind him as he advances through Malta in search of Palermo (the Italian murderer). <br /> <br /> Thus begins the part of the mobius strip. the film, in which our hero is arrested, dictated by the Maltese police chief, comes out and causes more problems, is arrested, receives a conference from the chief of police ... and so on, and so on. Until you want to blow your brain with Joe Don's ivory-handled pistol and put an end to the horror. <br /> <br /> Joe Don demonstrates his uselessness not only in the first time Palermo escapes, but in the subsequent chase by boat. which he lowers in a single blow. Then, Palermo takes it after threatening a woman with a coat rack. You expect Palermo to torture him in the basement cell where he is installed, but no, the stripper who threatened came and took him out, because he promised to protect her. His throat cuts quickly (great surprise) and Joe Don escapes at night. <br /> <br /> And here you expect to have drowned in the (yet another) boat chase. But even the ocean does not want it, and spits it out on a shore where a poor Maltese family cares (what did they do to deserve that?) He returns to the city, where he is arrested by the police, gave lectures by the chief of police. .. arrrgghhh! The police officer who has been accompanying him releases him so that they can go to look for Palermo. Why would she do anything so cerebral that she destroys her career for this great vaga that surpasses me. It is simply disconcerting. They go out to the village where Palermo is hiding and begin to shoot. Joe Don cheerfully cheats and kills Palermo. Then he pronounces the great and dazzling last line of the film: "The big one has my badge. Can you go look for it?" Thank you for that immortal line, Mr. Baker. That will remain in the annals of the history of cinema as the last line more literate, amazing and wonderful ever uttered by a character in a movie. Without a doubt, it coincides with everything else about the character. Bravo.
