Witty. Peculiar. Authentic. Surreal. Butterfly wings? One might ask what best describes all these words, and some (those who are fused with the international film community) can quickly say Success, but others can jump aboard the most American train and immediately scream, The butterfly effect. Strangely, I would be one of those who shouted in that Kutcher science fiction movie, mainly because none of the words I mentioned initially at the beginning of this paragraph accurately describe the characteristic of Tautou that I witnessed. Of course, we all loved her in Amelie and we thought she was the daughter of Jesus in The Da Vinci Code, but in this film for the first time the director (at least of a film) Laurent Firode does not give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, it does not give anyone the chance to really prove himself because he is caught too delicately in the moments of "random chance" to take this movie to anything, but it's just a shine (it's never a true boil). Firode has many, and I use "broad" as a small word, moments throughout this film in which could have created a fantastic story, a fairy tale and a coincidence genuinely whimsical, but instead fell flat on his face - chaotic interwoven bucket that overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that left us breathless for less. <br /> <br /> The beautiful face of Tautou adorns the cover of this box, but do not be fooled immediately as I did in assuming that this would be another monumental journey towards the French cinema of Tautou. Tautou is in this movie, do not get me wrong, but you could argue that she is not at the center of this story. Firode's job is to create a series of random events that eventually lead to an audience-friendly ending (albeit confusing) that exemplifies the meaning of refreshing "melodrama". He, absolutely, fails completely. Firode fails to give us, to the audience, too many characters. With too many characters, it gives us too many random interventions, and in the end you do not really care who is who, or what is what, or how it is how; His main focus is to focus only on the final credits and the time of destination of his arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from the disaster it would have been if only Firode had given it the center. Unfortunately, he did not, but he apparently tried to force a group of 12 through a theoretical-sized movie hole the size of a penny. It just did not work and we were left with a jam in which we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because he focuses so intensely on the little details that, for one of those strange cinematic appearances, he actually forgets the central focus. I can say that there was no central focus defined for Happenstance. At first, try to create one with our two supposed main characters discovering that they share the same birthday and their horoscope promises love in the light of the moon, but we never return to that throughout the film. Instead, again, we are bombarded with new characters, congested scenes and meaningless nonsense, obviously chosen to get us away from a real story and more in a world full of "ifs, ands, and buts". I could not do it. I could not believe this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same guy who runs this garbage) uses such a primitive technique in this film that I immediately felt I had to finish it immediately. He must have assumed that many of us were unable to really follow the plot (or the scientific premise) because he takes the help of a homeless person to complete the respective blanks. I did not need this, nor do I think Firode needed to belittle his audience in this matter. While there were other elements that simply did not seem to work for me (again, I felt like a Parisian collage of shredded paper), this was the icing on the cake. I do not need my hand in movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this movie a star for credit. This is a very difficult genre to master successfully. Time travel movies are especially difficult due to the innumerable possibilities that are never taken into account, but with Happenstance it works because Firode explores the different ways. While I will respond by saying that it does not do well, it did last at least five full minutes of fun. I liked where Firode was going with this movie, he had a genuinely diagrammed story, but the final execution just shattered this movie. Firode could have saved this movie if he had strengthened his characters, while lightening his premise and history. I think my general mood of this movie would have changed if they had taken these two simple instructions. Oh, how I just wish I could go back to the production of this movie to show Firode the mistakes of his ways. <br /> <br /> In general, for the first time (and probably the last), this was a Tautou. Movie that I must say that has disappointed me completely. From the choppy opening to the apathetic end, I felt that Happenstance had failed due to Firode's leadership and horrible marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why would someone buy this movie thinking it was an Amelie 2 (according to the title published in Hong Kong), and why would I place Tautou directly on the cover knowing very well that she? I did not wear this movie at all. I think that from the first minute that happened on my DVD player, this movie was a disaster. While I applaud his subject, everything else was well below the level of mediocrity. I can not suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Rating: * out of *****
