I am an avid fan of cinema of violent exploitation, who would never attack a film because it is violent or disturbing. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films like "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left" as authentic classics. Anyone who browses my comments from other users will notice that I am actually very pro-violence / gore when it comes to movies. However, I do believe that there should be at least some point in the violence. This piece of shit has no point at all. The first film of the notorious series "Guinea Pig", "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but, unlike many other controversial films, this stinky has nothing to recommend. I must say that, before watching any of Guniea-Pig's films, I already had the feeling that I would hate this, knowing what it was about. However, because of its status as one of the most controversial films, I decided I had to see it. I am very happy that I did not spend money on this pile of garbage, and I sure would not have wasted my time either. <br /> <br /> The history of this thing (I do not even want to call it a 'movie'): It does not have one. Three assholes torture a woman to death for about 40 unbearable minutes. That's. There is no artistic value, there is no 'shocking' story, there is no suspense; nothing. Simply the disbelief that a movie that does not show ANYTHING except for a woman tortured for no reason enjoys a huge cult of followers. It's disturbing, I give it to him. Of course, it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more disturbing, however, is the fact that many people seem to consider this pile of garbage as a kind of masterpiece. I really can not understand why. The fact that bloody effects seem realistic can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all the torture. That makes the movie look less realistic, which is, in this case, a good thing. This is a movie that is disgusting; Not for its gore, but for its redundancy, its existence with the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since it is 100% false and no one was hurt during its production, it is legitimate to make a movie like that. However, I can not think of a single reason why anyone likes this, other than the morbid desire to see suffering and the enjoyment of torture. The sequel to this film, "Flowers of flesh and blood," gained notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen mistook it for a real tobacco movie and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the movie turned out to be false. In general, "The Devil's Experiment" is a false torture / snuff movie that seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close as possible to a real snuff movie. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies in which I have had the misfortune of sitting. Do not torture yourself by trying this piece of shit for your controversial state. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I would like there to be a negative scale to properly qualify this pile of garbage.
