Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented comedians of today. With his spontaneous hyperactivity and rubbery face, he can go crazy, and we love him for that. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (ala Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comic outlets. Or, in the case of 'Liar Liar', turn them into some of the funniest contemporary comedies that exist. Carrey has also proved capable of dealing with dramas. It was excellent in both 'Man on the Moon' and 'The Truman Show'. The guy is extraordinary. <br /> <br /> Then comes 'Bruce Almighty', an ideal vehicle for Carrey and a premise that should have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life sucks, is empowered with the powers of God. However, the script is pure recycled garbage. Now, no matter how bad a script is, only Carrey's improvisation sometimes makes a funny scene funny. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to break loose, because much of the comedy is based on silly special effects, only some of which are fun. Carrey can rarely improvise because he has to avoid special effects. Apparently, the writers thought that all these special effects and sequences of superpowers were fun, because the rest of the movie is simply a fill that gives Carrey nothing else to work with, plus a whiny character who has no humor. It seems more like a yearning for 5 years for our attention, wanting the viewer to discover what he is doing funny, when it is really annoying. <br /> <br /> I have always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston in 'Friends' and she was excellent in last year's 'The Good Girl'. She also has a gift for comedy, but with the script as linear as it is, she is simply given the part of the bitter girlfriend. She is annoyed, bad-tempered, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. <br /> <br /> 'Bruce Almighty' should have been a comedy that works. But he does not even have the guts to tackle the subject he is making fun of; religion. A few minor giggles (his internet is Yehweh), but instead it has only become a comic superpower comedy. Not to mention that his tone changes from silly to heavy-handed comedy, and even black at times. The movie fails on almost every level. That is not to see that it is totally devoid of laughter, but it is close. Any movie that feels the need to incorporate scenes of a dog urinating to get its laughs has problems. But hey, if you find funny jokes, do it. <br /> <br />
