When I read the summary of the film, something like what happens when a man gets the powers of a God, and how he later learns that having supernatural powers requires a great responsibility and a great responsibility, I thought it was an intelligent and original concept. The casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a movie with a good idea and good actors be bad, not to mention the costs of filming? Can. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan is, let's be honest, a fairly mediocre journalist, with not very good stories (like the story of a giant cookie, what a misstep, and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), It's a man with a job that meets MERECOS (not a good journalist, is a comedian), considering their potential, with a good home, a sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR. Dog that is not trained at home! Yes, as soon as Bruce, at the beginning of the movie, starts addressing GOd in a "God, why do you hate me?" In this way, the average viewer should think: "Why, what about your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and he is definitely NOT the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems that happen to you are minor and not worth it for all the fuss you make, and some of them are actually the result of your stupidity. Most people have really big problems, it's worth the attention, most people are more worthy of attention than Bruce, who does not seem to be too human after all, does not even seem realistic, too silly and neurotic, but God is still addressing him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks good as a God, I can not help but wonder what he is doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this movie could easily give his powers to a 5-year-old child and there would be almost no difference. No, wait, an intelligent child would probably use his powers of God better than Bruce. What is Bruce doing? Bring the moon to earth to create a romantic atmosphere, distribute the red soup, lift a nice woman dress on the street, answer the prayers by email and make them all come true. No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce could really do with the world, but in the movie, that does not happen, because it's "a good family movie, small" and does not make any sense at all. It is not a sign of sarcasm, of real humor, of wit, of some dirty humor, at least. Nothing. Only Carrey plays dumb, which is beginning to look pathetic on the middle-aged actor. Aniston here is discreet. She plays a pale and undeveloped character of Bruce's girlfriend, Grace, and remains completely forgettable in this movie. No one in their right mind would believe that these two have some kind of chemistry between them. When Grace says prayers for Bruce, it sounds not only boring and pathetic, but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt that the film deserves one. Bad script, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, wit and sophistication, as well as underdeveloped characters and the simple roles of Freeman and Aniston, total lack of audacity and sarcasm, everything makes the film barely worth it. But hey, there were few funny moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in any movie, so let's leave three stars.
