I saw this movie in its first week of 1975. I was 13 years old and at that time I found it appropriate and somewhat fun. Then I came to discover the WORLD of Doc Savage through the Bantam novels of the old stories of pulp magazine. I had no idea of ​​this in Doc's realm before, but I quickly became one of the most avid Doc Savage fans you can meet. I read (and still have) all the Bantam books, I started going to the comics (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all kinds of events for fat kids) and I had a wonderful time with every adventure I made with Doc and The Original Fab 5. Book by Philip Jose Farmer - The apocalyptic life of Doc Savage became a small bible for me and to this day I have very affectionate feelings regarding my Doc phase. By saying this, I have to admit now, years later, that this movie really lost the ship. It's a movie that I did not know what I wanted to be when I grew up. The script was childish and looked little like the history of the pulp. These stories of the 30s were short and if one looked at the scheme of Lester Dent (also known as Kenneth Robeson) to write them, they were divided into PERFECT act dramas 3 screaming for screen treatment. One would have thought that with George Pal and Michael Anderson in the lead, it would have been better. The elements of the parody fail in the objective and the most serious moments almost arrive, but soon they fall short. However, it is interesting to note that they hired actors from second-line characters (types who had actually been only small players and extras before this movie) who acquitted themselves very well. Paul Gleason, of course, has become an excellent player of public services in all facets of entertainment and Bill Lucking is a perennial of television. All the others have fallen off the map sadly. I want to have a copy of this movie, since it is the only film version of my hero, but I'm afraid I will not see it much because it's too painful. I'd say it's 0, but I give it 2 out of 10 instead of the art direction (Doc's answering machine at the end was a nice touch) and the cast of 3rd stingers stood for a moment under the sun.
