I pulled this out and I saw it tonight. Honestly, I think it must be 20 years from the last time I saw him. I remember it was a seriously flawed movie. I do not remember having been THIS bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely horrified that a project with so much potential has been abused so reprehensibly. Who is to blame for this? The 2 types that wrote (and I use that word in a simple way) the script? The casting directors who so terribly wronged at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among "the incredible 5"). The director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, and kept the horrible music above bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I LIKED the song, but it should never have been used throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should be ASTONISHED with some of the lyrics he wrote for that music? <br /> <br /> I guess I should get this out, less than a week after I reread the comic book adaptation. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie more or less (actually, LESS) are parallel to the first issue of the comic. While I was watching him tonight, he kept asking me: why had CASI changed almost all the details? The doctor appeared, then used the remote control of his wristwatch to open the safe, and the sniper's bullet was missing 5 inches because the refractive glass was almost the only thing that remained the same. I mean, if you are going to do an "adaptation", WHY in the name of God to change EVERYTHING ??? <br /> <br /> Once they leave Doc's headquarters, practically NOTHING is as it was in the comic (which, given Roy Thomas, I think probably follows the book). I read somewhere that actually combined elements of 2 different novels in a movie. Again-- why? I heard that it was changed because they could not guarantee the kind of budget they wanted. I watch the movie and I think ... AWAY, THE LACK OF MONEY explains what I saw on the screen! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they really should take a look. in this thing The best I can say is that I think it would be a great double feature with the BATMAN feature of 1966, and probably a great triple bill with that and the 1980 GORDON FLASH. The 3 movies are "dumb". Maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and television series) for this. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's BATMAN ruined the image of comics in the minds of generations of noncomic fans. I think the same could be said about Hollywood. They remind me how many movies really, BAD based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger ... all "murdered" by Hollywood guys who think "OH, comics! So you know what's supposed to be STUPID!" More as if they were the "stupid". What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say some good things ... Despite the script and the direction, Ron Ely is BIG. When I read a DOC SAVAGE story, I do not think about James Bama's paintings, I think about Ely. Bill Lucking (who was later a regular at THE A-TEAM) is fantastic. Eldon Quick (whom I've seen elsewhere, but I do not remember where) is fantastic. Paul Gleason, whom he hated with passion and revenge in THE BREAKFAST CLUB (the "masters" like the one he played should be banned from teaching anywhere), may be the best of the "5 amazing" in the movie. Pamela Hensley, although her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story, is great. Before letting go of her hair, I also noticed that she looked a lot like HELL from "Ardala Valmar" of those horrible LUCE ROGERS strips by John Calkins that I just read the other day. It has a big nose like Ardala, but not so pronounced. The Ardala comics actually looked more like the 1936 movie, Princess Aura, or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your choice (Actually, Ardala had plastic surgery on George Tuska's strips - after that, it was awesome!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, funny enough, I saw him last week in an episode of GET SMART. I wonder if it looked anything like the character I was supposed to be playing. I do not know, because that character was not in the film from which he takes his title.
