After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras, what the world needed was a good game hero of the old-fashioned chapters of poisonous snakes and evildoers in America in 1936 or in the jungle of South America in a series. of fantastic adventures hanging from the cliff. Unfortunately, what he got in 1975 was Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best that can be said of the final film of the legendary producer George Pal is that his often beautifully designed but sadly adapted adaptation of Kenneth Robeson's pulp and rustic novels probably caused George Lucas and Phil Kaufman to leave the theater and tell each other. better than that, "and add a whip, a battered Fedora and some much needed character flaws to the mix. <br /> <br /> A big part of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even harder to write for superman? Explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in tanning, bleached, blond, bullet proof body of a Greek god (or rather the shape of Tarzan's television, Ron Ely, a clone You can not do and, what is more harmful, nothing that can harm it.) Man is the virtual embodiment of Hitler's ubermensch Aryan (not surprising that the DVD is only available in Germany!), although with values ​​of all Americans, and just in case there should be something that has been overlooked (not that there is), you do not have one but five cronies in your entourage, the (less than) Fabulous Five. chemist, an electrician and even an archaeologist I can accept, and in a stretch could even see the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer with him in his adventures? Actually, Doc's brain trust was probably added because with the hero, so invulnerable and practically perfect in every way? even the kryptonite did not want to make a dent in him: there had to be someone at risk in the stories, but with the exception of Paul Gleason, they are all so horribly misunderstood and exaggerated (like most parts in the movie). Happily I kill them all during the first titles. The villains do not fare any better, with Paul Wexler exuding the whole threat of a geography teacher like Captain Seas, Scott Walker (no, a different one) presenting one of the worst accents of cinema (he's supposed to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh , Greek). Pakistani or any nationality nobody has ever heard of?), While Marilyn Monroe-ish, the silly blonde of Robyn Hilton, gives Paris (unrelated) a run for her money in bimbo bets without talent. <br /> <br /> Even with those drawbacks, this should have been much better than you are considering the various ingredients? Lost tribes, a group of gold, a dog fight with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes to life, all wrapped in a quest to discover why Doc's father was killed. Unfortunately, it's a matter of tone: in the 60s and 70s, the pulp superheroes were not worried about the action scenes and the avant-garde special effects, but they were treated like comic figures from the camp's fun low budget with action scenes quickly. Leaving aside the cheap almost as a late occurrence, the films aimed exclusively at the matinee market: you know, for children. There have been rumors for a long time that the original cut was more direct. and, certainly, much of the value of the camp has been added in the post-production, whether it's Colgate's glint in Doc's eye, the comic legends that identify various fighting styles in the ending with Captain Seas or Ginger's handwriting -don Don Black for John Philip The Sousa patriotic marches? but to begin with there was a lot in the movie. After all, it's hard to see how one of the villain's subalterns who makes calls from a giant crib was never conceived as anything more than a joke that does not work, while Doc's explanation to Pamela Hensley of why she never goes out with girls It could be a scene. written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, like Doc showing his sixth sense, for example, by wagging his Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps an even bigger problem is that, although it promises on paper, the action is handled in an almost relentlessly mundane way, whether it's chasing a native killer on the roofs of New York's skyscrapers or escape from a yacht full of bad guys. Even the winning notion of animated bright green snakes swirling in the air while poisoning their victims fails to arouse the enthusiasm of director Michael Anderson: after having demonstrated his own invulnerability a couple of scenes before, Doc manages to send them without more than a chair and an electric fan simply pulling the curtains. <br /> <br /> Even so, apart from the various Doc vehicles, all with their logo stamped and with a more molded plastic appearance than bronze, the production design is often quite attractive, even if it is very Obviously, LA is in New York, while the cinematography of Fred Koenekamp ensures that the film often looks good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of its execution time in a story of origin, though one is left with the suspicion that Doc was formed entirely from the very heart of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that I would really like to receive, but it feels like 100 minutes of missed opportunities. It's no wonder that Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, the optimistic sequel promised in the final credits, never happened.
