There is nothing surprising in 'The Amazing Mr Williams'. Part of the problem with this movie is its main actor, Melvyn Douglas. He was a lousy and lazy actor with him. For most of his career, he allowed it to look good, simplistically and (generally, but not in this film) some good scripts to compensate for his lack of ability to act. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I knew something about him as a person; I have learned enough about him to know that I also despise his politics. I will give credit to Melvyn Douglas for one thing: his chromosomes produced the incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this movie right after the brilliant 'Ninotchka' ... talks about a low! 'The Amazing Mr Williams' is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a plainclothes detective in the homicide squad, called Kenny Williams. I never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they called him Kenneth Williams ... well, what kind of luggage. The whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is killing women. No reason is given for this; He only likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams to the carpet to explain his inability to catch the killer. <br /> <br /> APPROACH TO THE SPOILERS. The cheap, vulgar, untalented and unattractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (She does not sound literate enough to present a letter, let alone write one.) Blondell and Douglas fight like a cat and a dog, so it's obvious that they'll end up together. <br /> <br /> At the lowest point of this film, Melvyn Douglas decides to get the killer disguised as a woman. You DO NOT want to see Melvyn Douglas in the drag! He's over six feet, and he does not even shave that annoying mustache. The similar William Shell was an actor very similar in type to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised herself as a woman in 'Love Crazy', she had the integrity to shave her mustache: a real sacrifice, since Powell needed her to grow back to her next role. But Melvyn Douglas brings nothing to his role in this movie, not even a razor. He plays his drag scenes with the same annoying smile he used for most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, 'The Amazing Mr Williams' has some of the splendid support players who made the Hollywood movies The 1930s so charming. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, moving and funny like a criminal who receives an improbable suspension of his life imprisonment. The dyspeptic Donald MacBride is fine as a cop who gets confused with the killer, and is almost attacked by a gang. Ruth Donnelly is splendid: as usual for her, but here she has the opportunity to show her talents far from her usual orbit in the Warner Brothers backlot. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the smiling Dave Willock are fine in small roles. Barbara Pepper (whom I generally do not like) is also good here. The grossly unpleasant Maude Eburne has a screen time; I always detest her, and she gives the same performance in all the movies ... but some audiences really enjoy the interpretation of an Eburne note, for reasons I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you're familiar with the Hollywood characters of the 1930s and the roles they used to play, a look at the list of IMDb actors will tell you who the killer is. That's the problem with 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': everything is too obvious. I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10.
