Even if you're a huge Sandler fan, do not bother with this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming that it has to be at least half decent since my man, Sandler, is in it and because I assumed that some women would undress (judging by the R rating and women with little clothes on the cover) ). Well, there are quite a few women with little clothes, but none of them gets naked. I'm not sure what point this was in Sandler's career, but I guess it was even before his SNL days. I can be wrong This is like watching one of your home movies. He could look back on a corny movie like this and remember the good times ... but we (the audience) let ourselves dry up. This is not a movie"! Sandler talks a lot with the camera, and even admits at some point that it is a "no budget" movie (that's right, not a low budget movie, a movie without a budget). So our job is to almost laugh at the extravagant characters. There is no stable plot, it is like an extended sketch comedy program, but one crude and poorly written. That guy who played the unpleasant comedian was completely annoyed and, in the first place, it was unlikely that he would receive such a massive audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying Henny Youngman's only classic line "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I'm not even going to try to make any logic here. Of course, current and recent Sandler films are not known to make much sense (the penguin in "Billy Madison", the dwarf in "Happy Gilmore's" Happy Place) but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur job, and even if you're curious about Adam's early days at the movies, you will not be interested. It is best that you review your start in SNL or perhaps your underestimated role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, Sandman is not the only actor wasted in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a secondary role and the great Burt Young (from the films of "Rocky") has an important role. <br /> <br /> It's likely that this horrible comedy is gathering dust in the 99-cent rental section of your local video store, and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
