Hollywood has now officially gone too far and I really hope that this parody of a movie creates a genuine reaction against its garbage machines, despite the good results of the box office. If you are a person in the industry who is reading our comments for suggestions on what to do next, STOP. Stop turning our television shows into these disgusting, stupid, time-wasting films and stinking movies. In doing so, you are proving one thing: Hollywood has no ideas, and watching the movies they produce only perpetuates the cycle of disgust. What is next? Will they go and ruin the bionic man? <br /> <br /> The film is simply wrong, and manages to get the most stupid and simple fact of the show totally wrong by forgetting (or ignoring)) that the Bo & Luke Duke of Tom Wopat and John Schneider were "reformed" . They were arrested, they learned the lesson, they went in a straight line and they were there to help people and be good neighbors who, by chance, shot dynamite-tipped arrows from bow-hunting and drove like Steve McQueen. Uncle Jessie of Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the Boys do it well, even at their own expense or out of embarrassment, while making sandwiches and coffee for when they finished their homework. They always did the right thing and had a kind of naive ingenuity about them that was quite attractive. We wanted to be more like them than we were, sorta. My favorite trick of the series was that the safety belts were always buckled before roaring, which was apparently too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> By transforming the Duke family into a pack of jokes, jokes and criminals. , peasant quarrel, misogynistic losers, the film does not have a moral point of view, in which the program was all about how honest or incorruptible the dukes were. Is it supposed that the Duke boys in this movie are good guys? I wanted to hit both of them in the nose. It seems that they have a lot of free time on their hands that they could spend doing tasks on the farm and end up pursuing less than noble ends, if not acting as a couple of 14 year old boys who have not grown up. There should be no use of marijuana, do not gape on the body, or turnips or their breasts, or shenanigans that involve the Brothers in da Hood. Everything seems to be the job of a marketing consultant who conducted a survey in the mall of what 14 year olds like to see in movies. The problem is that 14 year olds can not remember the program, IMHO should not watch this movie either, and parents who may feel nostalgic for the program will be upset by what the writers, directors and producers did to our collective memories. Just to separate us from our money, which is exactly how I feel. What were you thinking ??? <br /> <br /> And boy, they * NEVER * misunderstood Daisy. Jessica Simpson, dressed like a whore from Pamela Anderson's mall, may be the only reason for someone to see this misfortune, but she can satisfy her needs by simply downloading some promotional photos of her, printing them and sticking them to the wall in a bathroom. . It's just in the movie (which is the only salvation of the movie), and the ten minutes or so they used it were STILL excessive. Catherine Bach's Margarita may have had the same kind of shorts and long legs that make people feel funny just by looking at her, but the Margarita she played was a * PERSONA *. The problems she caused simply because she was who she was had an almost natural sound. She is still one of the pop culture icons most scandalously created, but there was someone at home. And the most important thing is that she was a sweet and loving person who could not help it if the boys ignored her. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Jessica Simpson looks fake, invented, made-up, dressed, posed, aloof, bored, out of place, and I do not think she looks so good in the outfit. It does not look like a person but a plot device, evoked during a deal with someone who represents his agent. Mrs. Simpson is recommended to dismiss that person immediately and pretend that all of this never happened. Whatever the joke was, she is not involved and is exploited in a shameful way for T & A. If that's all you want from your career, do the executive sequel, if only to make sure you have enough screen time at least, because this effort was pathetic. <br /> <br /> The conclusion is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and a Slurpee to take away, you can pick up one of the excellent collections of Warner Bros. games from the original DVD shows and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the film could be its future use as a questioning tool in Guantánamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this and they will be singing a chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean it. AND KEEP TO THE HELL OF BIONIC MAN, you complain.
