In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) manage the moon liquor made by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding the local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). His problems with the Chief are just beginning as they learn that he has been planning to remove the city for the valuable minerals below. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV show and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start soon. I like stupid comedies, but this one did not offer much laughter. It was a pretty boring image, since the first hour was very difficult to understand. The second part was a little better, but this movie was a missed opportunity. The film focused too much on Bo and Luke. The characters in general were not very interesting and the actors who portrayed them did not do a good job. <br /> <br /> The performance was not very good. I did not expect it to be good in the first place, but none of the potential customers was fun. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville have below average performances. The latter was quite good as Stifler, but he tries too hard here. The latter seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing more. Jessica Simpson is not known for her performance nor is she really known for her singing. She is famous for having her own reality show and for saying really silly things. She is beautiful but she is a weak actress. However, it does not matter because she does not really appear in the film and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also has a secondary role and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was fine. The second was Starsky and Hutch, which was quite fun. It does not do a good job here, since history is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that would have made this movie work better. The movie is also quite long for a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes are not exactly long, but it feels a lot longer because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think that the comedies should be short or they should find a lot of material to cover all the execution time. The Dukes of Hazzard barely have fun gags to keep them running for thirty minutes and much less in 106 minutes. The sequences of cars were average and do not save a movie that already has problems. In the end, Dukes of Hazzard can attract some people, but most people will probably find it boring and it's better if they just skip it. Rating 4/10
