The makeover of old TV shows seems to be the norm in Hollywood these days, but this lack of respect, the bathroom mood, the rude language of your mother's mouth kiss, the scam is a cheeky middle finger for all the fans of the Dukes of Hazzard both north and south of the Mason-Dixon Line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke making a run in the moonlight for Uncle Jesse (there's no shine in the show because it would put the kids back in jail as a parole violation) to the final sequence Uncle Jesse smoking grass with the Governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his previous forms of adultery) This disappointing movie loss is an open insult. I can not tell you how many parents I saw getting up and taking their children out of the theater in the first 15 minutes of the movie when they realized they had been horribly deceived. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a safe game for children, with Hemi's power, which showed fun and parents did not have to worry about teaching the seven words of George Carlin to their children. I have read reviews that indicate that the program and the film are nothing but racist. Those commitments could be correct about the movie. Those commitments are ABSOLUTELY incorrect on the show. The show, in any case, was about getting along and being friends with ANYONE. Hollywood has finally openly expressed its disdain for those of us, Yankee, Rebel, or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and doing the right thing, even if it is not popular. Hollywood has finally brought to light their belief that those of us in the heart of the country are stupid, uneducated, beer drinkers, dirty mouths, junk who will buy whatever piece of junk they are willing to sell. Show the Hollywood elitists that they are wrong. YOU ARE NOT GOING TO SEE THIS FILM. Boycott the sponsors. Fill out Warner Bros. email and email inboxes with complaints that we do not appreciate destroying one of the best television shows of all time. Save your money and buy the DVDs of the original program, but whatever you do? YOU ARE NOT GOING TO SEE THIS FILM
