When I heard that the Dukes of Hazzard were going to remake themselves with the current actors and a solid script, I said: "Well, I'll give you a chance, it's not going to be better than the first, but look what happens." Well, I saw what happened. I saw a great show in the late 70's and 80's that was a classic, basically humiliated by Hollywood. It's so sad to see that Hollywood writers can not find something original these days. They seem to take a great show that had a large target audience, and try to "REMAKE" the classic show. Hollywood INCREASES ... IT DOES NOT WORK !!!! Anyway, more about the show. I think they could have chosen a better actor than Sean William Scott (American Pie Stiffler) to play Bo. I'm sure John Schneider is definitely disappointed with the way his character was portrayed and taken advantage of. Also, I really got, Johnny Knoxville, like Luke Duke. How low can you go? An imbecile actor to play Luke. This makes me sick. Also, I'll give Jessica Simpson a beautiful woman, but her performance stinks. Catherine Bach, who played the original Daisy, was smart, sexy, strong, of good opinion and a good southern girl from Illinois. She was every model girl to follow as she grew up! (I was the owner of the doll and the Jeep, thank you very much.) Anyway, Jessica Simpson played a smart ass, a 2 bit bitch like Daisy Duke. Daisy was never blonde. Why did they have to throw it out? Jessica Alba would have played a great Daisy Duke. She can speak with a big Southern accent, and she's beautiful, and she would have done a wonderful job. Anyway, I would like to say that this movie blew something fierce. I feel like I got ripped off by paying $ 8.50 for the tickets and they should reimburse me. If you like the Dukes of Hazzard (the original series) do not see this movie. It will only bother you. CMT (country music television) plays the repeats of the dukes all the time later at night. So set your TIVO and go with the real thing, not with the imitation on the big Hollywood screen.
