Sometime in 1998, Saban had acquired the rights to produce a new live action series for Ninja Turtles. Naturally, being a fan of TMNT in the past, obviously this was what caught my attention the most. Then, when I started watching the program ... saying that I was disappointed the final result is an understatement. Some time later (more like recently), I had the opportunity to review the series. <br /> <br /> First of all, let's talk about some of the positive aspects. They managed to recreate the Turtle's lair as it was last seen in the movies quite well, given the limited budget they contributed with this. There tends to be this darker atmosphere in general in terms of sets and other things. And the Turtle costumes, while not the best piece of puppets and other things, were functional and seemed quite resilient for most of the actions that would follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain about getting rid of Shred quickly and replace it with these original villains that could have been easily used in a Power Rangers show. But you can only get Shredder defeated so many times before he gets bored and undermines his value as a villain ... and besides, most fans do not realize or do not remember or just ignore the fact that in the comic original The shredder was released in the first issue! It does not matter the innumerable resurrections that would follow. So from a personal point of view, I was glad that they got rid of Shredder because then the anticipation would increase to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode. I find that Shredder in small quantities works better because then his encounters with the Turtles are even more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up replacing it with these original villains who, as they said, seemed more suitable for them. a show of the Power Rangers that a show of the Ninja Turtles. And with these new generics with a magic hilt comes a new turtle with a magic hilt, the infamous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I never felt comfortable with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female turtle; I am against the idea of ​​someone who uses magic and, therefore, stands out as a sore spectacle among a clan of ninja turtles that seem to be outside their domain. I almost got the impression that this could easily have been the Venus De Milo show dealing with their fictitious enemies and the TMNT is there to provide the power of the star (or whatever it is left in, taking into account the time period in which it was launched). Fortunately, everyone shares the focus of attention together. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was eliminated after a season in the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given the time and perhaps another season, I really believe that this live iteration of TMNT could have been something and could have had the opportunity to achieve greatness. But while the idea was solid, the execution was flawed (although there are a couple of good episodes in this series). As it is, Next Mutation is one of those rarities in Turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.
