Dr. Hackenstein begins at the beginning of the last century, '1909 The Dawn of Modern Medical Science' to be exact. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of his rejuvenation of experiments with living tissues. Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring back to life a rat with skin, which confirms that he has managed to restore life to the dead ... now it's 'Three years later' and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) are at Doc's house for dinner. While Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eat, they talk about the Hackenstien experiments that Dean Slesinger has always opposed, Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his lab in his attic where he keeps the severed head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) who died in an unfortunate 'accident' and I can talk telepathically with him (Christy Botkin apparently listens to Sheila's voice). Dr. Hackenstein also showed Dean Slesinger a chicken with fur that scampered in a cage and explained that with the process that he has developed will bring Sheila back to life. The dean has some kind of attack and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) plus their brother Alex (John Alexis) and his cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) drive near Hackenstein's house when they crash, search shelter and assistance. and get to the Hackenstein gate. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four stranded travelers to stay for the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who deliver a male body when Hackenstein really needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is the genius who decides not to miss the opportunity to have three beautiful young specimens available and begins to "borrow" the pieces and pieces he needs to complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I will affirm at this moment that it is not brilliant in any sense of the imagination but because of what I really liked. It moves at a reasonable pace, even if it tends to crawl a bit in its middle while things calm down. The script tries to mix the slapstick humor as a scene in which Dr. Hackenstein tries to contain Melanie and she tries to get the attention of her deaf housekeeper Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by throwing and Hackenstein keeping Melanie behind the back of Yolanda, who apparently has forgotten. What is happening, with a touch of blood, but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein is more a comedy than a horror in conception and feeling. There are also some whimsical puns and sexual innuendo that are always good for laughing. Dr. Hackenstein to Wendy "would like to see my instruments" as an example. I also thought that the scene in which Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reports that her missing daughter's dismayed detective Olin (William Schreiner) was a rather amusing sequence that spoke in a circle about why she is not looking for them, although only has said, why the cell does not have a prisoner inside and that if he does not find the cousin do not worry about that. None of that is simple, but I must admit that sometimes I found myself smiling and found that the movie as a whole was quite funny. There's not much blood on the screen, some limbs cut off, Sheila's decapitated head, some medical seams and those fur animals that are definitely fake by the way. I also liked the characters of Dr. Hackenstein, which was a surprise in itself. The acting is not brilliant, but to give credit to everyone, they put in a lot of effort, many exaggerated facial movements and a serious overexploitation means it's never boring, oh and the three birds in Dr. Hackenstein are in shape if you know what I mean . Technically, the film is also fine, once again, it will not win any Oscars, but I have to give the filmmakers at least some credit for trying to achieve a turn of the century. It does not always work, the clothes disagree with each other sometimes, the girls resemble those of Victorian England, while the boys resemble their own western ones. The house looks as if all the filmmakers have had any modern objects removed from the room and put a few candles there! It looks like a bit cheap, but it's not really a bad looking movie at all. Although I could have done it without the musical comedy. In general, I ended up enjoying Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought I would, although that in itself is not a recommendation. It's certainly not the best comedy horror movie ever made and it's not the worst either. A pretty visible piece of harmless fun.
