Apparently, there is a very good reason why I never heard about "Dr. Hackenstein" before I and a couple of my colleagues accidentally stumbled upon him and stupidly decided to give it a try. That reason is: it sucks! It is a very useless horror comedy / parody, boring, imbecile and totally unmemorable. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure if this was a comedy, because sometimes the script takes itself quite seriously and tries to be a really ambitious and original horror effort of the late 80's. In the year 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science according to the initial sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women. no more no less ?? to restore his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. Now there is only one living head left, but the stupid body thieves only provide male bodies. Then, when Dr. Hackenstein yells "I need three female bodies to bring my wife back", his words are not even cold and miraculously three young females (and a really annoying nerd) appear with problems with the car. step. Why does that never happen to me? "I need a group of sexy, voluptuous women to fill my empty harem!" ?? See nothing! Anyway, the good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately? for the science that is ?? develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a boring film that tries to take advantage of the success of "Re-Animator" and even steal shamelessly some of the comic aspects of that classic, like a cut head that speaks of a single line. It's easy to see why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, as it does not attract fans of the horror or comedy genre. The funniest character is, without a doubt, the Ruby grave robber, who speaks out loud; Represented by the anti-cherub Anne Ramsey. The horror fans of the 80s will surely remember her from "Deadly Friend" by Wes Craven, where she played the nasty old neighbor who is beheaded by a basketball. The "Dr. Hackenstein" supposedly takes place in the early 1900s, but there are almost no attempts to recreate the atmosphere of that era (except perhaps some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's laboratory is a pretty cliché set from the 80s, with all kinds of smoked cauldrons and test tubes filled with fluorescent colors.
