The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great ghost story, it's the perfection in the movie. It is a disturbing story of 4 people entering a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movement, it terrified people. It still remains valid until today if you appreciate the movie. So when The Haunting was remade in 1999, many people had the same reaction: "WHAT? WHY? WHAT?" But in my opinion, if a remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent history for the new generations, I'm pretty good with that. This is definitely not the case, this is just a disrespectful lack of embarrassment that will waste your time and I guarantee you will not be scared. Pfft! PG-13, what were you thinking? Apparently, not much. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister evicts her, Nell receives a phone call and tells her about an ad for an insomnia study led by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, an isolated mansion. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of caregivers who do not stay on the property after dark. Shortly after, two other participants in the study arrive, Theo Savage and "the one who sleeps badly", Luke Sanderson, along with Dr. Marrow. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow's real purpose is to study the psychological response to fear. Each night, caregivers chain the door out of Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or leaving until morning, when caregivers open the lock. There are no telephones that work within Hill House and the nearest city is several miles away. Dr. Marrow delights the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family full of children, however, all of Crain's children died during childbirth. Crain's wife committed suicide before the house was finished, and Crain became a loner. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience a strange phenomenon inside the house, including strange noises and unexplained temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main hallway is vandalized with the words "Welcome home, Eleanor," and becomes extremely disturbed, trying to prove that the house is obsessed with the souls of those victimized by Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting abducted children for slave labor and killing them when they were no longer useful. Then he burned the bodies in the fireplace of the house to hide any evidence. He also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, of whom Nell is a descendant. Everyone thinks she's crazy, while Nell is convinced that this is where she belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Not to mention the actress who played Nell, Lili Taylor completely annoyed me, her performance, her appearance, everything related to her, I do not mean things I would do to never see her again at the cinema. Catherine Zeta Jones also did not fit into her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actress, once again lost talent. The effects are too exaggerated and too computerized, I just can not believe that they destroyed a wonderful classic with this garbage. Believe me, if you're going to be afraid of something, be afraid to see how you can turn a great ghost story into an annoying piece of stupid exaggeration. Oh, this movie is already hurting me, I just do not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
