For anyone who has seen and fallen in love with the stage musical A CHORUS LINE, the film is a poor quality substitute. Not only are songs cut, but unnecessary twists are added to the plot, new dance sequences are choreographed and, let's face it, Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to film dancers. <br /> <br /> On stage, A CHORUS LINE by Michael Bennett It was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift for Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of blunt and direct realism that really made you feel for these "kids" and "girls". The film, however, lacks empathy and depth: it seems that the actors are auditioning for A CHORUS LINE instead of actually auditioning. Every movement, every line of dialogue seems so weighted and planned; Michael Douglas, especially, since Zach has too much control for us to believe he is an extraordinarily malicious choreographer. Even when he throws his temper tantrums, you never believe him completely because every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is obviously rehearsed. And as for not dancing: Kevin Kline auditioned for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved reading it, but Kline could not dance and finally lost the role. How I wish they had done the same with Douglas! A CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a program about nobodies, and apart from some recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, as Sheila and Khandi Alexander, from NewsRadio TV, as one of the many dancers who audition) are I'm not supposed to know any of these people. Because you do know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his despotication instead of the boys and girls on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It's really unfortunate that the best sequence in the program (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically reduced to make way for a new and terrible song titled "Surprise, Surprise" that surprisingly received an Oscar nomination. The "mirror dance" of Cassie has a new song and a tragically boring choreography, one wonders why they bothered to film a version of the film if they were going to mess with a formula that worked so much. <br /> <br /> For the fans of the musical theater and those who enjoyed the theatrical version, this film is a sad mockery of everything they loved and loved. For those who could never see the original production, either on Broadway or on a tour, this film is the only reference they will have to see. And you'll have to wonder how it came to be the longest running musical in Broadway history, until a little show called CATS got over it in the late '90s. But ESA is a different story, and do not even get me started there.
