I'm not a purist of the stage. A film of this work could have been made, and it would almost necessarily require changes ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest concepts of this material are lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film who are in the complete mode of "superficial overproduction". It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Maybe only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have ruined this in the same way as Attenborough. <br /> <br /> On stage A line of choirs was a triumph of work as a production method. The dancers who responded to a casting call were sitting around the house to shoot their on-stage career experiences (very 70!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took a while, gave them a song and released them like them. ...amazing! Incredibly modern. The 'history' of ACL tries (in turn) to respond to a call for casting for a work of which we never have a complete vision, because the work does not matter. It was a goal before the idea was invented, 25 years before the adaptation with a similar idea. ACL was also another in a reductivist trend that is still alive, and that is a hallmark of modern creativity: that technique in itself is convincing ... that there is more drama in an average person's life than one could synthesize with invented characters. What a funny idea. The play had an area of ​​action (an empty stage) and three different ways of modifying the background, to alleviate the visual tedium, not to distract the spectators. The space recedes and the stories of the actors are highlighted. It worked well That was the point. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. As expected, there were none, and there were no costumes until the dancers went out for their final ties, in which the stimulating "One" is finally performed, in a powerful way, in full top hats (gold) , with movements We recognize it because we have seen them in practice sessions. The contained anxiety of the work is released and the public went crazy. <br /> <br /> After Grandpa handles this, it's like a strangled and scrambled bird. Clearly, he has in mind the previous, respected All That Jazz (and the play of Fosse, Dancin ') while making his decisions. Hamlisch's score was sharp and interesting at the time, but time has not been kind. It's as absurd as "jazz hands". And that's before Attenborough touches him. It is remarkable for finding all the good that was left, and destroying it. <br /> <br /> A simple question could have helped Attenborough by filming this: "Could I stand to spend a few minutes with people like you?" A major problem for any adaptation of the work is how the 4th wall of the theater (fundamental for its absence in the theater) will be addressed in the film format. There has never been a more "frontal" game. The answer they came up with was: "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" The cast has grown from a manageable number of unique narratives, to a crowd choking on each other and the public, and combining their lattice shapes. I ignored my threshold of annoyance when that small and annoying runt sways on the stage with a rope, doing antics to the audience (absent). The play made you understand theater people. This movie just makes you want to strangle them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the annoying tendency of the Broadway characters who walk directly to the center of the stage and sing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of relating to other characters that started here. But the worst imaginable resurgence of the work will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A chorus line is a pure stupid.
