On Broadway, A Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second, the show opened with a spectacular burst of energy until the grand finale, a cheerful curtain call of all those members of the choir we grew up to love during the course of the show, we were totally engaged, captivated by the intensely personal stories . , some funny, some intelligent, some touching, of this chorus line. The movie is something else entirely. Now the focus is on the director, and what OGRE is! Every time the film changes to Michael Douglas, there it is with a bitter and bitter expression, that shouts questions and orders, screams and screams whenever it has the opportunity. Oh! That changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was in fact an imperious presence offstage, but it was also a kind of theatrical device to allow the stories of these incredible members of the strong / fragile / intriguing / hilarious chorus line to be told with insight and clarity . There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And actually, in one of the few moments when the director appears, he is there to console the young Puerto Rican dancer after hearing the heartbreaking story of that dancer. He appears again to finally express his genuine affection / concern for Cassie. But in the film, since the second director of Douglas begins to bark orders bitterly, the stories of the choir members become secondary. It is as if they were in a lousy profession, where a director jaded instead of showing the joy of creating a new exciting theatrical show, is tired, exhausted, furious at having to listen to these choir members. On stage, there was ALWAYS the excitement of the show. Here in the movie, practically from the beginning, you feel sorry for everyone involved. During the course of the musical, we desperately wish each and every member of the choir, and how happy we would have been if everyone had gotten the job! But of course that could not happen. But in the end, when they all came back with a glorious disguise with those amazing rotating mirrors on stage, sometimes reflecting on the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all the members of the choir that both accepted and rejected They were always on stage dancing in a profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the story lines and the misplaced emphasis, that magic is completely diluted. All we feel (even with the same curtain call), is that some of the members got a job with a petty director. So they all appear on the screen and are dancing again. What a thing.
