For those who never saw A CHORUS LINE on stage and their only exposure to history was this movie, this movie is fine as musical movies, nothing special, it's just fine. I've seen the show on Broadway 4 times and even auditioned for a touring company on the show at one time and for someone who practically memorized the original production, the 1985 film version is so terrible on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never auditioned for a theater production, let me assure you that when they audition for a play, the director, the producer and the choreographer never ask personal questions and do not give a shit why they wanted to to become an interpreter. A true theatrical audition, whether for a play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you're auditioning as a dancer, they show you a 64-bar dance combination once, you do it and then decide immediately if you're inside or outside. The original concept of Michael Bennett's show was to shape the life of the dancers and introduce to the non-initiated the passion for acting and why so many sacrifice for so little. The work is about these dancers. In the first place, the director Richard Attenborough focused as much on the dancers reinforcing the Cassie / Zach relationship as on that of Michael Douglas as Zach. In the play, you NEVER see Zach ... it's just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie is barely mentioned. Cassie showed up in the taxi in the traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs, talking to Larry (a character who is not even in the play) was added to the film and gave a lot of importance to what the story is about. The main musical numbers were cut or rethought. The opening number in the play "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers doing a combination of jazz and ballet and then the people are eliminated. In the film, three hundred dancers come together on stage and show them up close to disguise the fact that there are people in the film who can not dance (can you say "Audrey Landers"?). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love," a brilliant vocal exploration of the iconic childhood memories of these dancers was reworked as "Surprise, Surprise," primarily a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song of the program, "What I Did for Love", which on the show was a moving allegory sung by all the cast about what they renounce to the dance, becomes another standard love song in the film, interpreted with fatigue by an evil Allyson. Reed as Cassie. The choreography of Jeffrey Hornaday for the film is boring and unimaginative and does not offer a candle to Michael Bennett's original staging and when you make a film about dancers, the choreography has to be special. There are a couple of good dancers in the movie, the aforementioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they barely have a chance to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew gum At the same time, he receives one of the best numbers of the program, "Dance 10, Looks 3". I admit that the ending, "One" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for that. I'd say if you never saw A CHORUS LINE on stage, it's worth watching this movie, but if you're a devotee of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very afraid.
