*** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I love him in all other ways. He also has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris facts" that is really entertaining. But this movie seems like someone was joking with the audience putting all those "facts" in a movie. I really do not remember when I lost my time more than with this "action". I do not know what is the worst thing that this movie can offer you: a plot of terrorists that are not original and thousands of times created that try to attack the USA. UU By smuggling nuclear weapons into US soil UU Or maybe Chucks' "great" dialogues and words of wisdom about life. And everything else. Someone can find the worst that terrorists really speak English in everyday life. It is an endless list of garbage. Not to mention the large amount of archive images used in the movie, that's a bit annoying. The main terrorist sends a message to his comrades through the media when he is captured and the only guy smart enough to see him is: Chuck Norris, of course. Nobody else in America is not smart enough to see that! And all the action in boss capture is just ridiculous. A man is sent to walk through a whole UNARMED terrorist camp (I'm lying, he had a KNIFE), he escapes from his stalkers with JET PACK and then slips by a few hundred, maybe even a thousand kilometers to the nearest shore (the border of Afghanistan is 450). km away from the nearest shore), where it is rescued by a submarine. I was hoping that at least the fight scenes were good, but that's even more fun than the plot. If you did not know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO outperformed all of them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can be kicked and thrown by a single movement and the bad guys fly a few meters as dolls. You can ask me if I saw this movie until the end. I do. Why? Because I just wanted to see who, of these two superheroes, will deactivate the nuclear bomb of a few hundred megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized how stupid I am. Of course, it's Chuck's movie, after all. And not only does he only turn off the pumps with tweezers, but he does it - TWICE! I could write a book about all the stupidities of this movie, but I would like to dedicate myself to life. <br /> <br /> So, the creators of this movie created another Chuck Norris fact to add it to their website: Can Chuck Norris deactivated the nuclear bomb? Yes and he can do it twice!
