I have to admit that I laughed a couple of times during this trivial holiday movie of 2004, but it is already going away from my short-term memory. In a race that is rapidly sliding into the tabloid darkness, Ben Affleck, who was once a promising comic actor and who got entangled in the Hollywood advertising machine to recreate a romantic protagonist. Judging from this movie, the transformation does not seem to be taking, as it still lacks the gravity that would make it believable in those parts. While his friend Matt Damon assumes intelligent roles in films like "Syriana", Affleck appears in this type of commercial paper. At least the superficiality of a successful but lone advertising executive, Drew Latham, is better suited to Affleck than to most of the other roles he has tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is Deuce Bigelow: Male, 1999). Gigolo "and scripted by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad sign), the flimsy plot revolves around the need of his character to" rent "a family that lives in his childhood home to live his fantasy of have the old Christmas you never had.The concept is really intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic liberation of sentimentality that we are all led to feel in the midst of frantic commercialism during the holidays.The real problem, however, is that The film feels like an extensive sketch that lacks logic or authentic emotional resonance.Affleck seems to be in overdrive trying desperately to be loved, but the net result is a tiring twist on the part of an actor who has the increasingly annoying habit of interpreting stupid people in ill-conceived films, fortunately, he has the likes of James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara playing the Valcos, the couple who decides to accept Drew's money supply to pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom as a rude, non-violent relative of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can on paper. From his classic SCTV days to the mockumentaries of Christopher Guest, O'Hara is always a comical gem regardless of the vehicle, and, as expected, he earns the best laughs as Tom's wife, Christine, either delivering dryly a single line or posing in an inch of makeup. for a dominatrix photo shoot. In what is becoming her standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays her distrustful daughter Alicia, who of course becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good moments in which she enjoys the deception of playing Drew's sister in front of her girlfriend's family, her character seems to change with the flashes of lightning, making it difficult to see what Drew would see in her. The story turns completely out of control in the last third with an artificial situation stacked on top of another until the threads of the plot come together in a short order. It is rumored that much of the film was improvised as there was no finished shooting script. It shows, but I also have to admit that I was left with the bitter end.
