I have the feeling that those involved in doing "Surviving Christmas" did not think much about the film. The characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the film was reproduced as a draft of a script released with little, but the concept of a rich man who pays a family to spend Christmas with them. <Br /> <br /> Ben Affleck plays Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a selfish and wealthy advertising executive who makes his way in life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas because she is disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, what she calls "family vacations," and the fact that Drew has never introduced her to her family. Later we discovered that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old, and his mother is dead, so it's a mystery why he not only says he has no family, instead of allowing his girlfriend to believe he does not. worry about your family. <br /> <br /> For fear of being alone at Christmas, Drew keeps track of Missy's shrinking (why, I have no idea), who suggests she perform a forgiveness ritual in her childhood home. When he meets the family that lives in his childhood home, the Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can relive his childhood memories. He gets upset when he later discovers that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "does not have a sister", and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow him and act like his family "real". None of this makes sense once Drew reveals that he grew up without a family, except his mother. <br /> <br /> The character of Alicia is also inexplicable, who is upset because her family accepted Drew's money and refuses to play. along with your fantasy. But without a good reason, he suddenly starts liking Drew, and in a matter of minutes he goes from hating his guts to acting like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete imbecile throughout the film that even his sad story about the lonely Christmas of his childhood does not evoke sympathy; I almost wish it had ended with, "I was just kidding! The real reason I do not see my family is that everyone has restraining orders against me!" (2/10)
