Comedy Central has the habit of organizing great programs at times like Chappelle's Show, The Daily Show, Colbert Report, and then there are those that some people love or hate: Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some programs that have their advocates, but they are just horrible: Mencia, and now, Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This program is based on the fact that Silverman is egocentric, which can be fun (Colbert Report) but can be horrible (Mencia's Mind). It should not surprise anyone that I think the latter is the case. This program is a parody of a sitcom and a society, a program so absurd that it is lost in its absurdity and simply is not fun. A woman with farts has been made many times in comedy because it is not common. We do not need 25 minutes of that. When a criminal is disarmed by a queef, he simply loses his appeal: we saw him in Jay and Silent Bob Strike, except that the women were hotter and the whole scene was more absurd, so it's better. But the best comparison of this program is with Stella, except that Stella was more subtle, which made absurd comedy fun. I would have to act better, and I suppose, a little more of a fantastic realistic vision. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the fact that some criticisms are so negative (I am very skeptical about critical acclaim, but do not question the reaction of the fans) for this program is the amount of publicity in it, the Very unpleasant ads through many programs far outperform advertising in other programs. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has a career, and others are still bitter when better programs have been canceled. This show should never have passed the pilot stage without air. Back to Norm was much more promising, but this show makes it more advanced. And as far as the critics are correct, many things have been subject to universal panning and their status has greatly increased. The last time I checked, Britney Spears gets good reviews too. Take the comparison you want, because no doubt someone will accuse me of being psychotic in IMDb for not liking this program.
