I think this movie has been a bit overrated here. There are some things to admire in it; On the one hand, it deserves credit for being a science fiction movie (ish) that is based on its history rather than special effects and action sequences to carry the day. The cast is good, stage design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (although they are starting to look a little tired after the many mediocre clones of Dark City / Memento / Fight Club of the past years). But the film is undone by a bad characterization, wooden performances of the main actors and a ridiculously bad ending. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither pleasant nor unpleasant. I realize that part of the story dictates that it must be a bit of encryption (wait ...), but I could not develop any empathy for a character who just looked like a boring and anonymous colleague. man. The transformation of the character that exists for this sad sack is artificially forced by the plot. The main actor, Jeremy Northam, manages to convey that the protagonist is confused and unfortunate, but fails to inspire any sympathy for him. In front of him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who has no personality of her own, unless the incarnation of a spy movie cliché counts as a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments of this. The movie is the end. I will not give any spoilers here, but I will say that a surprise turn at the end was telegraphed clearly at least 45 minutes before it happened. In addition, after being content with being a peculiar and idea-oriented movie for the first hour, the last scenes suddenly and terribly turned into the worst kind of Hollywood role, complete with big explosions and special effects. McGuffin's revelation of the film at the end is wrong, and in the end the characters seem even less pleasant than before some of the main threads of the plot of the film were solved. <br /> <br /> The movie is not bad at all. , even though. It manages to maintain a certain low level of tension throughout most, despite the slow pace (although I think I have a higher than average tolerance for slow-paced movies). And there are some moments when the disturbing paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali was trying to evoke clearly rises to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws in the performance and script of the film. There's probably a good movie that covers these same themes and ideas, but it's not like that.
