Let me start by saying that I generally like Renny Harlin's direction style, for the most part, and that the director of photography should be praised for some shots. Unlike "Elm Street 4" by Harlin and "Die Hard 2" that I really liked, there is something missing in this movie. That, my friends, is a script. The dialogue in films like this is always pretty horrible, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many horrible lines in this movie, that I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems more appropriate for a bad porn movie than for an action adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they delayed the words that were said, they could improve the script. Bad again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors who find themselves in bad roles with a worse dialogue. Stallone has never been one of my favorites, but when he's acting in circles around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of all, Rooker, there's something wrong with this image. Lithgow played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", but is presented as someone who can not act to save his life here. How is that possible? I have always been a big fan of him and he is educated in the performance of Stallone, who himself called on the phone in his performance. Turner's part is so small and useless, but he still manages to appear lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know because I've seen it in "Thunder Days," but it looks like it's READING its lines of reference letters. Have you reached this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together they're talking about, I just wanted the movie to end right there or both of them to find their ability to act incredibly. Unfortunately, none of those things happened. <br /> <br /> What brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one to blame for this disaster other than that of the writers. It's his fault I've never been attracted to this movie, because I should have made people act. The script is not very good, but still the performances of the actors are what destroys this film and that has to fall on the director. I do not care how much was paid for the special effects, which for the most part are good, you still can not just sacrifice the movie with a terrible performance. <br /> <br /> Also, the rhythm of this movie seems to be off. The initial sequence was good and the plane scene was very well done, but how are you supposed to worry about the result of the robbery? I mean, I understand that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles of the plane scene, but I really did not care if they had the money or not in that scene. If the bad guy had won before, maybe he would not have had to witness one of the worst movies in history!
