After seeing "Driven" on a plane flight to the United States 3 years ago, I really believed that I had seen the worst movie ever created, and I could relax knowing that I would never have to suffer so much in front of a screen. Unfortunately, as I discovered last night, this was not the case. Revolver is so monstrously bad that I'm actually thinking of recommending friends to go see it, so I do not think I'm the only one stupid enough to be tricked into seeing this. It's really amazing how much this film falls completely on his face with the constant, and I mean constant voice-overs of the main characters, with totally absurd pretentious nonsense! Actually, I was getting mad at the cinema when I heard Andre Benjamin's ruthless buzz for what seemed to be half the movie, while thinking all the time: what would the Turk have done with this complete gangster / scam joke, be it whatever it should be? when did he make his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would have told her to get out of the way, to blow her head off, and to watch with absolute disdain as her equally inept companion moved away as quickly as her chubby and small legs carried her. I mean, what are we supposed to believe is going through Jake's head when they offer his "solution" to his problem? They are scammers, so obviously they must also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Do not you begin to wonder why your symptoms are not getting worse? Does not the penny fall on the third day what is happening instead of Richie submitting the audience to a lousy phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he has been scammed? <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a small positive note to the film by moving to dry humor if it is offered, thanks to a standard similar to that of your previous films ????. bulls ** t! This movie does not try anything as smart as redeeming itself through some fun and entertaining lines, oh no. Did he somehow manage to be so disastrously ungraceful that I really did not hear as much as a song from a completely full movie theater? and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full the main screen can be, and not even one person smiled. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be fun, and fair enough to make good gangster movies without comedy, but what did he plan to hang this movie on, I can ask? The unnecessarily disconcerting plot! I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> By far, the most satisfying moment I had last night was when I heard the loud sigh coming from ALL the directions of the audience, as they all prayed desperately for the film to end. It was also fun to see how fast the customers were fighting and running through the exits after they realized that it was over, and they were free of their torment! <br /> <br /> I will round this up (I 'have to finish, write this is annoying me again) when elaborating the "end". I want to say sh ** t! The end? .. no, I'm sorry, I can not, you're just going to have to go see it. It can not be put into words, it simply can not be, and after having seen it, you will know why. Uuhhhhh ?? shudders ??
