The movie "52 Pick Up" simply does not work. See if you're interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or someone from the fantastic cast, especially John Glover, who is certainly brilliant. But the book, a slow-burning thriller black pulpy, should have resulted in a film that competes with Oscar instead of this problem could not figure out whether he should faithfully represent the hard history of crime. of the book, or opts for a wave of Schwarzenegger shots from the 1980s. Changing the scene from the original location in the book, Detroit (an area where Leonard has resided for years and knows it very well), Los Angeles it becomes a major problem that Leonard tries to correct in his script, but in the end he can not. It was, for example, an intelligent device that made Mitchell's wife a town councilor (she had no work in the book), if you think about it: that's the only way you could blackmail someone in a crazed city for sex like the 1980s. Angels for adultery, or any kind of potential sex scandal. Even then, it is more plausible in a conservative state like Michigan East believe that a) his little porn "industry" is one hell of poor quality, where the three losers could desperately establish a superior means not that stupid. a classmate who is going through a midlife crisis, and b) adultery could only be something that could blackmail someone, if their honest careers and outdated wives could not withstand the impact. As consultant Ron Jeremy will tell you, the 1980s in Los Angeles was a colorful and elegant mecca, more like the movie "Boogie Nights" than Leonard's dark and gloomy world of tour buses, dirty apartments and drug businesses in the depressed urban misery. On the other hand, Los Angeles could be the backdrop to such a story if one organizes the landscape more carefully: there are still many dark and psychopathic cracks there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell appears in the film as an attractive and attractive Uebermensch who dances about his problems without even working on a sweat. In the book, he was rejecting a union official while struggling with a business that was failing. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war that involved friendly fire for which he was responsible, but which he never seemed to face. The stories of Elmore Leonard usually have a central image that involves a strange civility between the criminal and the law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, handing over his financial books and negotiating a more practical rescue, becomes such a central image. Glover's blackmailer interprets the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim here as a cocky "good guy," in charge of the situation as if he were more of a Rambo with an M-16 than the common man who barely he keeps afloat while his world crumbles. around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst disposable conclusions of all time, considering all the thought that went into the original story and then the movie. Catching Raimy inside Mitchell's Jaguar and making him explode with the band's music marching along with a sadistic monologue from Mitchell, he comes before an audience that wants the "sweet revenge" conclusion of a Chuck Norris movie, not the smart one and balanced world of Leonard's book, where Mitchell barely escapes at the end and the conflict between good and evil could easily go in any direction. I left the theater shaking my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
