"Los Sopranos" by David Chase is perhaps the most praised television program in recent memory. Not only the series lacks intellect and passion, but it lacks a soul. As any of the readers already know, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big fat hole of a mafia boss with a spoiled wife, and two rude children, wanting to think they live in ... you guessed it : the armpit of America (by the way, that's New Jersey). Tony is not only an adulterer womanizer, but he is also a stupid unrepentant murderer, with a team of "Saturday Night Live" cartoons worthy of parody for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of mobster that offends me (and apparently only me). Allowing the characters to be who and what they are, without judging, is something that American television barely allows. But Chase, and his entourage of writers magnified by the Emmy and the money, have not allowed us to simply observe Tony and his team as they behave, nor have they attempted to provide any information about the action / reaction reality (even obviously organized crime ( to the "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase glorifies and supports the greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle of his characters in the same way that Tony, his wife and even his frantic hair psychologist do it week after week (or should say month after month After a year? It seems that the seasons of 13 episodes of the program come out with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse.) There has been much talk of the series' refusal to adhere to the network structure. ", with plot lines that do not go anywhere, and the characters that appear and disappear like bugs in the garden, but if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why does it always feel like I was watching a soap opera? Clichés of the tired mafia, bored housewives, self-service, irredeemable characters and plots that do not go anywhere. More than ever, I can see why so many Americans of Italian heritage are present at this show. It's enough to make you want to read a good book (the "Hell" of Danté comes to mind). <br /> <br /> IMDb people say that there is nothing good on television, and therefore "The Sopranos". It's a breath of fresh air. Are these same people too busy paying their cable bills to watch "The Shield"? (It's included in Basic, you know). How about the (still good) "The West Wing"? Or the "Legal Legal" of brilliant action (if it is written erratically)? How about possibly the best comedy of the last decades, "Arrested Development"? And so that we do not forget that we live in an era of DVD, nobody * has * to see * anything * new. I would prefer to pay $ 40 for a box set of more than one price, well, practically * any *, to give HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 for a DVD set!) To continue demonstrating how much of a factory hackers It can be. <br /> <br /> Do you want good television? See "Homicide: Life on the street." Or "Murder One". Or "Pickets". Or even Chase's previous show, "Northern Exposure." If you are already among the crowd of critics and fans of "The Sopranos", it's too late for you. But if not, it leaves Tony and his worthless relatives where they all belong, rotting with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be very kind)
