Seriously, I can easily swallow a lot of blood on the screen, blood and repulsion, but what really makes this movie annoying and uncomfortable to watch is how the doctor's character keeps rambling on about the physical damage done to raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby", talks about rupture of the uterus, dry sexual intercourse and massive loads of reddish sperm (?), Since they are the most common ailments in the world of medicine. That said, "Incubus" is, in the end, a STRANGE horror effort. Is not it necessarily horrible? Although it's not very good, either? but simply strange The confusing and incoherent script initially revolves in the search for a rapist of flesh and bone (although the title clearly suggests the participation of a supernatural creature) and it seems that it never fails to introduce new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, are so understanding and, for some reason never explained, they seem to keep dark secrets. The aforementioned doctor has a strange interpretation of the daughter's love and continuously behaves like a suspect, the town sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in a constant state of drunkenness and does not seem to care who continues to rape and kill the women in his district, the reporter is even too strange for the words and the Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are simply creepy. All together they try desperately to solve the mystery of who or what is exactly destroying the women of the peoples that reproduce the organs. The sequences that accumulate towards rapes and murders are admirably atmospheric and the vile acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. Basically, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too unfriendly for "Incubus" to be a really good movie. In addition, there are quite a few tedious parts to fight (like the images of a Bruce Dickinson concert) and the direction of John Hough, who is generally very reliable, is almost imperceptible. However, the final shot is indeed a nightmare. For me, personally, "Incubus" was a little disappointing, but there are still several reasons enough to recommend this strange piece of horror of the early 80's to fans of the open-minded genre.
