A young couple, Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) are relaxing on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes with each other. Mandy hides in an old cabin, is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. Roy tries to help her after hearing his screams, but is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is called into action by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when he meets Mandy and Roy. Carry out Roy's autopsy and treat Mandy for her horrible injuries. Soon after, a curator at the local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports the facts and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years earlier. There are more rapes and murders. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend, Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that it has something to do with horrible acts. The history of Tim and the excavation in the past of the cities causes that Sam is convinced of the existence of a creature known like Incubus, a demonic entity that changes of form and that only exists to reproduce itself! Directed by John Hough, this is a seriously boring horror movie. The George Franklin script based on Ray Russell's novel is slow to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens, and it ends with one of the most boring end-of-turn events I've ever seen and, frustratingly, it ends suddenly. As the story progresses at a slow pace, there are some violations, but none is shown on the screen. There is only one blood scene in the whole movie as well. The monster is only shown at the end and it has three short scenes. Everything about this film in terms of production is very static and flat, the film has no energy or rhythm. The acting is boring and you do not feel or care about anyone. Take a look at the scene in the autopsy room where you can clearly see the boom microphone at the top of the screen several times. The kind of junk horror movie you'll forget in a day. A real waste of time, do not bother.
