Stephen King is generally known for the morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, in the end you feel sad for the characters or for the situations they went through ... here you simply feel depressed. The film has a nice feeling (at the beginning), with the family moving to the country, and the creepy Fred Gwyne greeting them and warning them of the pet cemetery, but this plot does not lead anywhere. It starts with a lot of potential, but in the end, it loses the potential of being a good horror movie, and it becomes corny, extremely stupid and finally depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), his children Ellie and Gage, and their cat move to a new home in Maine. Neighbor looy farmer Jud (Fred Gwyne) warns them about the local pet cemetery and how he curses himself. Louis does not think about this and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He has buried him in the damn cemetery and comes back to life, constantly whistling to the family and wanting to be left alone. One day, the infant Gage runs down the road and is hit by a truck, and Louis knows he must bury him in the cemetery. When Gage comes back to life, he changes and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's works that do not translate well into movies, I blame the directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was the scriptwriter, but I'm going to blame him for his horrible story. For the end it is so useless, and although it is not fun, the premise is ridiculous. A small child returns from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a small scalpel, and not only that, but also manages to lift their bodies and, in one case, carries a body from the floor to the attic! ) I know this is not established in reality, but seriously, how stupid can this be? The scene in which Louis injects his deceased, now living the cat again to kill him is strangely sad, because the cat did not deserve this. All he did was go around thinking about his own business and he killed him. The scene in which he injects his own son is almost unbearable. It is not unbearably sad, but the situation is simply horrible. After being injected, Gage staggers drunk before falling dead ... why did they have to make a movie that ended with the death of a baby? But ... worse, the end of the movie that involves Louis burying another person (I will not reveal who) in the cemetery after Gage kills them ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why did it become a movie? It's depressing and useless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * from ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
