This movie is a special of Pia Zadora! When I saw it, I remembered the classic caricature that showed a Hollywood star; in the urgent need of another role, but afraid of being typecast for the 'B' movie or the soft porn papers; who says in his casting session "Well, of course, normally I do not do roles that require nudity, but if it's artistically necessary for the film ................" This memory showed a very naughty image of a similar caricature that showed Pia in a session of this type that said: "Well, of course, normally I do not assume any role that requires a real performance, but it will really give me enough exposure to improve my status as a sex". symbol .................. "Probably this is very unfair, the rather sordid story is the fault of the book by Harold Robbins, considering the nature of the story, Pia's exhibitions they certainly do not receive undue attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won an acting prize at Butterfly) is deliberately satirizing her part instead of trying to act in an almost impossible role to play in. Critics usually point to actors as the problem every time a movie is disappointing, but this is extremely unfair, the writers and the director are much more often the culprits.The real problem with "The lonely lady" is that the script, like the original book, looks for sensation in place of substance, and nothing can help with this. <br /> <br /> The script of this movie is lousy, but if the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better script, a more serious direction and a really acting competent deb and remain a matter of personal judgment. As published, the rating of my viewers would depend on whether I am evaluating my personal opinion or whether the film is successful in providing what it intends to do. My personal qualification for this would be two out of ten; but to a certain extent, this movie probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended, and on this basis, a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable. Being in a charitable mood, and wanting to make it clear that I am not blaming Pia for my disappointment, I will give a rating of four in IMDb.
