The memory banks of most of the reviewers here must have suffered a short circuit when trying to remember this cubic zirconia of a jewel, because practically all managed to quote Walter Thornton from Lloyd Bochner, when in a fit of furious rage, he throws the garden phallic Mouthpiece of his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton, (an almost comatose Pia Zadora) that was used to attack her sexually before in the movie ... but I'm getting ahead of myself. In any case, poor Lloyd may have been grunting that line to the audience without speaking as much as he was his co-star. <br /> <br /> As difficult as it is for most of us to believe, especially In these days, no one in Hollywood intends to make a bad movie INTENTIONALLY. Certainly, this is not the most defensible argument, since it seems that many of them are coming out. But, again, there is that movie race that one must imagine during the time of its creation, since writing, casting and directing, must have been cursed with the cinematic equivalent of trying to film during the Ides of March. <Br /> <br /> THE LONELY LADY is in that category, and is represented very well, considering the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a recipe guaranteed to produce a monumentally fallen soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously, who would take practically anything that could differentiate her from her peers, that this film certainly did. !); a high profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (from THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST fame); a cast that probably thought he was so lucky to be working, that they tried to play this dreck as if it were Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who most likely was a contracted gun who kept the mess moving only to collect a paycheck, (and was probably required by contract to NOT demand the use of the nickname 'Alan Smithee' to protect what was left of his reputation). Like Lamont Johnson LABIAL PENCIL, I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE by Meir Zarchi, BARBARELLA by Roger Vadim, SHOWGIRLS by Paul Verhoeven or Grandmammy of Really Bad Filmmaking, MOMMY DEAREST by Frank Perry, THE LONELY LADY is still being discussed often, (usually with disgust), horrified laughter, or a unique combination of the three), though it also defies Hollyweird's dissection, description or even pretzel logic. No one is sure how it came to be, how it was released in a single theater, or why it is still here and it is almost impossible to get rid of it, but take it or leave it, it is here to stay. And I do not think that lovers of really good MAL films have it any other way.
