Paul Armstrong is a liberal, born in Scotland, a law professor at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, who is hired to handle the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who has been convicted of Rape. and murder of Joanie Shriver, a white eleven-year-old girl. Earl claims that his crime confession was obtained under duress by a sadistic police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who has already been sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row, hoping to convince him to confess Joanie's murder, saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first everything is fine. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the court of appeal overturns his conviction. As this development takes place only a little after the middle of the movie, it is at this point that the alarms will start to sound in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! The main plot turns ahead!" And so it shows. The planned turn soon materializes. It seems that Earl, in fact, is guilty of the crime that has just been acquitted, and probably also of many others, but he plotted a diabolical plan together with Sullivan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will confess Joanie's murder if Earl murders his parents. (The reason why Sullivan wanted his parents to die is never explained accurately.) Armstrong now finds that he himself is in danger from the man whose life he has just saved; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who acted as an attorney for the prosecution in a previous case when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of self-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to participate, improvising a film by recycling themes and plot devices from a number of others. The first half has an obvious debt to films like "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; the only difference is that the Sheriff who overcomes Bobby Earl by confession is black, whereas in previous films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central twist in the plot was taken from "Music Box" by Costa-Gavras, although in that film the revelation does not occur until the end. The ending, in which a lawyer, his wife and his young daughter are in danger from a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear", which also take place in the swamps of the southern United States. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a religious maniac who quotes the Bible is a direct imitation of the character of Robert de Niro in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear," made four years before "Just Cause." <br /> <br /> (There is a postscript.) Just as "Just Cause" was borrowed from several other movies, seven years later, its central plot was, in turn, to be blatantly plagiarized in the vehicle by Ashley Judd "High Crimes"). <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of making movies by numbers is that the resulting films are generally much less distinguished than those that inspired them. The set is usually much smaller than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than any of the ones that were cannibalized to make it. Harris is usually a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest performances, largely because he is not so much a character as De Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is fine as Bobby Earl, the young (supposedly) innocent of the first scenes, but unconvincing as Bobby Earl, the psycho killer of the latter. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black Sheriff are quite better, but none is good enough to save the movie. (Connery and Harris had to act together in another movie, better, "The Rock", the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film resembles a standard liberal movie of "themes," death penalty, anti-racism and heavy-handed police criticism. The second half is more like the work of a staunch reactionary, preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the chair, that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the fraternity criminal and that the police officers who beat the suspects must be qualified as heroes. The filmmakers seem to have been wonderfully unaware that the twist of the plot casually introduced in the middle of their film had the (presumably undesired) effect of reversing their political stance, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored it. Obviously, it was thought that a properly complicated plot was more important than political coherence. 4/10
