Well, there you have it, another disappointment in my account. Two, really! First of all, although I like to think I know something about the exploitation of the euro in the 70s and its most prolific collaborators, I had never heard of Joseph W. Sarno before. Here is a guy who made over seventy films of rancid and cult-laden exploitation, and I have not seen any! How? Why? What happened here? Second, and even worse, just when you think you have found a new source for dark cult movies, the director's most famous and supposed "masterpiece" turns out to be an irredibly boring and irritating movie. It is true that lesbian vampire films form a fairly insignificant subgenre as a whole, but some of them bathe in a sinister atmosphere and a curious sensuality (like "Vampyres" by José Larraz or "Daughters of Darkness" by Harry Kümmel). Joseph Sarno's movie has nothing to offer, except plentiful amounts of free nudes, and even that gets boring pretty quickly. The events take place in an old isolated castle, hidden deep in the German mountains, where a baroness (literally) malicious and thirsty for blood lived five centuries ago. His faithful disciples still organize naked dances in the catacombs of the castle, which are lit with candles in the shape of a penis, and hope to resurrect the baroness in the near future. Suddenly (do not even ask how) the castle is full of young and sexy women, so there are still more erotic rites. It sounds delicious and entertaining enough, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a lot of sequences in which literally nothing happens and where the ignorant facial expressions of cast members are simply unbearable. Sarno is not able to create suspense or create a Gothic atmosphere (or maybe he just did not bother to do so) and the actresses' abilities are limited to standing in front of the topless camera and putting on a really pathetic face. Please, do yourself a favor: no matter how desperately you try to see all the vampire movies of the 70s, this one is not worth a dime! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this failure.
