Cannibal Sex, or Devil Hunter, as it is most commonly known among the English-speaking public, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) reviewing locations for her new film along with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day of work, Laura is relaxing in the bathroom of her room when two very dubious characters named Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) burst in and kidnap her, having been helped by the treacherous Jane. Laura's agent contacts Peter Weston (Al Cliver), a rental hero, who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and demand a ransom of 6 million. Peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to recover safely and 10% more than the 6 million if he recovers it, faster than a rat in a drain pipe Peter and his fellow helicopter pilot Vietnam veterinarian Jack, they are on the island and decide how to save Laura. So, the kidnappers have Laura and Peter has the 6 million, but neither wants to deliver them so much. To further complicate things, this isolated island in particular is home to a primitive tribe (demons, in all the generations that have lived there they have only managed to build a thatched hut, now that's primitive) that they worship a kind of cannibal monster (Burt Altman) with bulging eyes like a God with human sacrifices and this cannibal has a taste for the flesh and intestines of white and white females ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and Spanish co-production German was co-written & directed by the prolific Jesus Franco, who also receives credit for music. Cannibal Sex has gained some notoriety here in the UK, as it was placed on the 'Video Nasties' list in the early' 80s under its alternative title Devil Hunter and, therefore, was officially classified as obscene and banned, after to have said that I have no idea. why, since it is a bad movie, even Franco, who is not afraid of being associated with a turkey, decides that he wants to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I imagine that even the most uncompromising Franco fan would have difficulty defending this. The script of Franco, I'm sorry, I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who obviously was impressed with the final product and wanted to have his name removed, it's horrible. It is as simple and direct as that. To begin with, the movie is so boring that it's not true, the plot of the kidnapping is one of the most boring I've seen without the slightest tension or emotion involved, and the ghastly side of things does not improve as we have a great black man. with eyes injected in blood of great size and stupid aspect plus two domesticated cannibal scenes. As the movie Cannibal Sex fails and as an action adventure has no more success, this is one that must be avoided. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence: an actor who is on a decapitated head is hit by an actor. The floor with large leaves placed around the bottom of your neck to try and give the impression that it is not attached to anything. The cannibal scenes are deficient, the action is boring and has endless scenes of people walking randomly through the jungle to go from 'A' to 'B' and do nothing when they get there. It becomes incredibly boring and tedious to look after about 10 minutes and do not forget that this continues for 94 minutes in unbroken state. I should also mention the hilarious scene when Al Cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff, this is achieved by putting your camera sideways and causing Cliver to crawl across the floor. Just look at the way his coat hangs and the way he never clings to anything while crawling alone! The gore is not so good and, in regards to the Euro cannibal, this is very docile, there are some close-ups of the cannibals mouth while chewing pieces of meat, a man is impaled with spikes, there is some blood and a handful of the intestines. There's a bit of nudity in Cannibal Sex and a nasty rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sex Cannibal must have had a low budget and I mean low. This is a film of poor quality and poorly made with terrible special effects and background production values. The only decent thing is the environment of the jungle, which at least seems authentic. The music stinks and the sound effects become annoying as there is a lot of heavy breathing every time the cannibal is on the screen. The performance sucks, everything was obviously doubled anyway, but nobody in this can act. <br /> <br /> Sex Cannibal is a terrible movie that makes the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a certain atmosphere of poor quality and those close-ups of cannibal chewing meat are pretty disgusting. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Cannibal Sex as many places as possible, one to avoid.
