In the days before Toxic Avenger, the kings of the low fields of Troma Films tried to take the high road (well, something less low) to produce straight slasher photographs. I would like to think that seeing the results here is what convinced them to give up all pretension and go for a timid parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another film for the masochists of the audience. As it winds through two separate models and innumerable nonsensical subplots, it actually becomes painful to see. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a Catholic university (I do not remember the name, but in honor of the title, let's call it St. Splatter). The students are apathetic and moody, and argue with each other, lazy in front of their time. Meanwhile, the new teacher, Julie Parker, is completely incompetent in her work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, lustful priests and how to avoid doing any work in class; Julie deals with a spooky boyfriend, the inflexible administration of St. Splatter, the advice of single mothers and the blank looks of her students. None of that means a damn thing or it is solved in a meaningful way. Oh, and every once in a while, there's a point-of-view shot that stabs one of the girls, but do not hold your breath waiting for it. There is a Red Herring Killer, and then a sadly anticlimactic confrontation with the Real Killer, then we return to the asylum credits and rolls. <br /> <br /> The slow pace and numerous inane subplots seem almost calculated to produce a growing sense of frustration in the viewer, which is helped by the choppy editing, the sound quality of the coffee can and the dialogue that It just does not make any sense. And the most anguishing aspect of this movie is the murderer's fixation on women: the men in this film are so deserving. He would have paid a good amount of money to fire someone from the imbecile with the pregnant girlfriend, or the lunkhead Lothario who was playing with his girlfriend's roommate, or any of the curious priests. There is no justice.
