Universities, high schools, fraternities and brotherhoods have been the most popular places of stalking for the crazy maniacs since the cycle of massacres became a popular culture of cinema in the late seventies. Even cabins and backwood camps have skyrocketed to the amount of massacres that have taken place on campuses since Halloween classified the genre as a category of cult terror. From early entries like To all to Good Night to the large budgeted set of titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out, there has usually always been a slasher on campus lurking somewhere in the pipeline. Despite having been picked up by Troma, are the titans of the evil of the B movie? Splatter University was strongly criticized at the time of the release and never found an audience. Even notorious hack and slash websites, such as HYSTERIA-LIVES, have branded Richard Haines' spin as one of the worst moments of the 1980s boom. I always approach films criticized with optimism because there is often the possibility that some bad reviews may be unfairly contagious as a dose of flu, which overwhelms the judgment of certain authors. <br /> <br /> Begin traditionally in the Place where any maniac worthy of his salts emerges. Yes you guessed it? A madhouse! It seems that one of the inmates has decided that he is not happy with the level of service in the institution and, therefore, is looking to take his business elsewhere. The crazy work hidden makes your rest after stabbing is an unfortunate order in which the sun does not shine. Obviously, it favors the sense of clothing of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty of borrowing his uniform, bloodstained pants and all! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we moved to St Trinians College, an educational establishment that is controlled by Catholic priests. A teacher is busy after hours marking the work of her students when suddenly someone knocks on the door. Before she has a chance to find out what the invisible visitor wants, he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the ground in a heap of blood. This, of course, means that there is a vacancy in the university and that is why we are introduced to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the kind substitute of the recently deceased teacher. It seems that his arrival has inadvertently given the resident maniac all the motivation he needs to go to a slaughterhouse without restrictions. In a short time, both students and teachers are falling like flies towards the camera, a timid threat when lurking the corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. Suspicious suspects abound, but can Professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus killer before she becomes another statistic? <br /> <br /> I'm not exactly sure how many versions of this movie are available. The altered video from the UK was released under the alias of Campus Killings, but the copy of the United States I own says it is the full unedited edition, which could mean that there is a censored impression floating somewhere. I would be quite surprised if that were the case, since Splatter University is certainly not as delicious as the hyperbole packaging would be. Certainly, one or two liters of corn syrup do not stand up to the scrutiny of Gore Hound compared to Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is a bit exaggerated. One thing that many critics have not mentioned is the lovely lead performance of Francine Forbes, who ends up carrying the full picture on her shoulders during the 79 minute race. Despite the amateur direction of Richard Haines, she still reveals a magnificent potential that should have led to the possibility of another attempt to act seriously under a more skilled leader. Unfortunately, that possibility never came, and background bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly did not help nurture a talent that could have dramatically improved with the right scholarship. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast members stayed abreast of the darkness of the film, especially the wooden plank teens who for some strange reason acted as if they were auditioning for a new version of Grease or The Wanderers. The standard point and shoot direction of the swamp could not have helped generate much confidence in the project and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the awkward handling of the scriptwriter made the feature not be redeemable. Perhaps the only claim of originality found in the Haines killer is the courageous attempt at the opposite conclusion. Let's say it's not a final that I expected to see in a movie that was so typical of the cycle. <br /> <br /> At one point in the runtime, one of the teenagers says, "Man that Parker bores me to tears?" Well, the same can be said for Splatter University, which never raises the pace above slow motion. However, having said that, Francine Forbes created a delicious shrieking queen and, no doubt, one she would have paid to see again in a similar role. So that pretty much sums up this trip aimlessly. Slow-paced, of poor quality but still strangely attractive; Would you have to be especially forgiving to give it a try?
