I bought the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few dollars without knowing what it was and all I can say is that it did not disappoint me with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those poor quality European horror movies that has almost no quality trade, except for being completely entertaining, for all the negative reasons. The opening was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle where she is supposed to help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who performs experiments on dead tissues. On his way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) The housekeeper of the castle fights with her. 3) The maid wants her dead. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost spits it out and wants to leave the next day. Hmm ... something tells me it's not welcome. With such a miserable arrival, one would think that Ivanna would leave the place in a minute of New York, but no, like so many films of bad quality, our "stubborn" heroine decides to stay and even enjoys a candlelight dinner with the grumpy baron. same day full of events. The introduction is so exaggerated (it's even bigger than the memorable first minutes of that Canadian film, JUNIOR) that I knew I would enjoy this. <br /> <br /> But the fun does not. Do not end there. Ivanna is drugged repeatedly every time she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, bound and tortured in mild sessions of S & M by an invisible man. Even after experiencing these S & M night sessions, Ivanna stays at the castle, duly convinced by the angry Baron that what she is experiencing is nothing but dreams. As expected, even after being treated so badly from the beginning, Ivanna falls in love with the Baron. Ivanna completely ignores any negative aspects of him, including the obvious fact that the severe baron is popular among young women. All the women in the castle (it seems that only women work there) are in love with the miserable fool, who does not mind taking advantage of pretty young things. Things get even dumb when someone hides on the farm and kills (and has been killing) women. Basically, the physically disfigured brother of the baron, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the baron that he should not get too involved with Ivanna or suffer the consequences. So what is the Baron and Ivanna doing about this? Well, they marry of course! During the brief marriage ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry locals (father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not deter Ivanna, who, in the midst of all the young dead ladies and the tortures that surround them, gladly comforts the wounded Baron that "it is just a wound of flesh" and the two can continue and enjoy their moon of honey in the castle. where the murderer / rapist / torturer is a brother. The whole thing quickly becomes a nightmarish love triangle, between Ivana, the Baron and Igor. Blame all the love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you understand the idea: subtle, it is not. Almost everything is too ridiculous in this movie and when it is not OTT, like the predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the movie, the director or writer revels in an illogical moment and trashy after another. I really love this kind of movies, all as subtle as being hit in the head with a hammer, and populated by characters who behave illogically. Even those who made the DVD of Retromedia realize this and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest dialogues of the dubbed movie that repeats itself incessantly. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are wonderfully laughable. The opening and closing credits, with those candles and red curtains ... ah, a class soup. Music sometimes sounds like something from a Tim Burton movie, which only adds to the rarity of it all. And as is the custom in this type of movie, when the girls take off their clothes, they simply ask that they be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I rate 2, but as "it's so bad". It's a good movie, I rate it with 8 solid stars. If you like poor quality movies, look at this one. It is a must. All I have left is to reflect on it: what would it have taken for that woman to come out of that damn castle?
