(Several spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and not French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who most of the time bothers me a lot. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something in his screen character that is too ambitious and focused to be convincing as a penniless artist in Paris, who contented himself with postponing critics indefinitely, playing with young and old children and painting in the streets. That is what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and in other films in which he played ambitious and focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is, somehow, a cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another Lerner story with Kelly as an American with loose ends who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies his virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as nice as even poor Tommy stunned. That is another thing that irritates this movie. Jerry is sometimes a cad for Milo, and even worse for Lise. When she sees the latter for the first time in a club, she pulls out a dirty trick so she can dance with him. When she sits down again, she pulls out an even dirtier trick to get her phone number. When he calls her the next day, she hangs him up, and he takes her as a sign to visit his workplace. And throughout all this, it is obvious that she does not want ANYTHING to do with him. When she starts to laugh at her jokes in perfumery, it is as credible as Milo's interest in her paintings. Of course he is handsome and playful, but why should that influence her when she has Henri, who looks like a gentleman? <br /> <br /> It's true that it's so unpleasant in part because of the actress. If a role like Lise was played by, say, Judy Garland, she would spill Jerry with outraged insults and glances. If she were played by Cyd Charisse, one would admire her guts. But when Leslie Caron is played by the first time, she looks and acts like a shy and vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry seems a disgusting one. And why did they choose these other actors (although I personally prefer that they have resolved things by changing the initiative) when the whole story is based on the romance of these two young poor lovers who untangle themselves from their loveless commitments to the older rich? Gene Kelly is not only a few years above Guetary and Foch, but he is old enough to be Caron's father. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell, I think everything would have been improved by choosing a young comic-type dancer like Jerry. , the type that usually appeared in supporting musical roles ... for example, Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe not necessarily to them but to someone like them. Someone who could have chased Lise and made him look harmlessly playful; someone who had appeared really happy living in that hole in the wall; someone whose humor and ingenuity would have contrasted better with the sarcastic bad humor of Oscar Levant. Probably also would have made the ballet seem less heavy. And I could have provided a voice that could sing Gershwin better. <br /> <br /> All this can give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him He was fantastic in most of his films, but not in this one (well, and in some others). Nor contempt for the AAIP itself; It has good points, such as art direction. And Leslie Caron, who despite her inexperience is quite charming, and really seems to just come out of a painting. Georges Guetary does a good job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended with SOMEONE. But not Jerry Mulligan. I do not wish that to her.
