N.B .: Spoilers inside. Assigning an artistic director to an operatic production naturally and inevitably means that you will get a part of that director's mind. But conducting a Wagner opera is an especially difficult task, since perhaps he was the most explicit opera composer as to how things should look and how they should develop. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg uploads this footage of "Parsifal", Wagner's final masterpiece, with enough strange ideas to make it almost break at the seams. You get more than a part of the director: you get all the fat pig and something else. Syberberg must be admired for his penchant for breaking the covers of the ugliest aspects of German history. But does it work to merge that desire with an opera by Wagner already full of his own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are especially charged with visual allegory and symbolism. These are drawn from Wagner's own time, much earlier, and go much further. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily improve Wagner's vision); If you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not annoying. I will not bother to unroll the plot of the opera here. Suffice it to say that it is a Wagnerian synthesis typical of various elements, in this case a combination of the Holy Grail legend with the principles, practices and splendor of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in almost all of Wagner's operas. <br /> <br /> I personally had to sweat to overcome the first act of Syberberg (in the middle of my acclimatization, the music saved the day). But Act II speeds up the pace. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, to catch the "innocent" tramp Parsifal. The greatest seducer of all of them, Kundry, will be used to lure him to the dark side. After an initial flirt with more symbols, these are eliminated, and the long and beautiful duo of transformation between the young fool and the temptress really takes off. Finally, the film begins to work a genuine magic, and is mainly due to the choice of Syberberg to establish things naturally and simply. Suddenly, the performance begins to work (the expressive actress Edith Clever and Yvonne Minton's delicious team soprano to create a wonderful Kundry); Suddenly, the music seems to come alive and make more vivid the internal confusion of the two characters. The work of the camera remains simple and quietly fluid. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms. And it works very well. For me it was the most fascinating part of the movie. <br /> <br /> With the reentry of the knights in Part 2 of Act III, unfortunately the strange strange symbolisms reappear. Some other crazy ideas from Syberberg: using a huge mask of Wagner's death as a main piece (making the protruding proboscis of the composer look comically large); dressing the knights of Act III with all kinds of costumes, wigs and makeup (what does the director say?) that knights are a bunch of buffoons? that express layers of multiple or timeless significance beyond their surface functions? the conjecture of anyone); the insertion ?? Right after the incredibly moving baptism of Kundry by Parsifal? of the retro-projection images of the director who rehearse, in today's realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely broke my dramatic thread, requiring a few minutes to regroup); the complete avoidance of having to spend time between Acts II and III (when we meet the gentleman and the "narrator" Gurnemanz again, he should be an old and old man, and Parsifal should resurface as a middle-aged but wiser man old man); but certainly the most bizarre blow is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find that this is the brightest blow. There is no doubt that I can attribute to Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2", the performance of strength and dignity (it is also the best synchronic lips of the entire cast). But, please ... Wagner's conception of Parsifal is already very complex. His growth from a completely innocent child who knows nothing of his past, to his revolutionary realization in Act II of what the eternal wound of Amfortas means and how it has become his, upon his return as the great Redeemer of the Act III? This is the journey of a character masterfully built. The bi-sexual emphasis is simply truculent and absurd. (And what about this nonsense about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can not we just accept a mentor / mentee relationship, which is beautifully invested in Act III?) <br /> <br /> The Philharmonic of Monte Carlo under Armin Jordan He plays with passion and beauty (although the chorus is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to take my recording of Solti-led (highly recommended) and re-straighten my Wagner bearings. The cinematographic experience for me varied from strange to entertaining to exasperating. For the Syberberg credit, he has created a visually striking work and certainly offers a unique version of an important opera. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal", he seems to have wanted to incorporate all Wagnerian things: man, life, the enormous influence ... all in a symbolic code. "Parsifal", the opera is already full of great symbolism: the Grail, the Lance, the Sacraments, the baptism, the always bleeding wound of Amfortas, the self-training of Klingsor, the Kiss, the Curse of Kundry, and so on . This without mentioning the * musical * symbolism that constantly sounds in the score, in the form of Wagner's leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is a great symbol! Returning to my question in the first paragraph, the whole Syberberg pig is too much for me. But if this project sounds like something to tickle your fantasy, then do it. I will not recommend simply getting away from this; You may find yourself satisfied at heart. Or if you need something to break your Wagner barrier, try ... but, please, do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late league, very mature by itself.
