I am fully aware that there is no statistical data that easily supports the correlation between video games and real-life violence. The film is false and false because it is in complete contradiction with itself, which is what I tried to emphasize in my original criticism. The film fails, not necessarily because I really believe that these children were influenced by video games, but because the film configures it as "random" and does not follow it. Let me clarify. In Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer, you can see that her claims about police and radio control are ridiculous, but she is so worried that she really believes they are true. The viewer can make the distinction, however. In Zero Day, the 2 children continue saying that they are not influenced by anything environmental, which is obviously false since everything they do contradicts this. Neo-Nazism, talking about going to the CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because they know his name, but a blatant attempt filmmaker getting coverage for bad movie) ... etc. This film does not represent "reality", it shows only falsehood to demonstrate a point. Unfortunately, he fell in love with the bait and did not see it, and he did not detect it in my review either. The entire film simply takes the hypothesis of Michael Moore and applies it to something "real life" in hopes of validating and failure, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is incorrect and not supported. Of course, I do not think children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there was not a videotape of Columbine's children (or some teenage killers) shooting guns in the woods saying that either looked or acted like weapons in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are more aware of the media, influenced, but obviously intelligent or intelligent enough so that it is not a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the filmmaker does not know what he is trying to say, and the film does more to refute his point and then supports it. It's almost as if the new ratings given to the video games made someone angry, so they created a "Day Zero" in retaliation. If you want to see the theory of the "teen killer" meaningless, go see Bully.
