This revision applies to the cut of the movie that is usually available as "Fury of the Wolfman." I understand that there is an uncut version with additional images, and I hope it contains at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing in the cut known as "Fury of the Wolfman." In short, the movie does not make any sense at all. It is a complete nonsense, an incomprehensible nonsense. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, that venerable anti-hero lycanthrope played by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal guy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow this has turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist and an instructor in what appears to be a university. One of her colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a meaningless word used to refer to a bunch of wires connected to a victim's head. Ellman feels that this will allow him to "change the direction of the human brain", which naturally allows him to govern the world, as long as he can connect us to all those cables without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in werewolves, because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to his hidden laboratory. She has a lot of other people trapped there, too. Some of them look like gypsies, and are chained, in different states of lucidity. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that some day she will be able to "help them to be human again" (?), But meanwhile she controls them with her chematodes. Waldemar becomes his furry assassin, wandering like a werewolf zombie, that is, until the filmmakers decide to use images from another Nasdy werewolf movie, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (do not ask), at which time Naschy's werewolf makeup changes considerably and moves like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does this make any sense? Do not? Good. That is the salvation of the movie. Do not try to get involved in any kind of intellectual level, simply move at full speed with any meaningless dialogue or cheap horror movies you can gather. "Fury of the Wolfman" may be the best Halloween party movie of all time. Absolutely, you do not need to pay attention and, in fact, if you do, you will be completely confused.
