I saw this great work for the first time very recently, on one of those DVDs in dollars that seem to be everywhere nowadays, and it moved me so much that I can not contain myself. For those who have never seen this hypnotizing Mexican import, and wish to see it without being harmed by another person's jaundice comment, there are undoubtedly substantial supporters in what follows. So if you are one of those imprudent individuals, stop reading immediately and go and take care of yourself. If you get drunk early enough, you may be lucky to faint before it ends. <br /> <br /> Start with the premise that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the film dares to explain how this type of implantation between species could occur, and the rest of the film is even more absurdly absurd. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you're drinking) and let's continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) looks like a man struggling with a toothache, in a city where only the dentist has changed his supply of Novocaine for a case of cheap whiskey, and He has been drunk since then. (Is not he the lucky one?) Naschy's facial expression never varies, whether it's make-up or not, and apparently no one gave him any training on how to act like a werewolf. Every once in a while he tries to imitate Lon Chaney Jr. crouching, but most of the time he just walks around in his black Mafia shirt, like another cool guy with too much facial hair. To be fair, makeup is really better than the actor inside it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. The werewolf of Naschy is the only one I can think of who changes his shirt twice in the middle of a round. Go from black shirt to red shirt, then go back to black, then go back to red, then go back to black, all in one frantic night. Curiously, it always makes Chaney bend over while wearing the red shirt, and the cool guy walks while wearing the black shirt. And it is only while he is wearing the red shirt that we see much of the fury mentioned in the title. Presumably there is something in that red shirt that only brings out the animal. <br /> <br /> So anyway, after being bitten by the cross-pollinated yeti, the poor imbecile returns home from Tibet to know that his wife has been sleeping with one of her students. The two illicit lovers try to kill him by adjusting the brakes of his car. Survive the shipwreck and get home just in time for the full moon. Then, after chewing on his wife and his lover, he strays again, and somehow manages to electrocute himself. But is that enough? Can you leave this tormented wretch alone? No way. He is resurrected by a supposed scientist with an unconditional S / M fetish, also known as "The Doctor" (and definitely not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She finds him and takes him to his kinkle, takes him to the dungeon, chains him to the wall and gives him a damn and good flogging. Presumably, such an indignity should be enough to put a little fury on any werewolf. <br /> <br /> After his two shirted uproar, our werewolf spends most of the rest of the film wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out (and who can blame him?) over the course of his adventures, he encounters an astounding and incoherent variety of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a curiously inept Phantom of the Opera impersonator (supposedly the doctor's father), and a harsh group of slaves in captivity. <br /> <br /> So, what is it, one can reasonably ask? One has the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control and implies something the Doctor calls "chemotrophs." (The best guess: I really have no idea how to spell, if there is such a thing). Fortunately, the experiment ends in failure, and most importantly, it ends ... before you have time to gnaw your own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, one really does not expect any sense of a movie like this, but at least it should be good for laughter. This is not. Forget it my friend. There is a kind of progressive anarchy in this film, from its tequila-impregnated environment to its atrocious cinematography and its tormenting musical music, which defies even the most bland attempts to get laughs of the MST3K type. If it's not even good for that, what the hell is good for? If Moctezuma's revenge could have been digitally remastered and put on a DVD, it would look exactly like this movie.
