"The Fury of the Wolf Man" forms a completely independent story that does not seem to fit at all with Waldemar Daninsky's previous films. Some have commented that it is assumed that this film will take place before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", although it was released later ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this movie, Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti creature in Tibet (great dialogue here: "It was a yeti, but that's impossible, I'm a scientist and these things do not exist." It was a hallucination. Everything. "And although it is marked with the sign of the pentagram, it can prevent him from becoming a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has been cheating on him.One night, becoming the beast, he kills her and his lover before You run out in a storm and get electrocuted, it is not long before you are resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who is doing some kind of unfathomable experiments with mind control, and they take you to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals. <br /> <br /> First of all: Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, is fine, actor and passionate about his work, no matter how flawed they are these movies, you can always rely on him for a decent performance. The rest of the cast seems good enough, but it's hard to say when they have a voiceover half-folded in all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice-over artists they used were just horrible, terrible, horrible. Every time I chuckled during the movie it was the inept way that they launched their lines (they seem to constantly refer to the hero as "Waldeman"). But, unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy movies, although sometimes they are available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> The direction of José María Zabalza seems like a kind of success and error ... There are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes when really account. The reason for this was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue, used extras without his permission, and cut several shots of Molina's previous films. All this quite ruined the possibility that this film was one of the best works of Molina, and it is not surprising that they never work together again. <br /> <br /> But not all of them are bad news, because here are some good ideas. Some aspects of the story make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The idea of ​​'Werewolf as yeti' is one that came back in Molina's later work. Some pretty horrible and surreal things happen in the basement, and there is also a very memorable sequence in the middle of the film in which Daninsky runs from house to house through a village, murdering or sexually abusing innocents as he advances, a scene It is particularly intense, but it actually rises directly from Molina's first film, "The Brand of the Wolf-Man", along with some other shots. Actually, the film in general seemed very entertaining, although there are some problems with the Front Row Entertainment version, as quite obvious cuts (although some may be due simply to the director's lack of continuity). God knows what omissions there are. I will probably try to get the uncut version at some time in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a decent piece of vintage Naschy that seasoned fans could have. Enjoy it, but it could have been much better and probably would not be a good introduction.
