Spanish horror icon Paul Naschy stars in this, one of his weakest werewolf movies ... but be patient with me for a moment. Most people will become familiar with it under their most common television title, THE FURY OF THE WOLF MAN, and there have been many versions of home videos over the years. However, if you want to take the opportunity to give it a chance, the most functional edition I've seen has the title THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS, and it's an unedited and complete European version that restores a couple of disturbing scenes and contains the original nude shots missing from FURY print. It is also in a mailbox. <br /> <br /> Naschy plays Waldemar Daninsky, returning home from a trip to Tibet only to discover that he has contracted a werewolf curse and that his wife has been having an affair. He takes care of her and her lover while she is in the form of an animal, but then she becomes a guinea pig for a sexy female doctor and her female assistant. Apparently, the doctor tries to "tame" the werewolf, and there is a very strange scene of sadomasochistic love between her and the hairy and fang Daninsky that is under his trance, at least in the original version. We finally got two werewolves for the price of one when Daninsky fights a wolf! <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with the movie is that the director (according to Naschy's claims) was often drunk, and the results are quite incoherent. When seeing the copy of THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS, it is not so difficult to distinguish what happens, although the edition continues being atrocious in some points. Worst of all is the occasional mismatch footage of the voracious werewolf of Naschy, taken directly from another previous movie (LA MARC OF THE WOLFMAN, also known as "THE TERROR OF THE BLOOD OF FRANKENSTEIN") and mixed in this without any reason sensitive. The clothing of the wolf changes from black to white shirt and vice versa, as well as its behavior; At one point, the wolf walks lethargically in a hypnotic trance of FURY, then grunts and runs wildly from BLOODY TERROR. really weird
