Honestly, I had no idea that the Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon the director, not the rapper murdered) was still active in the 80s! I always assumed that the deliciously inept "Imperium of the Ants" was his last magisterial achievement in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon an old, dusty VHS copy of "The Coming," a totally dark and unprecedented image. Of witchcraft-movie that actually turned out to be a pleasant surprise more or less! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric story of the late Dark Ages in a silly turn when a villager from the year 1692 inexplicably transfers himself to present-day Salum, Massachusetts and quickly attacks a girl in the history museum. To see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who was an evil girl in good faith in 1692 and falsely accused more than twenty people of practicing witchcraft, which led to her execution in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost this to his wife and daughter and wants his revenge delayed. But Loreen, poor and three centuries older, is just an innocent schoolgirl. or is it? "Burned at the Stake" unfolds as a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a little "The Time Machine" included. Very good, Bert! The plot becomes more foolish and nonsensical with each new twist, but at least it never moves to total boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary witchcraft films such as "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror." The film jumps back and forth between current events and the flashbacks of 1692; That keeps it pretty fun and fast. The girl of Ann Putman is a fascinating character, reminiscent of the character of Abigail Williams in the best-known play "The Crucible" (also represented by Winona Ryder in the 1996 film). There are a couple of great sequences of death, like the master in the cemetery or the journalist in the library, which are committed by the ghost of the evil Reverend who made a pact with Ann Putman and perhaps even with the Devil himself. The film becomes quite spastic and completely absurd near the end, but in general there is something funny and corny. In addition, the least that can be said about Bert I. Gordon is that he has definitely developed some directorial skills over the years.
