I have seen thousands of movies and I have never written a review, but the Red Eye that I witnessed is so at odds with the brilliant tributes published here that I feel compelled to offer my two cents in protest and vote the lowest score possible. Bring the average to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a stinking and boring stinky movie that is memorable only because of its apologetic descriptions of the terrorists' target (a John Bolton-esquire diplomat stalker who is really a great guy, you do not know) and Dr. Phil, so handsome and popular (whose best-selling book, one learns, is read by frequent travelers around the world). The only real Red Eye I experienced was for rubbing my eyes in disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before disbursing $ 10 or more for this movie B, read the "Selected (above) trailer quotes" and ask yourself if you really enjoy a movie in which these were the most smart that can be found. Unfortunately, nothing else in this movie is better. The basic premise is ridiculous as hell; the performance is insipid and uninspired, completely devoid of pro / antagonist chemistry; the potential of suspense is frustrated in each turn, except during the last five minutes, by a poor direction and an early edition; The script is riddled with incongruities like: The first discoveries of the heroine as a lacrosse star from the university are questioned when she later battles the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the orifices of the plot are wider than the First Class (while the development of the character is strictly Trainer). <br /> <br /> And then there are the moments of extreme ridicule, as when the daughter of a high-level public servant is NOT going directly. for the security of the airport, at its first opportunity, to warn them of a murder plan against the National Security chief and her father. Or when that same woman runs the hell bent over the leather along the polished linoleum of the airport, the pistons of the guns and the bulging veins in her neck, while wearing 4-inch stiletto heels. Or when his pursuer pursues him with a wound sucked into the trachea. Or when the terrorists use a fishing rod to take their weapon out of the harbor. I am always willing to suspend disbelief, but I will not jump from 30.00 feet without a parachute. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about this film is that it portrays women who are capable (even in a bimbo way) of handling the most extreme emergencies, the kind of gender image that is lacking in American films. . Apart from that, this movie never takes off, and it's no more exciting than the red-eye flight from Boston to New York. Remember the last time you were deceived by deceptive trailers and brilliant tributes, in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those moments. Wait for the video of the red eyes, and do not look at it either.
