Wes Craven, you're laughing ... at our expense. The plot of Red Eyes is absurd ... We face a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks looking at a girl, who then appears in an airport behind her, flirts and accompanies her successfully, somehow makes a seat ring at his side. a space of two seats, not caught in the middle of a row of five seats (contacts at check-in?) and is very pleasant during a painful and slow accumulation. Then, once in the air, in a confined space, surrounded by strangers, immediately begins to threaten the vacuum, if it is super-efficient, Rachel McAdams and says: "We have you daddy, do what I tell you, or poppa He understands it. " Well, forgive me, but did not they have their dad ready for the massacre, so better than before, she got on the plane and, therefore, would not have been so easy, just, to grab the girl? get out of the street and terrorize her in a room somewhere, forgetting Dad's complicated and insecure plot, taking out his nails or whatever it was until he made the "call" so important that it's required? Or even, because these are the movies and we need a few unreal twists, keep the stupid father intact in distress if necessary, but dress it better so as not to harm him until the complicated plot is finished. Any sense, without the silent plane? Alternatively, without wanting to sound like a terrorist / murderer of real thought, could not the massive bazooka-missile that was used have been used much more easily in, say, a car driving on the road, with the politician inside, instead of the fifty? the story of a hotel on the waterfront in Miami, from a fishing boat (remember that, as we know, security in Miami is weak, so they will get away). I know, I know, it's much more fun to see a pretty girl for 8 weeks, steal from her parents' house to steal her wallet (which somehow, in the Star Trek style, is transported from Miami to Texas instant) to, perhaps, ask him to make arrangements for a politician to change hotel rooms and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things can go wrong here, each destroying the Great Plan completely, so why? what not to reduce the elements to a sensible handful, like as - 1. bazooka. 2. car. 3. boom! I spent my 50 minutes by car from the cinema home highlighting the abundance of flaws and the stupid turns of cod Hitchcock, which unfortunately was the best fun of the whole unfortunate experience. And in terms of security at the Miami airport ... we have a seemingly crazy and violent girl who leaves a plane, pursued by police, who during the chase sits down for a coffee, moves to another place to read a magazine in a bar and then runs again like crazy for the entire terminal ... for now also pursued by crazed Cillian Murphy (is there no CCTV then? They threw me weapons to park in the wrong place for 10 seconds in the Miami airport a couple of years ago). So, instead of talking to the police (his allies) or contacting the blower in a direct call box to his father to warn him that his life is in danger, McAdams prefers instead to steal a Carrier from people from a family on the esplanade of the airport (call the damn security ...) and drive home to Daddy, shooting down the killer with the vehicle in the front yard of the house, in a rich neighborhood watch district, crushing the porch forward in the process, an act that is actually a bit awaken dad from a nap in the afternoon, after about a minute, but somehow does not register with neighbors who are not even curious, thus ensuring 15 minutes More of hiding and search of scams while the duo runs around the vast Hollodeck type house. .. Dohhh, it really hurts me to keep thinking about all this - Cillian (will Silly be called 'a for doing this?) It becomes absurdly from the ice killer to the madly deranged (and inept) lunatic killer in the end, this theoretically dispatcher ruthless of human life n Let the father live so he can see his daughter cooking his goose. I'd better stop, because the stream of nonsense I'm writing here should sound as uncoordinated as the Red Eye script. If Ms. McAdams had not been allowed to board the plane in the first place, the title could have been altered, from "Red Eye" to "No Eye, Dear." RR
