There are moments in this unique caricature of pure beauty, but in general it is not very good. Limited animation, as well as background design and lower standard characters will limit its appeal to the mass market. The character's design looks like a cross between the original Clone Wars of Star Wars and Kim Possible of Disney, (Brendan, the main character of this character also has a strange similarity to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). The background design goes as far as far. tasteless and depressing to the stylized and rigid, however, by today's standards, in general it remains poor and cheap. Many of the backgrounds have similarities to the animation of Eastern Europe or Nordic mid-80s, nice in their own way, but for modern children audiences, accustomed to the festivals of slugs and talking dogs with each coat of its body rocking in wind. I'm sure you'll be disappointed. The story is not too attractive either and many of the voice actors are not too impressive, notably the generally brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling on his part. There are also some secondary characters that are considered slightly cliche and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, the Viking villains, although they are not used well, are well made and are specifically premonitory in both appearance and sound. There is a moment in which the main character and his mentor are saved by the wolves of a Viking attack that is very well organized. The look and feel also seemed very inspired by the movie Watership Down, which included a flagrant theft / homage to the Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The appearance is also clearly and obviously inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are interested in these subjects, you may be attracted to their appearance. The film also has very well-structured shooting moments that direct the eye in a very artistic way, which includes a beautiful cut and a large-scale Viking attack that is very changeable and impressive. Best of all, however, is the music, much of the background music is melodic and moving, specifically the song of the spiritual girl, which is truly beautiful and disturbing and works very well with the images it covers. If the whole movie was as poetic as this moment (and it tries), then this would be a very beautiful and poetic film that, unfortunately, would not reach a broad audience, but instead it is not a pity that it does not reach a more public large. audience because the majority is of average and cheap appearance and does not face the modern standards of animation. In general, a film that clearly divides my opinion in many ways, but all together are not great, but it's worth seeing them for the music and the song and the occasional or scary moment. Oh, yes, and the cat seemed to live a long time, not knowing how it was possible.
