Chris Rock deserves better than what is delivered in "Down to Earth". As directed by brothers Chris and Paul Weitz of "American Pie," this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Can Wait," itself a repeat of "Here Comes Mr. Jordan" from 1941, he lacks the abrasive and profane humor that Chris Rock an Emmy won for his first HBO special. Predictably, he utters swear words from A to Z, but consciously avoids the word F. Anyone who has seen this talented African-American comic in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows it can provoke more laughter with the word F that Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together. Unfortunately, despite a few witty phrases, "Down To Earth" comes to the fore as an artificial comedy and an improbable interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" completely destroys any good will that the Weitz Brothers generated with their landmark "American Pie" face. This disposable dive qualifies as an artificial and confusing comedy with an interracial romance blinded by totally unlikely color. Unfortunately, a cast more than competent among them "The Full Monty" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This", "SCTV" Eugene Levy and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr.? Feet standing, schematic. Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that never broke. Abysmally written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down to Earth" projects Chris as a messenger who rides a bicycle during the day in the Big Apple and is kicked off stage at night at the famous Apollo Theater of Harlem. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a serious stage fright. However, his charity manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") stays with him through thick and thin. After Lance learns that the Apollo Theater will hold a grand finale of amateur night, he begs Whitney to put him in the lineup. Excuse me, but if Lance is a comedian, why does the Apollo keep inviting him? Meanwhile, destiny has something else in store for Lance. While pedaling on his bicycle, our protagonist sees a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King from "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the street, but does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates skyward with a halo around his head. In the sky, which resembles a cruise ship nightclub, Lance learns that an overly jealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), scheduled his death 40 years ahead of schedule. <br /> <br /> Celestial Honesty Mr King (Chazz Palminteri from "Analyze This"), the man at the right hand of God, apologizes and escorts Lance back to earth. The problem is that Lance can not claim his corpse, so he must inhabit another body. The best that Mr. Keyes can provide is the ruthless, white, tycoon Charles Wellington, 60 years old. The adulterous wife of Wellington, Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and her unscrupulous personal assistant Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") have just poisoned him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts him conditionally as a lender until Keyes can locate a more appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-like-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is an activist nurse who protests her decision to privatize a community hospital in Brooklyn that serves the poor. While Regina King brings a lot of charisma to her role as a crusade health care worker, she plays a character who overlooks credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance not only tries to court Sontee but also wins a concert at the Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" presents Rock in his most unfunny role. The comedian's reason for making this film seems questionable. Reportedly, he had lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original screenplay Elaine May had written for Beatty. Initially, Beatty tried the career change trick in his own version when trying to elect Muhammad Ali in the lead role of "Heaven Can Wait." The deal failed, and Beatty headed the movie himself. According to Rock, his lifelong co-writers and he thought they could "annihilate" this classic. In addition, he justified his choice of "Heaven can wait" based on his philosophy of "Do something you can only do when you're hot." Previously, Rock rejected a script on a bus full of touring rappers, because he saw few opportunities to stretch his image in an exit like that. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not stretch his image as much as he invests it for the worst! This half-cooked concert movie with an annoying plot does so much to incinerate its comic reputation as the Weitz Brothers do! You know that a movie about a comedian is in a desperate situation when a scene is played in the nightclub, so you can not hear the jokes, just the laughter. Similarly, the choice of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler who speaks the Queen's English, but is actually a commoner from Michigan, also defies logic. Addy is a real Englishman, and he does not have to fake an accent; Your accent is genuine. The main main dilemma of "Down to Earth" is the switcheroo on and off, similar to what the characters do so that Chris Rock does not disappear completely from sight for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the film as a Wellington white man, the public sees him largely as Lance, undermining the comical irony of seeing his corpulent, bald, Caucasian white, alter ego of the ghetto and singing derogatory hip-hop lyrics. hop Incredibly, Rock fulfilled a double function as executive producer of the film and one of his four scribes. The mystery is how such wealth of talent could disrupt such an uncomfortable and misguided confusion of a comedy. About the only redeeming feature of "Down to Earth" is Jamshied Sharifi's excellent orchestral score.
