I believe that "the best of times" was a lost cause from the beginning. The initial premise (the man drops the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team, it seems he can never get over it and then tries to bring the two teams together to play again) he's one of the dumbest I've ever heard . Since Ron Shelton wrote much better sports films, I wonder if there would be more than that. I hope this movie was not lit up in green with Shelton presenting the story as I wrote before. <br /> <br /> So we have the premise. Going from there, one would think, or expect, that there might be some twists in the way to keep things lively. There is no such luck. This script follows all the predictable clichés you can imagine. There is not a moment in this movie that you will not see coming a mile away before the film reveals it and the end ... well, if you can not discover the end at the end of the first roll, then you have not paid attention or I saw no other sports movie in his life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and bore) the leaders. Williams is the poor schmo who dropped the great pass and Russell is the quarterback who threw the fatal pass. Wow, do you think Russell will go back to dressing one more time to see if he and Williams can correct a mistake that the city has never forgotten? This is a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that you can only shake your head wondering what could have been. Surely there are some giggles and, to be honest, there is a truly fun scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and the wives invite them to dinner to settle things. Neither of them realize they have been invited on a Monday and, yes, on Monday night, football is on. Keeping in mind that the two teams that play have a combined victory, men (especially Williams) try to resist the temptation to discover how the game is going. The scene dissolves into some hilarious fragments when Williams goes over the score using a visit to the bathroom as a trick. When he returns, he punctures Russell. Later, when Russell begins to do the movements of his wife Williams, he takes the television to his sight from another room. <br /> <br /> It's an inspired and funny scene in a movie almost without inspiration and stupid.
