The blank check is one of those children's films that could have been a great thriller of suspense for children, but instead it's a scam at home that is not worth a dime. Quigley is a criminal who just escaped from jail and gets a million dollars hidden with a big score and then we meet Preston, a frustrated boy whose room is occupied by his brothers to start a business and, obviously, Dad treats his siblings better because they earn money the same day they go to a child's birthday party and as their dad is cheap, they go to the little kids' rides while the other kids travel on the roller coasters and then get a birthday card and a check for 11 dollars. How cheap is this family? So, are you going to the bank to open an account and meet the beautiful Shea Stanley where her fanatical parents met? he discovers that he needs 200 to open an account, while Quigley gives his million to his banker friend and discovers that the bills are marked so he will send a juice called footman to get the unmarked ones when Preston leaves his bike, Quigley runs over him. about to write a check when he sees the cops and the locks at home, his parents scolded him for his broken bicycle and punish him, what? Has your child almost been run over and cared about a bicycle? So Preston falsifies a million dollar check through his computer and returns only to be accompanied to the banker, thinking that he gives Preston the money but the real juice came and he realized he was cheated by child! Then, Preston buys a mansion with the name Macintosh receives a limousine driver who says funny jokes and goes shopping. Then go to Shea and talk about opening your account. Are you charged and are you talking about opening an account? We soon realized that Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking Quigley and his two other accomplices. He then told his father that he has a job for Mr. Macintosh and spends the day riding karts playing vr games and going out with his limo partner. He goes out on a date with Shea in an elegant restaurant, what does a 10-year-old boy eat and give up to an FBI agent of 20 and something? Then he takes her to a street geyser and plays in the water ruining Shea's $ 300 dress, but she takes it well, if this was a bit realistic, she would slap him for ruining her expensive dress, so Quigley and the others still angry, they interrogate him. The little boy quickly spills the beans and Preston is being chased by Quigley in a scene taken from the original script and his later words. He is the host of Mr. Macintosh's birthday, which is really his birthday when he discovers that he can not pay for the party he is in. the president and dad talk to MacIntosh, who does not know it's his son he's talking to and that Preston should be a real boy and who has all his childhood ahead of him and wants Preston to go home early, right? An hour ago you were questioning him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and sits alone, thinking when Quigley and the others enter the house to make Preston pay, so he faces an ending that starts only from home. Quigley turns into a ball while Preston drives. the kart juice hits the groin and more mischief occurs until the trio corners Preston and when it seems that all hope has been lost, Shea and a group of SWAT come to save the day and so Quigley and his team are Sent to jail, but it's there. Any hope for Preston and Shea? There is and she kisses him on the lips that? What? What? An adult woman kissed a child on the lips. Come on, are you mentally disabled? I mean an FBI agent who knows that the laws of the country would risk his career to kiss a child. She could be arrested immediately! And the most spooky part of it all is that it's not a goodbye and you'll see it in 6 or 7 years! Oh dear, so you go home with your family celebrating your birthday so that the moral of the story is love and respect? What are you smoking? The bottom line is that it is a waste of time that morale is beaten, that it is flat like an omelette that annoys the child, that the villains are lame, that the comic relief is not funny, that the brothers are unpleasant, that the father is even worse, that the romantic secondary plot is creepy. superficial and the only salvation is the cinematography of Bill Pope, who filmed the matrix trilogy and two of the films of Spider-Man so that people do not waste their money and go to see their house alone. <br /> <br /> This has been a revision of Samuel Franco.
