Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival, we watched the movie "Sue" by Amos Kollek on the Panorama show, with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the main part. It's a movie about loneliness and sex, and how one thing is compensated for the other. In the same section of the Festival we now have to complain about Sue's superfluous antithesis, "Extension du domaine de la lutte", which now tries to convince us that loneliness and not having sex is one and the same problem. But unfortunately we can not sympathize with "our hero" (as the narrator calls it), because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of the company and himself. Own guilt, I'm sorry. I can not understand It is not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit it, that it is not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality that led him to this moment, but the rotten society and its image of sexuality. Yes, there are some more profound views on gender relations, but we will not follow it until now ... And the point is that there is some sign of reflection on your own part of destiny, without having sex. Who did not realize it yet, is a pretty depressing movie ... <br /> <br /> At the beginning, there were some beginnings to be more precise when outlining the situation. In the bed tent, the "hero" talks about the obstacles to buying a new bed. Maybe it's too big to climb the stairs, you have to stay at home half a day ... THIS is a satire about a character, who does not know how to take life and the heart in his hands, DO something ... The film doesn`t He follows this path, but manages his characters with impotence. Nobody believes that "our hero" is capable of instigating Tisserand for a murder. Too boring, too friendly, too passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex, it has an inhibition, but it could not be, of course, a female killer!). To finish: there are women and the world, it is not a device of a modern sexualized society. Help as you can, but do not follow the messages and the "wisdom" of this film, which announces the breakdown of human relationships, without taking advantage of true internal conflicts.
