Believe me, I wanted "Spirit." The idiotic comments that people made at the time of its publication about how picturesque it was to see an animation again by hand, by hand, as if the last cartoon animated with pencil had been launched twenty years ago, and the comments even more idiots about how computers had made the old techniques obsolete, my blood had gone up ... but then, the insulting, insipid banality that I had to endure in the first ten minutes of "Spirit" increased my blood even more. <br /> <br /> The designs of the characters are generic, the animation (partly as a result) merely competent, the artistic direction as a whole is so absolute and boring that it wonders how it could have happened (we know, by "The Prince of Egypt" and "The Road to El-Dorado", that there are talented artists in Dreamworks), and the sophisticated use of CGI is misjudged in all cases. (Why do they bother?) There is nothing worth looking at. In an animated caricature, this is fatal. <br /> <br /> But it gets worse ... <br /> <br /> Horses can not talk, but they are much more anthropomorphized and unconvincing than Deer in "bambi", which can. And it seems that, in a way, horses CAN talk. Spirit himself delivers the prologue (which sounds like a twenty-first century actor chosen in a mall in California), and from then on his relaxed, decidedly ungentle narrative is hardly absent from the soundtrack, although He never once tells us something we did not know, or expresses a feeling that the work of art, however poor, could not express twice as well. That prologue, by the way: (a) contains information that the Spirit, which we discovered later, knew, had a way of knowing; (b) expresses ideas that the Spirit would lack the power to express, even if he COULD speak; (c) includes new age garbage such as: "This story may not be true, but it is what I remember"; and (d) it will give innumerable children (the production is thrown, I suppose, at six years old) the impression that the horses are native to North America, which is true, since the common ancestor of domestic horses , the zebras etc. He was a native of North America, but all the species of horses on the continent had become extinct long before the first humans arrived, and the mustangs of Spirit's pack (which supposedly "belong here like buffalo grass") were descendants of horses introduced by Europeans. <br /> <br /> So the prologue bothered me. <br /> <br /> As often as Spirit speaks, Bryan Adams sings, sounding as usual as if he had a severe throat infection, and it's not THAT he sings or even HOW he sings, that's what he sings: narrative ballads of Maudlin who contribute even less, if possible, than Spirit's spoken narrative, and who sound as if they all had exactly the same melody (although I was paying close attention and was able to discern that they probably did not). If only Bryan Adams and the boy who pretended to be a horse could have turned OFF for a minute or two, the movie could have taken its true form: mediocre and derivative, rather than surprisingly bad.
