For anyone who loves predictable movies with a horrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, wazoo clichés and stereotypes that turn out to be typical of a US movie, look no further. DreamWorks, whether you want to save money on the acquisition of voice talent, or really want to create an animated episode of National Geographic; Either way, they managed to deliver a rather insipid and boring movie. Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a festival of boredom that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and fails to entertain despite the theme of animals that triumph over humans. After looking beyond the wonderful animations, what you have left is just a big mess. <br /> <br /> Spirit is about a stallion that looks like a handful from the beginning of the film, as it is a horse that can not be domesticated, calmed, or controlled. Because of this, he gets up and becomes the leader of his group of high spirit horses, which includes his mother. But, his life of freedom and running stops abruptly when he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this, Spirit (never really named him throughout the film) befriends a brave Native American and a horse companion, and also has a lot of friction with the cynical and cruel Army people who apparently do not believe giving up . <br /> <br /> Why should movies combine computer animation with traditional animation? It appears with a pretty interwoven look, something that Spirited Away also suffered. The best example is when a train pursues the Spirit; You see the hand drawn Spirit running from a computer animated train. It would look much better if it were one or the other, but not both; Unless you can really achieve some nice effects. The famous dance sequence of Beauty and the Beast uses computer animation, but it is not as obvious as the train or the snow in this film. The opening sequence was the most attractive part of the film, a bit sad to see the rest of the film slide a bit downhill in terms of quality. A small scene has multiple; I mean multiple similar shots of a general's face, quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this movie, but with the lack of dialogue, songs and motivation, it could be a perfect Technique to make hyper children fall asleep. While Disney is criticized for its animated musicals, they end up being much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this. Bryan Adams has no place in this film, and why does Hans Zimmer stay away from using a Western theme in this film, when it comes to a story unfolding in the Old West? The soundtrack sounds a bit if you ask me. At least they are using realistic horse noises, two points for that. However, if you are going to refrain from making the horses talk, why even have a narrator who interrupts from time to time, who happens to be the main character? <br /> <br /> The Native Americans are nice, and the Western People are evil, they kill the natives, they torture horses, they are psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit is showing us. It reaches a point where they try so hard that the spectators hate the travelers of the Wild West; they even had a scene of several horses climbing a huge train on a hill, and another scene of them destroying a whole town of natives. Now, the person with whom the Spirit befriended betrayed him, on more than one occasion, but that is forgivable, apparently because he is not a soldier; that or because he has the cheeky female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not exactly a victim that we should feel sorry for; The spectator is supposed to be sympathetic to the Spirit even though he puts his entire group of horses in danger, wreaking havoc, and may even result in some deaths off the screen that are quickly set apart because oh no, the Spirit is in problems! This film becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in several instances that the Spirit escapes the chains, kicks people, destroys property, releases horses and then gets captured again, all in the same order. The writers also seem to have an obsession with the cliffs because they are scattered throughout the film; for a movie from the Old West, they certainly have very little room to wander. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact that's a bad thing, although it was what they were aiming for. So, instead of typical music, we get a boring movie that is It becomes predictable, boring and slow in multiple instances. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when the work of the computer is launched. Everything about this movie was wrong; from the ideals that at that time the non-native Americans were the evil jesters, even the soundtrack and the musical score that seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which largely has nothing to do with the Old West, has a more Western feel than this movie. Do yourself a favor and totally skip this by all the necessary means. Thank you.
