It's nice to see people like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer make a monumental piece of cinematic garbage. It's nice to see people so rich and "successful" wasting time in one of the most forgettable, trite and pathetic film pieces of all time. This movie represents the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? It is based on a real story. Well, they start with some basic news and facts that they read in the USA. today. But then the film starts from a fantasy world and a 'Cuban' refugee will triumph in the subculture of drugs in the United States; something like Rocky in cocaine. Is it a film about Cuba or the Cubans? For my life, I do not think there is a single Cuban in this movie. The accents are totally false, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for Midwestern American values. The whole scene seems like something out of Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida. After all, a palm tree is a palm tree. Is this a romantic novel? The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the point of view, and there is not a single possibility that these two characters can take care of each other. Is this a drug movie? Well, no obsession or addiction issues are mentioned. The behavior of the actors after a coke line is nothing different than if they had drunk water. It is true that the performance is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like the Latin music of the elevator or something out of a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The work of the camera is of poor quality with too much movement and many more cranes than it could be effective. Clearly, the photography budget was excessive. The sound fades at several points and the dialogue seems to take place in a warehouse. The writing is frightening. This is one of those movies where the script is written. They drag you from one trite piece of dialogue to another, each one pushing the plot like a sack of bricks. <br /> <br /> So I'm going to ask, is this even a movie? It could be a dramatic series patched for two and a half hours. But at least one drama series has some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of misunderstood scenes together. Whatever it is, movie or not, it's a piece of shit.
