THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I have rarely seen such an incredible movie like this one. And being French, try to deepen being enigmatic. Nothing makes sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has just announced at breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive. The younger brother, Marcel, has not yet come down to breakfast, and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 he is too young to be informed. Maybe if he was four or five years old, but twelve? The first totally incredible thing is that the family does not even ask where or how the virus was infected, how long have you known it? nothing is asked They only worry that Marcel finds out. This is a very close provincial family, but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Léo's HIV positive status or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news without any question or reaction. How many families do you know where the parents / siblings would not have at least SOME reaction to one of the members who announced that they are gay? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Léo decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his former lover. And he decides to go on a trip with, of all people, Marcel. Do you know anyone who brings their little brother to go see a lover? Once again, it is totally incredible, especially because Marcel is not supposed to know about his medical problems or his homosexuality. If this is the way the family has decided to let him discover, it is quite brutal and, again, incredible. <br /> <br /> Léo goes to look for his lover, Aymeric, at his work in a bar in Paris. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the afternoon. But why would Leo want to see him at work? Why not phone and make arrangements to see it somewhere more private where they can really talk? Why not go to see him at his house? But no, Léo appears later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric does not drop everything to go walking with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that it was Léo who left him and that Léo had not answered any of his letters. Léo says "But I love you" and then walks away. But if he really loved Aymeric, would not he have told him at least about his HIV status, to warn him to get tested and maybe get medication? This would be the least I could do ?? but not a peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he might have contracted the AIDS virus. Is this totally irresponsible of him? and the filmmakers; Was this movie apparently made for a French television series for young people? It is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here? I suppose that "every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things? Another aspect of the movie that was totally amazing was the "touch sensitive" look. Everyone is always lying against someone, caressing someone or kissing someone. Within the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France that is THIS physical, it does not matter a whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg resting on the lap of his older brother, and the older brother is stroking his leg while everyone sits down to discuss something. How many brothers do you know who are physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old boy enters Marcel's room asking "What's wrong, can not you sleep?", Then takes off his clothes and, completely naked, goes to bed with his brother and curls up to him as if They were lovers This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave it a somewhat incestuous feel to the film. I'm sorry, once again, I do not think this is a regular behavior among teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are very well. Especially Marcel in the main role. But was not it really enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family has gone to the cemetery to bury Léo, but once again, Marcel has been left out? They have left him in the care of a cousin (I think). However, he escapes and watches the funeral from afar. Is this what such a close family would have done? It is totally inconceivable that they did not include him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene in the movie, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
