The recent boom in the dating program on US television screens has reached fever pitch since the first episode of "The Bachelor." The unsuspecting audiences since then have been the subject of countless clones and variations, such as "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love Or Money" and the execrable "Married By America". Hoping to capitalize on this trend, and at the same time take advantage of and exploit a new demographic group, Bravo has unleashed the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" in the world. And have mercy on all of us. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and designed to be cheerful: an eligible gay man is courted by a series of suitors, eliminated show by show until one is left, but there is a twist. Half of men are actually heterosexual. This is not a big deal, but the inherent cruelty of the stage starts after hearing the reward: if, at the end of the program, the gay man chooses a heterosexual man in disguise, the straight man wins a prize money. The gay man receives nothing, or at least nothing more than a few goodbye gifts, a pat on the back and a round of "Are not you ashamed? Well, thanks for playing." <br /> <br /> Like the equally painful "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this program is another example of stereotypes that go crazy. What makes it even worse, however, is the fact that heterosexual men are playing UP these stereotypes for money. The producers of this program believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man's hair, dress in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, stripping it of the whole body, fat and the voila! It's the gay equivalent of putting a white artist in blackface, and it's as offensive to us as I am, that we're really gay and we do not dress or act like that. It implies that gays do not have any variation or possibility of individuality, that they can not behave like real people, only as stereotypes. It does not matter that the bank of suitors is very absent in any kind of diversity. All have gym tones, most are white, and they all look too clean and clean. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of encouraging the acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals capable of changing and changing, Hollywood has once again taken a stereotype and has taken it to the bank. I feel genuinely dirty to see this program, as it shows any gay man who sees this brazen parade of soft porn disguised as legitimate television. 1 out of 10
