I saw the house full when I was younger and I can not understand why I did it. I do not remember really enjoying the show. I think that I and most of the Americans who observed this were hypnotized by their evil. It will put you in a trance state and there is no turning back. I'm still marked but I try to keep going. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it has to be SO bad. The program is SO cliché with each episode ending with a "talk" from the father to make everyone's problems disappear. The characters in the show are all disgusting. There is a clever father of cleaning, obsessed with cleanliness, to which you want to hit him in the face every time he appears on the screen. Then we have a supposed uncle "rocker" who is there to look nice for moms who have to see this shit. We have another guy who does not have any fun and who makes bad impressions of Bullwinkle (I need him to say more about him). There is the oldest daughter who can not act and is always whining about something. Then a middle daughter who always says: "HOW RUDE!" to almost everything someone says. Finally, there is the youngest daughter, Michelle. Do not make me start with Michelle, but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I suppose you would associate it with the antichrist. She is always demanding things, trying too hard to be "pretty", she is constantly saying "DUH!" and turning his eyes that make you want to slap her. I'm not a big fan of using a lot of physical abuse as punishment for children. But in your case, I would make an acceptance. I needed it every day. She is the most selfish character that has ever been introduced in conventional television. An example of this is when his rock uncle is busy doing his work in the attic. The brat decides to constantly annoy him and demand attention. He screams at her and she gets angry. POOR BABY! The rest of the episode deals with his emotional needs and the uncle finally apologizes to her. UGGHH! The show will lower your IQ and slowly destroy your will to live. I'm surprised that we do not hear the news about the game of the house full in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not see repetitions of the show. You will thank me later.
