For most of the younger viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. Then, because of this, you probably do not feel so sad when you watch this movie like me. It turns out that I'm a crazy silent comedian, since I've seen almost all the Keaton movies that still exist. My great liking made this movie very painful from beginning to end. This is because during his silent days, Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedian. He was amazing in his physique and his films were almost never boring. However, in a move that film historians are still baffled by, at the end of the silent era, Keaton gave up his independence and became an MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton solely as an actor, and wrote scripts for him that did not respect what made him great. At first, these films with MGM were not so bad (like THE CAMERAMAN) but with talkies, the studio really spoiled it, which put him in several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift for gab and it was abrasive. Keaton, in contrast, was silent and based on action. Two more different and incompatible actors would have been difficult to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some really terrible movies. <br /> <br /> Now, this does not mean that SPEAKING EASILY is a terrible movie. No, instead, it's more of a time passer and an incredibly funny one. In fact, if you enter the film assuming it's a comedy, the movie is probably harder to enjoy. Instead, it's a kind of drama with some comic elements. It is NOT a movie that produces laughter, especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie starts in a strange scenario. Keaton is a university professor whose entire life is teaching. He does not know anything about the world and his nose is stuck in his books. In a strange move, Keaton's servant tricks him into believing that Keaton has received $ 750,000 from a dead relative, in the hope that this will prompt him to go out and enjoy life. This is incredibly artificial, but somehow it manages to work. Not terribly well, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton leaves school immediately and goes on a trip to New York to have fun. On the way, he meets an incredibly talentless theater troop. Since he knows nothing of the world, he does not seem to realize that they stink. And, as he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them to New York to perform on Broadway. However, just before the show begins, his friends discover that Keaton is NOT rich. Then, they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from the process servers that want to close the program. They assume that if the show is a success, then they can pay off the debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What are you going to do? And, will Keaton get the good girl, will she remain allied with a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or will she remain completely on the ground? If you care, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has few stunts in the movie, although there are some that are near the end. Instead, Keaton simply walks the part in a very tenuous way. There is very little to love about this movie or hatred. It's just blah ... when it SHOULD have been so much better.
