This came out during the last sigh of the Western genre; unfortunately, it seems to be a very small and unsatisfactory effort, even if it is done by and with veterans in the field. For starters, the plot offers nothing remotely new: James Coburn escapes from a gang in the chain, with the intention of killing the man (now retired) who put him there, Charlton Heston. While the latter puts a trap, Coburn mocks Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Naturally, the ex-lawman, accompanied by Hershey's fiancé (Chris Mitchum), begins to pursue Coburn and his followers, all of whom went to jail with him. <br /> <br /> Instead of taking care of the process in his McLaglen he adopts the traditional subdefordian style and opts for a Sam Peckinpah approach, with which he never feels comfortable: repellent characters, a lot of violence and the sexual tension generated by Hershey's presence among the lustful Coburn group. By the way, Heston and Coburn had appeared together in a Sam Peckinpah Western: the MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I really need to pick up the restored edition of this DVD, although I recently recorded the theatrical version in the TCM UK format and pan-and-scan format). Anyway, the film is too generic to generate the elegiac mood for which it strives clearly (also suggested by the title): then, again, both stars had already paid an adequate adaptation to this more American genre: WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and ¡Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> However, at least, Heston maintains a minimum of dignity here: his aging character tries to stay ahead of Coburn mestizo by anticipating what his next move will be; the latter, however, tackles a brutally unusual role and only becomes his in the climax (enjoying his moment of revenge by forcing Heston to witness Hershey's violation by his associates). Apart from the latter, this long sequence makes Heston try to trick Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), the villainous band is trapped inside a forest fire caused by the practitioner Heston and the violent death of the two 'protagonists (as was his fashion, the disappearance of Heston takes the form of a free sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Michael Parks as the ineffective sheriff of the city, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant and Larry Wilcox - from the CHiPs television series! - as the youngest member of the Coburn gang who has the task of keeping an eye on Hershey (while doing everything he can to keep his teammates drooling away!). Jerry Goldsmith provides a tasty score but, at the same time, without complications.
