First of all, my sincere commotions to anyone who has bought a movie ticket hoping to see a movie with the same model as the fantastic Gregory's Girl and Local Hero, but ended up leaving the cinema feeling disappointed and vaguely deceived. While it is true that the sequels are often, with some notable exceptions, they are a mistake and exist simply to provide studio executives with the opportunity to capitalize on the success of a previous film, either by offering us a covert retread of the original story or to draw a line so far from the intentions of the original that the resulting film does not make sense. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of committing both sins: on the one hand, revisiting the plot of Gregory's Girl, while at the same time offering a frankly incredible and absurd story in which the participants participate. Scotland arms dealers. Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where at the tender age of sixteen, he harbored a desperate passion for Dorothy's football. Although he is now thirty-five years old, Gregory still harbors a hopeless passion, but now for the football that Frances plays, also at sixteen, despite the fact that the music teacher, Bel made it clear that she is attracted for him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her led him to participate in a plan to expose a local arms dealer who is also an old friend of the school. It does not make sense to go further, since the rest of the story is forgettable and the end does not make any sense. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory himself, in the sense that there is no sign of the attractive and charming sixteen-year-old Gregory, who pursues Dorothy, actively and comically, convinced that he would finally conquer her. At thirty-five, Gregory is presented as a pretty sad and friendless creature whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside of work, he spends his time watching videos of Noam Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices. As his friends and relatives from the previous movie have apparently faded, except for two nonsense scenes with his younger sister, who no longer offers advice or seems interested in his life, we are confused about what Gregory really wants, who He is and why he is the way he is. Why, for example, do not have friends? Why do you never see your father, who is clearly alive? Why have you returned to teach at the school you attended? Why are you so interested in Noam Chomsky and the injustice? Why has he become so listless? Why are you attracted to Frances? Why do not you feel attracted to Bel until the last twenty minutes of the movie? What the hell do Bel or Frances see in him, since he is neither immutable nor even interesting? Why does he keep trying to impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an object and when their association threatens to interrupt his life completely? Should we really believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells weapons of torture to oppressive regimes could avoid media scrutiny but fall against a couple of school-age children? Does Gregory really think that throwing a handful of computers into the sea will change anything? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to repeat his performance as teenager Gregory up to facial expressions and strange body language. Unfortunately, in a thirty-five year old child, it seems strange and vaguely spooky. In addition to that, it is difficult to feel sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams related to sex with one of his students wearing the uniform, while both are in a pile of gym mats. Instead of being fun, it just smells like pedophilia. It's hard to know what was going through Bill Forsyth's mind when he wrote this script or why he thought the fans of the original movie would adopt a story that lacked the charm, wit and warmth that made the first movie a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to create a film about a man who refused to grow up and commit to adulthood and perhaps whose happiest memory was to be sixteen and look for the prettiest girl in school, but who was it forces to graduate. accept that a life lived in the past is not life at all. At least, it could have been the basis of a movie that was thematically interesting and intelligent. As it is, the two girls of Gregory add up to 116 lost and useless minutes without saying anything and meaning even less. Gregory's Girl was responsible for the launch of the Bill Forsyth race, and I hope Gregory's two girls are not responsible for sinking her.
