In the days before Gore and sex took over, true horror movies were made. Castle of Blood is, in my opinion, one of the best, although other reviewers have given mixed ratings. In a strange way, he remembers the more recent Others, who was in theaters a couple of years ago. <br /> <br /> Director Antonio Margheriti re-created his own image in 1970, entitled this time the Web of the Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). I do not understand why he did this, although the remake was played by Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and it was very good in its own right. Maybe he saw a good story and wanted to adapt it more to the American public. I do not really know. It is interesting that he made the original in black and white and the remake in color. <br /> <br /> The Castle of Sangre is an excellent Italian Gothic. It is said that The Macabre Dance is an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, who "appears" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, owner of an enchanted castle, bet the American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he can not spend the Night of Souls in that castle and survive. Foster enthusiastically accepts the bet, but soon regrets it, as he witnesses a series of murders committed by ghosts. It seems that the ghosts come back to life once every few years, but they are condemned to recreate the crimes they committed in life. Lord Blackwood conveniently forgot to tell Foster that his blood is necessary for them to be resurrected on the next Night of Souls! <br /> <br /> It is not necessary that Foster and the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (played by the incomparable Barbara Steele) fall in love, even though their romance is condemned, because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not reveal the ending, but I will only say that Castle of Blood is a romantic tragedy, since it is a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is greatly atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they make true horror better than anyone else, and the somewhat subdued black and white filming only improves this. To be fair, Web of the Spider was fine in its own right, even with color and higher brightness. I loved the prolonged shots, something that most directors of today do not have patience for. In fact, when Alan enters the doomed castle for the first time, we are offered several minutes of him doing nothing but wandering from one room to another, fear and restlessness accumulate in his face and manners. By the time the first ghost appears, the audience is fully prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something that is not often done in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable, very visual scenes for this type of movie. The "murder" of Elisabeth and the dance scene (remember something of the similar dance of the ghouls in the Carnival of Souls of 1962) were particularly good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few general interest viewers will listen, much less see, this movie. That's a shame, because this is a cut above the rest. I received my copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can be bought elsewhere. For people interested in this genre, it is a must.
