This is the second time I've seen this movie in about 12 years. These comments come from someone who believes that Kane and Ambersons are amazing and worthy movies. But the rest of Welles's career is, unfortunately, squandered on material unworthy of his talent and too weak to support his filmic embroidery. And when he makes a potboiler like Shanghai, the lack of something substantial to hang his film tricks is a sad thing. I could not tell you what I was exploring here. He is as modest as the beautiful Irish brogue of Welle; which requires a lot of effort, but adds absolutely zero to the film. Several projects of Welles became this overdeveloped and baroque. Mr. Arkadin (choose a version, any version) is a similarly elaborated project. The material is inconsequential. He simply can not bear the weight of all these noodles. For a director who deals with a drama based on reality (like here), he never feels any attraction for tying his feat to reality; or a coherent story. The murder plan for rent is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> However, congratulations to Welles, for having made Hayworth cut his hair and take away that performance. The camera loves her. She is the most elegant, most elegant, sensual and dazzling woman ever filmed. But his betrayal comes so late in the film that it seems like a desperate decision, made for the film to have some sort of genre in which it fits. The film can not be saved by a noir convention implemented in the last 60 seconds. <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done in L.F.S., are the convolutions all for what? to convince you that you've seen something reflective? To give Welles more to do? to roll your eyes? Welles is not sensitive to the scale of a story, or to telling a story directly. One wonders what Shanghai has to say to anyone who is not a crippled billionaire, when organizing a quadruple-crusader murder plan, or a fanatic in love with cinematic concepts without meaning or substance. <br /> <br /> Oversized, absurd, non-compromising.
