Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller from a thriller based on the concept that the AIDS virus was an ovine virus mutated by the government to rid the world of homosexuals and apparently was proven with convicts in previous years to the outbreak of the horrible disease. . If it were not for the importance of the concept of the film, this would be included in the category of the many films about the ruin of the world by a non-harmful and unrestrained infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and the effects of the convicts in which he was infused. He encounters a certain disdain and resistance to a dead theory, but he also encounters some people who know the theory and support his research. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of serial murders is carried out, each victim murdered in a similar manner and each murder apparently accompanied by music from the opera 'Turandot' by Puccini that has just opened at the San Francisco Opera. A police investigator, Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her accompanying police officer (Kalene Parker) continue the murders while Stefan travels to sex clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to locate men who may have been guinea pigs for the theory his father's. He meets a strange boy, Jeffrey (Jim Thalman), with whom he has an attraction for cat and mouse, and a prominent Dr. Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in the cast of suspects. The way in which all this ends is the game of the film, a story both about the search of own identity between Stefan and Jeffery and in a case for the investigation of murders. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti do well with their roles (they are the only three who have previous experience in the film's performance!), the quality of the film is reduced considerably by the unacceptable Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker, who are less than acceptable. Screen the credibility of the story falls below zero. There are some small cameos of other actors that illuminate the screen for the moments they inhabit, but throughout the film is drowned by the repeated repetition of 'Nessun dorma' sung by Mario del Monaco in a recording of the opera, and that seems! To be the reason to make the movie! Good idea for a movie and some good characterizations of the actors, but there is no resolution of the initial premise that started everything. Grady Harp, February 6
