I was thinking that the main character, the astronaut with the bad case of the races (in his case, his skin, hair, muscles, etc.) could always get more work for the cinema after it had been reduced to a puddle. All you have to do is get a job like Blob. The premise of this movie is pretty boring. An astronaut is exposed to solar radiation (I think), and so begins to act like an ice cream cone on a hot day. Not only is it a puzzle, but it seems that it has to kill humans and consume their flesh in order to maintain some kind of cellular integrity. Eh Have you ever noticed that every time some type of accident or experiment with radiation occurs, the person instantly becomes a killing machine? Why is that? <br /> <br /> The astronaut dives into the night from the 'secret installation' (which has no security), shedding himself as he goes. Apparently, he keeps only enough memory for him to head to the launch pad, maybe because he wanted to go back into space. <br /> <br /> Thus begins the part of the film that is quite full, with a doctor wandering around with a Geiger counter, trying to find the man who is melting from the buzz he emits. Kill a stupid fisherman like Bill Gates, scare a little girl in the style of the Frankenstein monster movie and end up with a strange older couple (punishing them karmically for stealing some lemons). Then there is a short scene in which he hits his ex-general, and a very long scene in which he kills a foolish young man and pursues his girlfriend. One would think that after she cut off his arm and he escaped, the scene would change. But no ... we are treated for about ten minutes by the woman huddled in a corner panting and screaming in terror, even though the monster is gone. All I could think was ... the director's girlfriend, anyone? <br /> <br /> The end of the movie is even slower than the rest. The man who melts ends up becoming a bunch of goo, and then ... nothing. That's. That is the end of the movie. Well, at least that meant there was no room for a sequel.
