Emma is my favorite novel by Jane Austen. Emma has good intentions despite her shortcomings, so readers can forgive her and love her, and the relationship she has with Mr. Knightley, which is warm, familiar, respectful but playful, generating that warm and confusing feeling. romantic emotion Mr. Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is the closest you can get in those times to an independent, intelligent and confident woman. Remember, she is only 21 years old, and surely she will have matured and grown out of her faults. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want Mr. Knightley to come back? This version of Emma does not give you any idea of ​​the things I love about Emma. I could not even finish seeing it, I just found it so horrible. I could not see the warm and generous side of Emma, ​​which impels the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, which shows that she is willing to put her friend's happiness above hers (since she sacrifices the only companion in her home by sending Miss Taylors' marriage). The character of Mr. Woodhouse in this adaptation only seems strange, instead of being quaint, old and a little annoying. <br /> <br /> This adaptation, which is the most important, does not bring life to the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley is indulgent with Emma's minor faults, trusting that his intelligence and genuine care for others will never allow him to deviate terribly; and Emma looks at him, but playfully hides this and continues to use her own judgment. When dressing, he gives reason to the beginning of the show, completely exaggerates the discussion between them and ruins any possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as described above. Mr. Knightley is also not attractive enough to give life to sexual tension among potential clients (or to inspire admiration on the part of the viewers). <br /> <br /> Really horrible. I can not understand why someone who really likes the novel may like Emma, ​​unless it is miraculously redeemed after the point I turned it off.
