With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the celestial train, this was 94 minutes of amazing amazement! The performance was atrocious, but the story is what really struck me as scary. The performance was wooden and forced, even for the first standards of the talkies (the exceptions are Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of which can do evil). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless like Julie (as it was also in 1932, Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, an excellent movie). And the rest of the cast was worse, there being no words to describe his horror. <br /> <br /> However, worse than the performance was the story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, an older woman and a user of women without any kind of redemption. He marries Julie, but he does not support her, but he lies in bed all day or goes out with his criminal friend of low life (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he never has a kind word to say to Julie and hits her regularly. However, Julie loves him and continually gives him excuses, which seems to make him more abusive. What is even worse is that this film presents this story as a love story. Somehow we're supposed to see Julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last third of this film takes place after Liliom committed suicide (a plot of theft goes wrong and Liliom sinks a knife instead of being caught by the police). While he was dying, he tells Julie: "I hit you all the time, but I do not regret it." When she finally dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (None of the characters said "I love you" to the other while they were alive.) After his death, the Chief Magistrate of God gives Liliom one more day on earth so he can "do something good" for his unborn child . The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed one day on earth to see her 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the front yard of her house and tries to convince her to let him "do something good" for her; he tries to get her to play cards, tries to give him the horn of Gabriel, but she is not interested and rejects him. So he slaps her. He. Slaps Su. And then disappears back to the afterlife. Looking, we see her daughter telling Julie about this. The girl says that the slap did not hurt, that it felt like a kiss. This is supposed to be the magic moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julie responds that "someone can be beaten and beaten and hit and not hurt at all". Then the music swells and Liliom rides to heaven on the celestial train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was a salvation in this movie, and that's the interview between the Chief Magistrate (HB Warner was really magnificent here) and Liliom on the celestial train. The magistrate had some very profound things to say to Liliom about life and second chances and death. This scene alone made me upload this rating from 1 to 2 stars. Regarding Liliom's suicide as a means of escaping from his problems, the Magistrate says: "People assume that when they die, their difficulties end for them, you thought that by killing yourself, you would cancel all your responsibilities, it's not as simple as that." . On Earth, his name is still said, his face is still remembered. As long as one remembers it, the matter will remain unanswered. Until you have completely forgotten it, it will not end with the Earth, even though you are dead. "Some sublime and transcendental things among the most horrible garbage I have seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story has apparently been filmed many times as "Liliom" and as the musical "Carousel".
