Universal's response to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a bland and unimaginative direction from Michael Winner, who wasted an outstanding cast with a script that accumulates crater-sized screen holes. Not to mention, it is unbearably foolish to never explain certain key elements within the story. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves to a skyscraper owned by the Catholic Church with a curious blind priest John Carradine, who always hides there in the window. She begins to suffer fainting and nausea. What's worse are the tenants he meets in the building, like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (who looks really good at 55) is the realtor who showed Raines the place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after discovering they were having an affair. José Ferrer has a small role as the "Priest of the Brotherhood," who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful when he goes to the skyscrapers, not only housing Carradine but Raines as well. Sarandon sends a contracted hand to a skyscraper one night to see a certain room over Cristina's apartment, where she heard metallic noises and other noisy noises. He ends up dead the same night that Cristina "kills" her father DEAD in a nightmare. Cristina, who screams crazy in the street, really has blood on her, which leads police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate with certainty that everything somehow leads to Sarandon, who is a hot shot lawyer who once he hit the policeman. Court on the suicide of the whole woman. That case is really a motivating factor, it's Wallach's stubborn approach to finding out who Cristina's blood really was and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. He also has Martin Balsam as a teacher who understands this type of Latin. Cristina understands mysteriously and the actors not considered as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular room that is available in the same room (now renovated) that Cristina once stayed in! What bothers me most is the lack of explanation. Towards the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we are left wondering why they simply get up and stop investigating. His characters are left in the background. How priests know that "now is the time" in which a man will die and that he must be replaced to protect a certain door in that tall building and why Cristina suffers the trauma she suffers is not adequately explained. How certain ghosts appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied during a cat's birthday (see for yourself) is not adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand scheme of things ... she takes people to that high place, but what are really her reasons in the movie? It seems that this movie should have been longer and clarified the things that were lost to a hasty conclusion that is only laughable when it should be scary.
