The prison is located in Wyoming, where work in a new prison has had a problem, so the state board decides to reopen a former state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years, and CEO Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is placed position. 200 strange prisoners are sent and set to work fixing the ruin of the prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who was ordered to break into the old execution chamber, forces him, but when he penetrates the brick door, an intense ray of light goes off and all the electricity, gas and fire around the prison go crazy for a few minutes. Burke, unknowingly, has unleashed a deadly evil force that is in the mood to kill and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin, I thought the prison was a bad ending horror movie of the 80s that seemed to forget the little point of having a story. The script was written by Courtney Joyner, a regular client of Empire Pictures, who was responsible for writing "classics" such as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004), among others. Horror budget shit that I have not even heard about and seems to be taken very seriously. The biggest problem I have with Prison is that it is too slow, the movie takes more than 30 minutes before the "evil force" is released, although the pace accelerates towards the end, but by then it was too late. As far as I'm concerned, there's the fact that there's no discernible plot here. To begin with, he never tries to explain why there is an "evil force" blocked in the old execution room, he never explains why this force decides to randomly kill prisoners when it is supposed to be on a revenge mission or why it simply does not "t kill the Warden Sharpe immediately, there is no explanation of where Burke fits in, although it looks exactly like the prisoner who was electrocuted and returned, there is no real explanation of how the Warden is connected to everything that is happening apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to be remembering something, although he never reveals what it is or why ... To be honest, I really could not give you a synopsis of the plot, since the film does not have a rigid story that follows The characters are boring and forgettable, the murders are few and far between, the rhythm is far away, the whole movie is a disaster and even ghosts can not shoot r directly when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes, there really are better things you could be doing. <br /> <br /> The full debut of the American film director Harlin does a good job and there is a decent atmosphere, but after more than an hour of prison cells and dark corridors, dull and dull, I started to get bored . I just think that the aspect of the film is too repetitive, tasteless and frankly lifeless. I did not think it was scary and the gore is quite docile, apart from the best moment of the whole movie, when a police guard dies when a load of barbed wire wraps around his body and face with a nice closing of his throat . being torn open. Apart from that, there is a burned corpse and a shattered body that falls from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene in which the Guardian burns all the prisoners' mattresses in front of them and then puts them up all night in their underwear in the yard. I was watching this scene and I thought that I would never get away with doing something like that. Here, the prisoners have rights and if the Guardian did something like that, there would be a national protest by all the humanitarian and each prisoner would sue the Guardian, the prison service and the government for everything they had and would win! <Br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of around $ 4,000,000. The prison had a fairly healthy budget, although it does not really look like it on the screen, there's sure to be a decent cast and the few special effects included are good, but in general it's ready in the same place with limited ambition. Actually, the prison was filmed in a real state prison in Wyoming, so it certainly looks like the business. The acting is fine, the prison shows that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have a horror movie skeleton in their closets, but in the case of Mortensen he has two with this and the frightening The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994). I'm sure you'd like to forget about ... <br /> <br /> The prison is a dull waste, lifeless, colorless and humorless 100 minutes, despite a good bloody scene that I did not like at all As a matter of fact, I prefer that my films have a story instead of seemingly random events and improvised incidents without narrative sense.
