Me neither, but this movie is, unfortunately, one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be horrible, which makes them completely useless and a total waste of time. There is nothing more interesting than a mediocre movie, and My name is modesty: whatever the subtitle, mediocrity leads to a new level. It's full of B actors, but it's not fun at all because it's taken seriously. It configures itself as a thriller, but then it becomes a kind of growth drama, flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, smothered beyond recognition under makeup, looks more like a member of the Top Model cast than Modesty Blaise. I am not one of those comics fans who want every adaptation of their precious "graphic novels" to be perfect. In fact, I've never read Modesty Blaise. All I wanted was a decent movie to watch. . But that was not all. The film feels half finished, with a weak conclusion and very little exciting for a very weak plot. He also takes his audience for idiots, explains every little detail of the plot and shows us retrospective scenes of things that happened three scenes ago (I guess they think we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I love it. good movie B: what better than just turning off your brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us the wonderful trash splash movie From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything that a bad B series movie had to bring to the table: nudity, blood, weapons, whatever. "Modesty" is simply boring. The flashback about Modesto's life is not interesting. The acting is not bad enough to laugh at. In fact, I liked the performance of Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau a bit (Hey friend, pseudonyms are your friends!) Like the bad guy. <br /> <br /> So, in general, it's unconvincing. Weak. Uninspired. Call it whatever you want. Do not look at anything because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a film of half suspense, which can not be forgotten, and never tries to be more than that. Let me round out this review with a very unconvincing pun (seriously, I'm even shrinking): My name is modesty: a modest waste of time - 4/10
