I grew up reading Modesty Blaise, both comics and books, and she really is a hero to me. Although I was not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, I was still interested to hear a few years ago that I was considering making a movie of her: could I finally give Modesty a good big screen treatment that she deserves? A few months ago I heard about 'My Name Is Modesty' and I checked the stars that had been given here, and I was not surprised to discover that the score was not too high, since the beloved characters often have difficulties to melt the fans 'Heart if it is not done exactly right. So I decided not to read any reviews and see the movie in its place, and well, I just saw it, and I'm stunned, sad, and yes, very angry too. Sad and furious to spend more than an hour of my time to see something as fabulous as the character of Modesty Blaise that has become a movie that has nothing to offer the viewer or fan. <br /> <br /> It seems that almost all this film is mediocre and unprofessional, although I must admit that I saw some actors in other films before where they were good, so I can not blame them. But the script and the direction ... My God, why even make this kind of garbage with production values ​​a little bigger than your average TV movie, but much worse? I do not know the background of this film and, in reality, I do not want to know, but I can not help but wonder how Tarantino, with a straight face, could say that he loves Modesty and then put his name on it. is? He just lost a lot of respect in my eyes. The director was not the right man for this job and I can honestly thank him for ruining my night. <br /> <br /> I give this film 3 stars and those stars go to the actors and the technical quality that I could have had. it has been worse The other seven stars that are missing are for what this movie was not good. Oh, well, with luck at some point there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie that has other goals than stealing money from Modesty fans. Although if people like Tarantino are the decision makers, I'm not holding my breath.
