Let me say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a horror movie from the 80s, but it's fun to watch them. And he also gave us something a little different. So I bought it with pleasure and to my surprise this movie came along with it (only the copy they had in reality) so I thought "Hey, what the hell" and I bought it. Mistake # 1. So that night I felt like watching a movie (I actually bought tons that day) and I realized that it was the shortest of all I bought, so I'll just see this and hit the sack. Mistake # 2. Yes, I've heard how bad it was, but I was willing to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So within a few minutes of the movie there is already the first flashback. I do not think anything of that at the beginning. Then the new images with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I like the direction in which it goes. Then the next flashback, which is a bit longer, and I'm sitting thinking "Yes, I've seen the first Boogeyman! I know what's happening, so move!" Then the next one appears and I guess I screw it and move through it . Then, the last one (Maybe I went quickly through the explanation, but why was she lying topless in the mirror? At least she could have shown them!) And I decide to move quickly and then the climax and the movie They are sold out! WTF? What happened to the prediction things? What happened to the long hair guy (did that or what?)? And more importantly, what kind of grass was the writer and director smoking when making this horrible POS ?? And what was the point? Was Annie having flashbacks of what happened in the first movie? Or was it that the things in the first movie happened at the same time as this? This last one could make sense because the stabbing of Pantyhose Face happened in 1978 according to the characters of this film and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no, I would not! Because Lacey (who changed the name of the movie to Nancy? Uli is too stupid to remember the names of the characters in her movie?) She would have been 20 years since she was 5 years old when that happened and Not only is she married to someone who looks very cunning but she also has a Child who looks at 7 and 10! Did he move during high school? And also why would Panti be behind Annie? What connection does she have even with the characters from the original movie? And a GREAT HUGE MOVIE DANGER that I found in this movie is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook, does anyone realize that he is only WRITING? Wow, what a professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation of all the questions I asked earlier? IT IS A MOVIE WITHOUT POINTS WITHOUT THINKING PUT IT IN EVERYTHING! I'll try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with that movie alone and that's it (maybe a couple of additional features, some special edition of it?). Then I will return this DVD and, hopefully, this review and all the others will prevent those who have not seen it from seeing the movie stores get rid of it and this movie may no longer exist! Please, let that be so! I'm sorry this review is so long. I'm angry with this movie, I had to vent somehow.
