I think I agree that many of the comments here must be false. Even if the movie is not necessarily bad, it is definitely below average. "Dark Remains" is basically a ghost movie with a premise of your own ghosts and bad emotions that chase you. The film already begins with 2 stories without interaction between networks, which even later are not linked together. A couple loses their son who is cut in his bed. They move to a country house to escape their past and guess what ... the house is haunted, something like that. From here, Dark Remains starts very slow with some moments of fear (the first appearances of ghosts are nice and the sequence of the lantern also worked very well). Okay, then ... The woman sees daughters' ghosts, other ghosts of people died in accidents or suicides appear, the man tries to solve the secret of the houses of the past, the woman gets depressed, strange neighbors appear. Almost everything has been there, but the premise of being your own emotions is nice, so wait for the turn. There is no turning, you are only confused by a history story of the haunted house, the strange neighbor, a totally useless creepy prison and the dead daughter thrown along with a photographic idea that reminds me a lot of "The Shutter". The ending is ridiculous because when you start and end a slow movie with piano music it is quite boring to include some hordes of ghosts while looking like a zombie movie, of course, to return to the slow rhythm and piano music. <br /> <br /> In short ... Dark Remains could have been a pretty terrifying ghost story if the script did not try to go everywhere and get anywhere. There are too many clustered stories that simply do not make any feel and contradict in the basic environment of the movie. And next ... please never use the abandoned prisons again. It's so worn out and, in this case, it does not make any sense. "Hey, there's a creepy prison uphill, we're going to shoot there." I guess many ingredients in Dark Remains were thrown into the mix in this way.
