The dueling couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter, and discover that there may be ghosts lurking in the place, restless spirits of former occupants who committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for her daughter's horrible death because she left the door open and the marriage has deteriorated due to this. Julie remains in a state of zombie, almost without emotion, remote and numb, only photographing a nearby abandoned prison, finding a surprising image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell. Although Allen does not see anything out of the ordinary, Julie continues taking pictures and we can recognize that something is not right. A local helper, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a fairly distant guy who keeps a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the shelters that occur in the Pykes. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold the Pykes' cabin also find themselves as victims, Mr. Booth's abuse by the alcoholic to his wife returning to pursue him. Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin, trying to unravel the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> Many ghosts move in the background in this grim supernatural tale with virtually all the miserable characters. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost, it is incredibly difficult to connect with her even though you understand her situation. Performance, as often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters is easy to grasp. I suppose it is supposed to be like that, under their circumstances, but the problem I had was never being able to adequately embrace the Pykes due to their constant state of isolation. Cheri is so cold and distant, as I imagine a mother would tend to be when you lose a child that way, but the icy nature left me begging to be hugged, something I never could. I believe that the right interpreters, even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil, can seize the hearts of their viewers, if humanity reaches us ... in the case of this movie, potential customers can not do it, because whatever reason. . It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters that pulled the strings of my heart. Anyway, as the movie continues, Allen slowly discovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife, who has convinced herself that her daughter is among them and that she will never lose her daughter again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the assaults that ravage the area where he must kill the Pyke, becomes a vital threat. Ghosts remain a central part of the film, its presence, particularly Jim's mother, established far, far in the distance. The end reveals them all, since Allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this because of my concern with the drivers and their characters.
