Well, now what the hell is this supposed to be? Is it a family fantasy movie to capitalize on the huge success of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all do not understand? Yes, it must be that! Whatever it is, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (the old John 'Bud' Thistles of "Kingdom of the Spiders" and the writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") must have sniffed a lot of glue when they wrote The Ideas for This demented hodgepodge of genres. The story does not make the slightest sense and the narrative structure is incoherent, but who cares, as long as it has papier-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecraft, lights and laser shows inducing headache and spontaneous combustion supernovas. The introduction of the voice-over is practically inaudible, but do not worry, since everything is nonsense! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think it is? Time does not necessarily pass chronologically, it is a giant paradox! The words that were spoken thousands of years ago still hover around and even the things that will happen in the future already surround us. I have no idea what all this means, but apparently it provides an easy excuse to gather the dwarf dwarves and the dinosaurs educated together on the screen. I deliberately say good-mannered dinosaurs, because at one point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before threatening its targets. The crazy plot revolves around a family of weirdos who live in their house of solar energy in the middle of nowhere. The grandfather is extremely annoying, the granddaughter is even more, the grandmother is a traveling and talking poster for plastic surgery, the younger son is strangely like Prince Valiant and the young mother is ... incredibly hot! For some reason, Chris Mitchum also wanders aimlessly through film sets like mom's husband on business trips. The special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the other critic who spoke about "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the most genius aspect is the dialogue! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what this is, no? This is a distortion of spacetime! <br /> <br /> Stevie:" No I'm sure I know what that means, dad. "<br /> <br /> Grandpa:" Well, I guess nobody really knows. "<br /> <br /> Decide, Grandpa! Do you know what it is? And stop talking about "The Vortex" as if you were some kind of expert in the field! "The Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childish fantasy that is not worth bothering. full that some of his fans appreciate the film because they saw it at an early age and were fascinated by the extravagant effects.The end comes out of nowhere, as they suddenly ran out of money or as the effects of the mushrooms they were eating were They exhausted unexpectedly.
