I must say that I was disappointed with this movie. I've never been a big fan of BNL, his songs seem childish and obsessively nostalgic (this is me in grade 9, if I had a million dollars, a box of shoes from life, etc.). However, I have seen clips of his program live and I really like the improvisation and the ridiculous nature of the program. I was hoping that this movie would highlight this, which is, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because its music is well interpreted but somehow mild and not so convincing (there is a bass solo in the middle that was completely useless and boring, despite how much Jim Creegan was digging himself). The film does not do it and shows only a few minutes (and you know they have had better times, like in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan, he's the man in charge, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really great"). <br /> <br /> BNL is something like when I went to Europe a few years ago and I heard that "blue" song from Effeil 99 or whatever every 2 minutes, I went back to Canada and a month later. that song was everywhere * again *, I almost killed my arm. BNL is like that, for years I remember many memories of sitting around the campfires in Canada listening to people play "If I had a million dollars". BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of its humor has a particular Canadian inclination (the Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is essentially Canadian) spent a few years where they passed. in the dark and I was grateful. Then, suddenly, they become huge in the States, and everyone down there thinks they're a new band (yes, they're new, but they're all in their 30s!) While the rest of Canada leaves. "Oh Wow, I thought those guys retired years ago, do I have to listen to 'millions of dollars' again? "<br /> <br /> The concert images are not bad, but I would have liked to have seen more of their stage Routine, the shots are not so good, and things like the clips from your big free show in Boston are glazed too fast. The interviews are surprisingly boring for such a fun group, I think they are all old and they have families, houses and things and they have calmed down a bit. There are times when they enter the type of Spinal Tap material, where they emit an inexpressive satire, then they break into laughter and laugh, which ruins it. Interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (Type of music) are extremely pretentious and involuntarily approach the territory of Tap. <br /> <br /> This film does not document much, I mean Basically, it's just one show and at the beginning of the movie, they're huge and they have a massive touring environment, it's not like we see them coming out of the darkness and "surprise" are popular, it is an event methodically planned, so in the end, it is quite inert, a kind of half live concert, half documentary and not much of either. <br /> <br />
