Man, I really can not believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had anything to do with this disaster. After having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this program will not be on my list of must-sees. There are simply many things that work against you. <br /> <br /> None of the chosen actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin as the main character of Sookie, is simply horrible. I remember her improving in many other things that I've seen her, so maybe it's just writing. She is not very fun to watch either, there are times when, to be honest, she looks downright ugly. The actor who plays Bill is a little better, if only because his character is supposed to be wooden and distant. The other actors do the best they can, but with clichéd characters with difficult-to-interpret accents, they are given a difficult job. Tara is an absolute misery, Rutina Wesley absolutely murders the accent. It's like bad nails on a blackboard. Almost so horrible is Nelsan Ellis, it is difficult to understand what he is saying sometimes. Both his character and Tara also seem a bit racist. I do not know, having a character that says "why" on an HBO show that is not The Wire seems a bit strange. Rounding out the cast so far are Sookie's bored grandmother, his brother addicted to sex and the only cast of genius I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be meandering. destination at this point, without really worrying about keeping the viewer interested. The subject of romance is very dark Shadow-sy. Although this shows the camp factor of something like those old episodes of Dark Shadows times around ten. Sometimes it seemed so corny that I just had to assume it was meant to be. But unlike a program like Buffy, which was masterfully retired, this program does not. Out of place with the club is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show. I am not averse to any of these when they are well done, as they have done in many other HBO shows, but here, at least, the rough-sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse seem a bit exaggerated and useless. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can really say about this mess is that I liked the sequence of the opening title. HBO has had a rough patch with their shows lately, I hope they cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
