This program had many exaggerations, but I did not know it until the middle season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that if I was going to see it, I would wait until the end of the season to see it in bulk. Due to the format of the show, I am happy to have waited. I imagine it would have been quite annoying that almost all the episodes ended up in the middle of a cliff hanger, then I'll have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> Somehow, this The show has managed to release too much sex. Jason will have sex with almost anything that moves. Right after he discovers that they killed a woman he had sex with, he sleeps with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam agree, although each of them knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets upset when she later finds out about that, even though she's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the program is that it does not do a good job of making you care about the characters. I really did not care about Jason at all. Along with his endless search for history, he was rude to people who were really worried about him. After a few episodes, I would not have minded being killed in some way. For that reason, most of the time I was not interested in the murders until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more involved with Jason). <br /> <br /> Then, once Sookie and Bill have sex, The story gets some more subplots. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, then the exorcist lady tries to convince Tara that she should have one to eliminate her own demon. I did not mind the whole exorcism issue so much, since I know there are some people who really believe in those things. However, they lose little time in showing that it is a farce right after Tara spends around $ 1300 in exorcisms for her and her mother. At other points, some of the developments happen too fast. Jason is still an idiot, trying to sell his grandmother's things to buy vampire blood, which apparently is the new crack or something like that. In his search he finds this girl who will make V (vampire blood) with him. They drug themselves, and within three days they fall in love and kidnap a vampire by a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire court. It's only been two days before Sookie starts to feel abandoned and begins to wonder if she thinks "vampire politics" is more important than her. <br /> <br /> Subtlety is not the strongest suit of this show. It does not take a genius to discover that something is happening with the local dog. Although my guess was not right, it was not a big surprise. But the final two episodes were the ones that really got annoying, since they just pushed all the developments in your face as if you could not solve the problem by yourself. When Tara gets into the car accident, the face of the naked lady with the pig is clearly shown, and was easily recognizable when she appears in jail for the ransom. As if that was not enough, then they return to show the lady with the pig at home. Then it's time to conclude the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Renee is not who she claims to be and most likely is the killer. In the final episode, they push Renee as the killer in your face. Sookie comments that it is strange that Renee's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought that was fine, since it adds that Renee is a fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has Maudette's tape with the vampire and her girlfriend finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes about how to fake a Cajun accent. At this point it was ridiculous. I mean, we got it !!! So, blah, blah, blah, things happen. Bill almost killed himself by not being able to save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They begin to configure season 2 leaving pending issues. The naked pig lady and Sam have a story, Lafayette has disappeared and could have been killed. Jason is in the process of being brainwashed like a religious madman by some anti-vampire church, which makes me worry less about him. <br /> <br /> It is almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this program. . I think I expected this show to be better. I'm interested in seeing what happens in Season 2, but if I see it, I'll probably wait until the season ends.
