There are two types of characters in THE SHIELD: people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who relentlessly pursue their own self-interest and commit all the deadly sins they can while telling themselves and everyone else that they are Heroes, and the only hope of all. More than any other program, THE SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-deception. Unfortunately, the hypocrites and the self-deceivers are the heroes of the shows, and as such have the unlikely immunity of the heroes of the typical fictional genres to be defeated or trapped, and come to the head again and again, making fools leave all your companions. . <br /> <br /> The show has an excellent camera work. The entrances and exits of exit are always excellent. It really is a work of art to see. Unfortunately, history is a scenario full of desires, exaggerated, gratuitous violence, rape and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero, who drags everyone with him in a failed scheme after a failed scheme, is like a war warrior. cartoon character, who always escapes and mocks all Elmer fans (anyone who does not support him in his lies and crimes), automatically attracts any beautiful woman who supports his character to come to the program, always surviving to any attempt to bring it to justice, and ALWAYS scrape your ears with its unbearable justifications. If another police detects something wrong with something they are doing, and someone is hurt by their actions, they always blame the suspect policeman, regardless of the fact that their plans and elaborate lies and condemned plans are always the cause. Every time. <br /> <br /> Like 24, this program is based on gadgets and innumerable delays to extend its history season after season. Each season they inject boring and incredible long-term stories to provide a skeleton on which to hang the bloody and perverted pieces of meat that are corrupt acts of the characters and the inevitable cover-ups. <br /> <br /> However, what is most disappointing is the arrogance of the writers when they try to change the sympathies of the spectators from one place to another, forming and distancing the characters by whims. Sometimes, they want us to see Shane as the enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor misunderstood soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous sex dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor man with a heart of gold. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a vile Jezebel. Then they think that if they show her sitting and talking about her dreams with Shane, we will find her sympathetic and tragic. <br /> <br /> None of these manipulations is adequate to obtain the kind of sympathy they desire. . Once they have shown that these characters ruin other people's lives for their own purposes, that is all. It is foolish to keep trying to turn back and forth. But it is also silly to produce seven seasons of these clowns that attract all the super models that exist in their beds and run a crime syndicate from the police station, right under the noses of everyone.
