Located in South Africa, a young black man tries to get a role in a "gangsta" movie. But without having knowledge of life on the street, he is told to find out what life really is or that he will not get the paper. He manages to make his way in a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chances of appearing in the decline of the film when he commits crimes to be accepted. But to the leader of the gang, the growing disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his. <br /> <br /> While this may sound relatively interesting, it is nothing. The first half is incredibly meandering and tedious, while the "hijacking" only takes place towards the end with some very poorly executed low-speed car chases. In those "chases", only two police cars are used, which are the Nissan Sunny cars of the early 1990s. Not only would it be quite cheap to pick them up (and I find it quite difficult to believe that they would use such old cars in South Africa in the year 2000), but, as I recall, there are only 2 involved and none of them gets a scratch once. Car chases are poorly shot, with distant camera angles and poorly synchronized and with minimal traffic on the roads, and are completed in about 2 minutes at most, since it is assumed that a very small child is really a qualified driver It can easily evade the police even though the handling is pedestrian and absolutely unsatisfactory. This now brings me to the characters and the acting, which are equally bad. The mentioned child who drives the car, is approximately 13 years old and, supposedly, is extremely capable of losing the incredibly inept police. All others are equally unconvincing, so much so that they even seem boring at times. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the film, the leader of the gang asks our main character ("Sox Moraka") to steal a car from a parking lot. While he has problems opening it, the police arrive and ask him what he is doing and he replies that he says it is his car. After a brief discussion, they try to arrest him and then he stops the police at gunpoint and jumps into his car. After entering, the police return the fire and, in turn, is wounded. After another sequence of pathetic persecution, they decide to leave the car and turn it on to destroy any evidence. What follows is one of the most ridiculously horrible and horribly horrible special effects I've seen in my life. When the car "explodes", superimposed flames suddenly appear in each window with horrible sound effects that do not even arrive in time. It is so badly done and it is so false that it is difficult to even express it with words, and you really have to see it to believe it. If you see it in slow motion, it looks even more fun. I have seen better effects than this in the documentaries of reconstruction of murders. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth a lot at all, and that seriously could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would love to know how big was the budget for this movie. It feels so cheap that I am surprised that it was done outside of South Africa, and even more I am surprised that it has been released on DVD. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big budget Hollywood production. I know he's destined to represent gangs in impoverished townships in South Africa that steal cars from the middle class and sell the parts on the black market, but with the ridiculous effects, poorly executed car chases, horrible acting and ridiculous characters, any sense of Reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> In general, I do not advise you to see this. If you want to laugh and see one of the worst problems and low budget of a movie that has never been created, then I would recommend it for that, and only that. <br /> <br /> It's a miserable, badly done, poorly edited, bad rhythm and tedious piece of low budget nonsense that fails in every respect. I have seen many South African films, which include many NuImage / Nu-World action images, and, despite their cheesiness, they are much better than this in all respects.
