***** WARNING, MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS THAT WILL BE MORE ENTERTAINED THAN THIS TRIP. *****> <br /> Here are some good tips for anyone living in the UK. As long as Channel 5 has an old 80's comedy late at night, read a book instead. I am currently in the process of recovering from an attack, due to reading some of the comments about this movie here. In fact, I am surprised by the fact that someone said that this movie was realistic. All I can say is that, thank God, the Cold War never intensified or, otherwise, we could have given the Commie our borders ... This movie seemed serious to me with the maximum pretension, maybe it's just my British perception of what makes a movie fun. , who knows? But in all respects, this movie is not just horrible, its teeth are terribly annoying. <br /> <br /> I've never been a fan of Bill Murray, and it's a piece of junk like this that justifies my feelings for him. Do not get me wrong, I loved Ghostbuster's, which was made only three years after this movie. But this simply sums up Bill Murray really. I can safely say that I have not wasted my time as brazenly as this since I saw the first time Operation Delta Force was executed here, although these two films have more in common than you think. On the one hand, both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end, and second. Both are plagued with clichés with cheese, in everything. <br /> <br /> Here's one thing, these guys are supposed to be in the "United States Army." However, they are allowed to wallow around their camp, Willy does not, seducing female military police officers and, later, killing them silly in the general neighborhoods. Talk about Random! This movie is just terrible for this, I'm afraid. Now do not get me wrong, I'm not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women really fall in love with the two characters shortly after arresting them, leaving them free ... Twice, it's an insult to the female race. The fact that a fat and sharp-tongued wanderer (Winger) and his unfortunate buddy Ramis can simply get into the MP's underwear, to which they fall madly in love with the two, is nothing short of ridiculous. <Br /> <br /> Then there are the training scenes, where you can meet the "Phycho" of the squad that, in an unconvincing way, threatens to kill anyone who touches him or his things, followed by the type overweight (played by the late and great John Candy) who says he joined the military to "avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes." What led Murray to shout loudly paying tribute to the "giant toe" (WTF?) 'Drill Seargent' who honestly could not arrange a pi $ $ in a brewery, let alone in his recruiting band. Everything this scene serves is a prelude to lots of fight scenes, with people saying "Way to go!" all the time, etc. etc. <br /> <br /> The scenes continue to show the rag tag group making their own tits in the Assault Course, which leads to a scene in which one of them is thrown into the air at a certain speed. birds with an assault rifle, splashing a watchtower with bullets. (Just like that, Yes, I told you that this movie was random ... It also escapes miraculously undisciplined ...) Finally, leading the parade of fainting, where the hapless squadron makes a magic turn in the space of two hours. . (It annoyed me, miracle!) Thanks to some wise words of Murray, which then lead a dance routine massively without military in front of a 'General' geriatric against the rest of the squadrons. All this for the immense pleasure of his two brides on the stand, who really should have arrested them ... Although everyone laughs. However, this bit is not surprising. He then chooses them to protect a new multi-billion dollar prototype armored vehicle in Italy (which turns out to be just a mobile home painted green with a lot of equipment inside), and states that "this is exactly what this army needs!" righto ... <br /> <br /> Then there is the terrible ending, where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this prototype of top secret military vehicle to pick up their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive MP brides in Germany. To which the Homeless Captain (John Larroquette) learns and directs the squad of recruits in a recovery mission for this vehicle. To which they then take a "wrong turn" en route and end up in the Soviet Republic Held Czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (As we did not see what was coming ...) So begins a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray + Birds in hand, which comes a great fight, a lot of shots from the hip and blowing tanks. With them returning as national heroes, humiliating the Russians by calling them "pussies", etc. etc. End. It's fine. There are no courts martial, nothing. They just stole a prototype military vehicle, drove it to a Warsaw Pact country and almost caused an international incident that could have triggered WW3! <br /> <br /> This movie is, frankly, more fun than being diagnosed with a terminal illness. I know it's meant to be a comedy, it has all the right actors for it, but where the hell is it? Does Channel 5 cut those bits? The only redeeming characteristic of this film is the repetitive use of nude women who shower and women of mud fight. (As I said, Random) It's not that it helps to deviate from the fact that it's an absolutely horrible movie, of course. This film should be realistic for immature children of 9 years, unfortunately, we have to see it instead. 1 star of 10 - Total casing. My advice, do something a little more useful with your time. How to castrate yourself ...
