I just saw "yes?" I can remember the ads for the 1968 movie, so I was finally interested in seeing it. It may be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and loses some of the social references, but I thought the movie was horrible. On the one hand, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire film to break out the revolt that was launched so much at the time. On the other hand, whether the last scene is real or imagined, what happens is not a revolt, but a shooting. There is a big difference. <br /> <br /> I know it can be a bad way to judge a movie at later events, but you can not help but do it here. One person wrote a message on the message board that asked us not to compare the end of the movie with the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a spark of difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho, on the one hand, and Travis (Malcolm McDowell), on the other, I just can not see it. All four were under the illusion that their shots would purify a world in which they would arrogantly assume no responsibility. <br /> <br /> Which brings me to: why the heck are Travis and his companions? Even in a school they despise so much? They are adults, or they are close to him. They are not in a military prison, like the inmates of "The Hill", a much better British movie than almost at the same time. No one forces them to go to college and get beatings from whips, except perhaps to ambitious parents who need an awakening about the nature of their children. I had the opportunity in college to join a fraternity, except that I could not bear to receive silly and cruel orders from the criminals who claim to be my possible "brothers". I took the consequences of not having the "in" with the Establishment provided by the Fraternal, and I can not say that I regretted it. <br /> <br /> If Travis considers himself the second coming of Lenin (whose image without hoops hangs prominently in his room) he is free to go out and organize a workers' union or work for Michael Foot in the next election . If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, go to the highway and start writing. What possible benefit is he giving the world on a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes critics have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris", where Brando complains about having to go on a date with cow dung in his shoes . In the real world, the person said, a listener would say "Why did not you take it off? Do you change your shoes?" Do not let the fictional characters make you a journey of self-pity because you do not dare to point them to an alternative course of common sense action. So it is here.
