If ... is the cinematographic equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's: Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and seen as a bit of business by previous and subsequent generations. Now that middle-class kids from all over the world are seemingly superhuman because of the Internet, and see the prospect of a boarding school as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the Harry Potter books / movies, the relevance of it ... could not 'Be further away from modern concern. In fact, many scenes seem so strange and exaggerated as to suggest an inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should never have personal prejudices against a movie while reviewing it, and the specific date of this film aside, there are some flaws that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, and in general was too smart for his own good. And in spite of a direct narration through the first and second acts, the last part of the piece was taken hostage by the Buñuel cod surrealism and the tense attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not capable of this feat due to his too intelligent cynicism, not seeing that Buñuel was jovial in his work. I have not found a critic who defends the 'chaplain in a drawer', and I'm pretty sure that those who love this movie are still on their side. The end is not so much a concise blow to the established value system / class, as a wet slap in a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was firmly for the middle classes (the upper crust is home-schooled by private tutors). And the modus operandi of yes ... was to mark the boxes of public school life that Lindsay believed had been unexplored in the film, thus saving the pretension of the middle class. Homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold showers et al. In fact, such subjects HAVE been covered in many other great British films, if ... simply put them in the foreground. The Browning version was a more oblique curse of such pomp, to name just one. <br /> <br /> yes ... it's strangely picturesque, and it just can not be seen with modern eyes (especially Americans). Congratulations to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favor of the African song, and some brownie points for latent homoerotic nuances. Points deducted for pretension, establishing characters that disappear and inciting a simplistic revolution that did not help at all.
