Ah, the spirit of '68. The streets of Paris were full of rebellion, the hippies were on top of the spirit of love. How did Britain mark this era of radicalism and revolution? Erm, it seems, dear Old Blighty was focusing on making films about children in boarding schools. Yes ... it contains the bad establishment. It contains the uprising of the oppressed. What he lacks in contrast to the Parisian passion and the head hippy is any sense of emotion, except in his extensive end of ammunition and artillery fire. <br /> <br /> Yes ... the stars of Lindsay Anderson have always Marvel Malcolm McDowell as one of the three students of private schools that decorate his bedroom with photos of Lenin and other left radicals. Clearly, it is a film against the establishment in its representation of the evil oiks of the upper class who govern the refuge and the antiquated autocratic practices of the pish-posh public school norm. What makes If ... unusual is that, despite all its radical sympathies, it does not explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, but simply floats: it lacks plot and lacks personality. <br /> <br /> The surreal bits appear and disappear from time to time and the film goes from black and white to color again (is it due to the low budget or is it an artistic expression?), but there is little interest for talk. All we get is the poignant outcome where the rebellious young men reach for their rifles and bring down the dark lords of the establishment. Hurrah! A revolution! Finally, something that requires a second reflection, unlike the rest of this boring exercise in a boarding school that dreams daydream. <br /> <br /> Yes ... it could have been a powerful political statement, but as it stands, it deviates and only picks up a direct sense of interest at the end. Instead of being a testimony of the dissident zeitgeist of the late sixties, it only manages to be a stunned document of British upper class education. Anarchy? More like apathy, the only man that many spectators will want to follow after seeing Yes ... it will be Lindsay Anderson.
