The system of the British Public Schools did not evolve solely with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes despite that popular and widespread concept. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, public and military officials to direct the British colonies. These people were recruited almost completely. of the middle classes. When the Public Schools began to show their worth, they were sent the ideas of the aristocracy instead of being educated at home by tutors and governesses, as had been the case previously. They tended to favor the nearest "City" schools, so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with that class of parents. The vast majority of Public Schools removed their students from the lowest social scale. Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous student in the Public Schools, was the son of a parish priest, not a tight-lipped earl. Thus, in the late 1960s, England, a country in the midst of postcolonial guilt and getting rid of the last of its commitments to its former dependents as soon as Harold Wilson could part with his "Gannex" mac, the "Yes" Lindsay Anderson was greeted with a cathartic joy at the lectures and the light amusement of everyone else. It must be remembered that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the "October Revolution", an event that left some policemen in London with bruised heads and the US Embassy with one or two broken windows, but who achieved absolutely nothing. So when Anderson's film hit theaters, the revolutionary malcontents indulged indirectly with what they saw as Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorous "They" despite the fact that he was mercilessly shot dead in the end, a destiny that without a doubt it would have surpassed. if they had succeeded in their attempts to enter the United States embassy. The film did not tell us anything new about Public Schools, homosexuality, intimidating cold showers, sarcastic patricians, absurd traditions. An overly familiar list. It was declared an allegory that compares Britain to the corrupt and crumbling society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has been forgotten for a long time, except for those involved, on one side or the other, and Mr. Anderson has completed his "State of the Country Trilogy without any effect." If, by any chance, you want to read a book about school children who made the system work more successfully than Mr. McDowell and his friends and also lived to tell, find a copy from "Stalky & Co." written by the man whose very impolite poem "If" lent his name to the movie of Mr. Anderson, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is being expelled from our literary history. And do it before the classes of charlatans manage to declare it as not. "Person." Maybe someone should start a revolution about it.
