There is a really good scene in Faat Kine. The title character gets into an argument with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine sprays her in the face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, strange and quite funny at the same time. In that case, writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to encourage, an interesting movie character that could be worth watching for two hours. In the scene, he introduces a brave woman who is bold in her actions. For the rest of the film, the only thing that seems to present are the conflicting tones. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It is true that not all films have to fit clearly within a specific genre, but I do not think that Faat Kine fits in any genre. Supposedly, it is a drama, although there are moments of such ample comedy (the aforementioned fumigation on the face) that can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the large number of serious issues that Sembene has put into the image. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find that balance. Instead, one scene after another simply go into each other without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours with an extremely long finish. The film ends with a big party in which all the conflicts of the characters are solved, only they do not resolve quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene and lasts approximately twenty minutes. Because the rest of the scenes up to this point have been meandering, the ending is particularly difficult to bear with a repetition from the beginning in the scene, which generates a frustrating viewing experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too hard on Faat Kine. I'm not the right audience for it. I did not feel anything towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story. There are people who probably find something significant in the story and see strong characters. However, I could not do it and, therefore, I can not recommend it.
