Shlock's merchant, Leo Fulci, takes a change of pace by making a film of fantasy and sorcery of poor quality and barely coherent instead of his usual trashy, barely coherent horror. <br /> <br /> A weak type of Orlando Bloom called Ilias, from a society that vaguely resembles ancient Greece travels across the ocean to the territory of the caverns in a vaguely defined quest to fight evil, where joins an animal-loving hunter to fight The Werewolf and the mutant henchmen of a topless vampire sorceress. Madness occurs. The sorceress is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for her. She sends several henchmen, each one weirder than the last, after our heroes who triumph in the end, strike a blow for the oppressed men of the caverns everywhere. This movie contains a constant flow of WTF? Elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire film is recorded with a soft focus and the image is further blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. This may have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or to hide how everything looks fake. Either way, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is one of scandalous and a slight bewilderment and you can not hide how unpleasant everything looks. The werewolf's henchmen resemble the poor men of werewolves. For some reason, the director fell in love with the shots of them jumping through the air in slow motion, in the style of Six Million Dollar Man, towards our heroes when they attack. There are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it's getting more ridiculous every time. The other minions of the topless witch, apart from the generic humans dressed in leather, are lumpy white mutants that seem to be covered in cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and unthreatening, and when they speak, they sound like homosexual Hispanics, who listen to the Daleks. The fights are forced and unconvincing and the special effects are pitiful. Ah, yes, the music is cheap synthesizer material that the creators of Doctor Who would have been ashamed to have used. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is insipid and forgettable. He also looks completely bad, especially with his leather outfit and big hair that reveals the abdomen, and he's clearly a jerk. Sure, it's a dynamite shot with his magic bow, but he only carries around three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight the entire continent of evil. It goes without saying that he runs out of arrows in a few minutes and has to be saved by the magic hero and the more traditional sword, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he establishes himself as the lonely taciturn guy, saying that he has no friends, but that you can hardly say latent homoerotic subtext, they are close friends, who join the misty hills. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in exchange for favors related to the bow. Ilias asks him where he is going. "Where my legs take me," is his response. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and an outrageous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love and affinity with animals, citing the usual things about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be so bad. He says he would never hunt or kill an animal to feed, but would steal meat from other people who had hunted animals. Nor is it above randomly killing innocent bystanders without a good reason. Not long after they meet, he is testing the bow of Ilias and the film cuts a random caveman, takes care of his own affairs, walks and Mace shoots him to death. There is no indication that this poor soul has done anything to deserve this, and even Ilias, who supposedly comes from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The villain of the movies is quite unusual. For the whole movie is completely naked, except for a thong and a golden mask that covers his entire head. It's as if Fulci had included her to make movies a T & A quotient, but decided that she was a bit too expensive at the last minute. She spends a lot of time apparently pleased by her pet's snakes and dreaming of being shot by a faceless man who wears the dress and who is dressed like Ilias. Wow, what symbolism! Later, in the film, she shudders when she can not beat Ilias and Mace and agrees to become the sexual slave of an ancient warrior if he kills them for her. Hardly the most fearsome villain in the world and it is not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he is the spider-web creature of our heroes and pretends to be Mace in a situation where there is no one but Mace to cheat. Was it really worth changing your respect for yourself, Ocron? <br /> <br /> Are there any other WTF? Moments Most of them come towards the end of the movie. Ilias complains, I forget why, possibly his permanent hairstyle was stirred, but he realizes the error of his ways and returns to help Mace to fight against the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, your bow can suddenly shoot multiple targets in search of energy beams. The bolts can also shoot through solid rock when necessary. Needless to say, his work cuts short the work of the hordes of bad guys who have captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also quite absurd. The mace decimates the remaining Ocron forces using the directed laser attack capability of the arcs. He can then shoot Ocron from a kilometer away using his ability to shoot through the rock. She begins to die. His mask is torn from revealing a horrible head of Muppet. She wobbles around him screaming and turns into a dog and walks away with another dog. Maza smiles. Roll credits. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, these strange low-budget sorcery and sorcery movies are reasonably lucid and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how meaningless and meaningless these films can be.
