Despite being released on DVD by Blue Underground about five years ago, I have never found this Italian "sword and sorcery" article on Italian nightly television and, now that I've seen it for myself, I know exactly why. Not due to the director's typical predilection for extreme gore (of which there are some examples, by the way) or for the fact that the handful of women in it topless parade all the time (after all, it is set in the Middle Ages). It is, quite simply, very poor. In fact, I would dare to say that it may be the worst of its kind I have seen and, believe me, I have seen many things (especially in recent years, that is, after my 2004 trip). Venice Film Festival)! When I read about how it is believed that the failure of the film at the time of the initial release led to the subsequent (and unfortunate) career of its director in a low-budget craze, I can see his point: he may prefer the period " giallo "from Fulci (1968-77) to his most popular horror (1979-82), but even in the latter, his commitment was indisputably indisputable. On the other hand, does CONQUEST not seem to have inspired Fulci in the least? See how he decided to cover the process with perpetually annoying haze, sprinkle it with incongruous characters (cannibals against werewolves, someone?), irrelevant gore (invite us to a free and unpleasant cannibal dinner just before witnessing the revelers who eat meat) With their brains crushed by their hairy antagonists!) And even a very unappetizing intimacy between the masked and brain-absorbing villain (do not ask) and her slim reptilian pet! For what it's worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young boy with a magic bow in an odyssey that affirms virility (Andrea Occhipinti) and his tireless muscular partner (Jorge Rivero, that is, Frenchy by Howard Hawks » RIO LOBO [1970]!) Who, despite being called Mace (shortened by Maciste, perhaps?), Seems to be there simply to visit his cave woman from time to time and get his youngest protege (particularly during an unpleasant attack of the 'boils'). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of this low-intensity material falls short here, as former Goblin Claudio Simonetti's electronic score sometimes seems very inappropriate. Fulci even manages to give the film a hastily laughing coda with the surviving fleshy hero going aimlessly into the desert (after defeating everyone with the help of the all-important magic bow, so much for his supposed physical strength!) On his next ?? and fortunately not filed? adventure!
