'Nobody knows anyone' is a thriller of conspiracy theory about a satanist / crazy bomber that goes to the religious festivities of Seville during Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the hero of the movie. The plot is configured by the bomber as a computer game, with him and the hero as players, and Seville as the virtual environment. The very real alleys and streets of the city begin to acquire the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman-type games. Looked at in this way, the scene in which the hero and his female companion are chased by penitents in black hoods with lightning rifles may not seem as silly as it is played. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we are aware that the narrative is being constructed as a game; The work of the hero is to create crosswords for a popular newspaper. At one point, the grid of crosswords on his screen becomes the chess board on which he later plays against his girlfriend's father. The clues are scattered generously, since the camera approaches in a mystifying way the images that were later shown to be significant (for example, the announcement in the bar). The elements of persecution of the detective / paper become part of a game in progress, instead of an investigation after the fact. The film is based largely on the narrative pattern of 'Se7en', and anyone with a Catholic education will supposedly get the meaning of certain events that happen on certain days before EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading, The game is at the level of the narrative, with the hero fighting against an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself, that subverts the first. There is another set of clues that point not to the intentions of the murderer, but to the filmmaker and his hero. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer named Navokov and a cult leader named Sarin. If we remember that Nabokov's pseudonym of 1930, chess lover, was Sirin, we see another game in progress, one in which we suspect not of the villain, but of the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In a novel by Nabokov as 'Pale Fire', an author's figure creates a text that is designed to hide its own motives, causing a game between the writer and the reader to discover the real text. Throughout the film, there are scenes that are visually distorted (for example, the image that contracts) or dreams and hallucinations defined in an ambiguous way that make us suspect the hero's point of view. The first references to the games are all linked to it. In the first sequences, there is a lot of talk about the sexual and creative impotence of the character, so the film could be his attempt to dominate his life, to be a winner, in a way that he can not really. As soon as he has won the game, his writer's blockade disappears; The words he writes are the title of the film, suggesting he is the general author. In addition, that title in Spanish is reflected in a negative way, a very Nabokovian involution that suggests a hero, like Kinbote, caught in his own solecism. <br /> <br /> This jumble of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al. also refers to Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a map and a text, and as a cultural history that pursues the present), Bunuellian's anti-clericalism and the "shock" films of Alex de la Iglesia result in a film that is just that, a jumble, every allusive and intelligent element that nullifies the last, dissipating the interest.The lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible, and eventually use it. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of such an overdetermined artifice, The main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as a record of a narrative that takes place in a real city with its own events that take place independently.An ambiguous blur of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece like 'Sans Soleil' or 'London', but, e Ultimately, you should have a light touch to match your intelligence.
