Within the scope of the Science Fiction, two subjects in particular aroused a constant interest, they were initially explored in the literature of a pre-cinematographic era, and since then they have been reviewed periodically by filmmakers and writers, with varying degrees of success. The first theme, that of time travel, has been an unshakeable fascination for film fans, as well as the written word, most recently on the screen with another version of H.G. Wells, 'The Time Machine'. The second theme, which also manages to keep the public in suspense, is that of invisibility, which ignites the imagination with its seemingly endless and innumerable possibilities. And this theme, too, has once again become the basis of a film adapted from another HG Wells classic, 'The Invisible Man', whose performance, here, is 'Hollow Man', directed by Paul Verhoeven, and starring Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. <br /> <br /> Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been conducting experiments for the US government. UU., Exploring the possibility and viability of invisibility, which, finally, they have achieved in a number of the primates on which they have tested their method. In fact, they have progressed to the point of ensuring the effectiveness of invisibility; his only problem now is to bring the subject back to the state of being original "visual". However, it is a problem that Caine, after diligent effort and too many hours in the laboratory, solved it, or so he thinks. And when the application of his theory on a live issue is successful, he decides to present the results to the board of directors, in an effort to maintain the necessary funds for the continuation of the project. <br /> <br /> However, at the last minute, Caine complains, fearing that they will take control of the project before they can move on to the next level: the test of a human subject. And he is responsible for becoming that subject, ensuring the assistance of his research team by telling them that the board of directors has given them the approval to do so. But something goes wrong, and Caine is trapped in his invisibility cloak; and while he and his team struggle to find the solution to their considerable dilemma before it is too late, everything begins to take its toll on Caine's mind. And suddenly, your fear of losing funding and control becomes inconsequential, as you face the imminent danger of losing much more than that. Now there is a very real possibility that he loses everything ... Including himself. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven has created what is initially an exciting, even provocative, movie; It establishes a good rhythm and uses the F / X at its disposal with great effect, although it tends to allow striking images to surpass the development of the character. Anyone who is familiar with 'The invisible man', or indeed anyone who can logically follow the progression of history, will know from the beginning that Caine is not destined for happier times. Still, Verhoeven has a storytelling style that will definitely grab attention and attract his audience. But he seems to be willing to run towards the climax, and on the way he abandons each and every one of the nuances that have made his film so successful, opting to enter a final sequence that is nothing but blood and blood without meaning . Fest that betrays its audience and everything for which it has worked previously in the film. Instead of seeking intelligent resolution for Caine's suffering, and using some inventiveness and imagination to bring the film to its inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven takes the difficult road, and although he can succeed on a purely visceral level, any meaning that is It can be derived from history dissolves like so many ashes in the wind, along with anything that would have made this a memorable movie. And it's a shame, because Verhoeven has it on a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and he allows it to unnecessarily fall to a much lower one. <br /> <br /> Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a character that is credible, if only on the surface, that apparently serves Verhoeven's purposes perfectly. Bacon's performance is shallow, but it has more to do with his director's agenda than with his own acting skills. Verhoeven simply does not give Bacon the time to develop Caine in any way; the character is primarily a ship around which Verhoeven can build his story, and to that end, it works. However, the film would have been better served if Verhoeven and Bacon had collaborated more closely on at least the development of a link between Caine and the audience that would have caused some emotional involvement on the part of the viewers, something that would have attracted them a little, instead of leaving them at the door, so to speak, as mere observers of an extravagance loaded with F / X. <br /> <br /> Elisabeth Shue behaves well in the role of Linda McKay, Caine's willing accomplice in the evil predestined experiment, but it's basically an ungrateful part that offers a small challenge, especially for an actor of Shue's caliber. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 movie, "Things Behind the Sun"). His character, Sarah Kennedy, does little more than support the action and F / X. Both actors are capable of much more, and deserve better than what they are given to work here. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). Entertaining to some extent, and even successful at some level (bass), 'Hollow Man' is one of those movies that leaves you contemplating what could have been. Like an annual fireworks show, it will give you some momentary emotions, but after a while it will begin to mix with all the others you've seen, with nothing special to distinguish it. And it's a shame, given the talent and skills of those involved here, it could have been much more. I rate this 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
