Vampires vs. Zombies begins with the news that the unidentified disease that is spreading in the United States leaves the victim with homicidal and cannibal tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio while driving by the isolated Roads to try and escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy who, I suppose, is destined to be a zombie. A little further down the road he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) who are waving to the side of the road, at this point there is also a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) Sitting in the back of Julia's car, bound and gagged. For me, this situation seems strange, but Travis, like the soldier he is, takes everything calmly and agrees to "take" Carmilla out of Julia's hands and, well, I really do not know. So, with a complete stranger, Travis leaves leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmilla looks like a good girl, but she turns out to be a vampire and likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, and she's partial to a bit of lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel while a guy who calls himself The General (Peter Ruginis) who seems to be a kind of vampire killer and probably has something to do with all this, but the movie is a disaster that really does not It matters and I really do not know how to carry out this outline of the plot, since my head hurts just thinking about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-published, co-executive produced, written and directed by the supreme without talent Vince D'Amato Vampires vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror movies and, therefore, one of the worst movies of the time. D'Amato's script apparently was based on a classic story entitled 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and it's an absolute disaster, the holes in the plot and the logic are so big that you could go through a tank to through them! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia for her? Who the hell is the general? What do you want? Where are Travis and Jenna going? How can Travis run over a man and yet not have the slightest human emotion about him? What happens with the mental room at the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences to further annoy the viewer. There are so many things that are wrong with this movie, the narrative does not make any blind sense, the concept is terrible and it is never adequately explained, besides it is incredibly boring. I have nothing positive to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget about vampires fighting zombies because it just does not happen, tell me again why is this movie called Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has served one of the most incompetent, garbage, ill-done, ill-conceived and extremely painful visualization experiences ever made. Vampires vs. Zombies really do not have redeeming qualities at all, there is not a single aspect I can praise. The gore looks really fake, there are some blood symbols that look like red water, some very cheap stakes effects and a half decent climax where the zombies feast on Carmilla and Jenna's intestines, this pretty bloody scene is probably the best part of the whole. miserable movie, but it only lasts a couple of minutes and in no way compensates the other 85 embarrassed. <br /> <br /> The Vampire vs. Vampire Budget The zombies must have been small, in fact, they even had a budget because most of them are on a road in a couple of cars. This is one of the most badly made horror movies I've had the misfortune to watch, all this just sucks. The acting is predictably horrible, and I mean terrible. <br /> <br /> There's not much more to say, Vampires vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst movies ever made. The (V) next to the title on the IMDb home page for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that he went straight to the video, well, that's too good for this pile of garbage, since it deserves to go directly to the nearest fire.
