First of all, I must stress how weird it is to take the time to comment on a movie I've seen, it takes a very special case to take my time and write about how I felt about a movie. That said, of the hundreds of movies I've seen, I've seen some of the brightest, Shawshank, the most terrifying, The Woman in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs. Zombies <br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not fun. For those who are looking for a happy movie that is fun or at least as bad as fun, look elsewhere. It is true that a film like this is not about being subtle and bright, with a title like this, you should know what you're getting into. That said, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any and all rules that govern the world of movie making. This is not an argument between the process of creating traditional films and the newest and most "artistic" methods to create a film, it is an argument between bad directors and companies responsible for making terrible films. <br /> <br /> This film suffers from excessive use that says "I do not know where to start". In truth, everything about this movie is broken. From acting to editing, there is no reason for any film to stop offering a series of cohesive events like Vampires vs. Zombies Some of the following problems are: 1. The scene fails, it is clear that the director, the camera crew and the actors were not on the same page. In a particular scene, the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground facing the passenger side of a car. You expect the person inside to leave, but there is one, and this is NOT an exaggeration, 10 seconds, at least, the delay between the camera turns on and the director says "action" to where something happens on the screen. The spectator stares at the door of a car all the time without sound, without movement, only the stereotyped "dead air" that the radio or television commentators fear. Where was the edition? 2. Act: a forgivable offense in most cases, you can not expect a movie like this to have Oscar winners, after all, but Vampires vs. Zombies takes the bad performance to another level. These "actors" could hardly read their scripts, obviously, because anyone with any ability to read and speak would have been able to pronounce the lines better than these fools. My only comparison to act would have to be the initial scene of Resident Evil in Playstation. But that performance was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- History- Wait, what? History? Again, you can not expect this to be the best story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have some resemblance to a narrative? Why the vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good guys? Why all lesbians? But most importantly, what is the deal with the zombies? If you have seen this movie, then you will understand what I mean, but for those who have not, there are no zombies in this movie, apart from about five minutes. It was almost as if the director forgot the name of the film and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation at the end. <br /> <br /> There is much more, but I hope I have done enough. to prevent someone from watching this movie
