Although it is not really such a terrible movie (especially considering that it was made directly for TV distribution), it will be very difficult to point out an aspect in "Bloodsuckers" that is really original or refreshing. Vampires in space are not exactly a new formula, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular environment, no one seems to realize that it is an incredibly stupid premise that can not result in a horror movie half decent "Bloodsucker" even goes a step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable film that revolves around vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and the characters are stolen mainly directly from the "Ghosts of Mars" by John Carpenter and the "Aliens" by James Cameron, as a group of futuristic vampire hunters cross the space and are regularly maintained to eliminate a mutated species It is named for notorious horror icons. , like the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. The good ones are a lot of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with topic problems and incessantly discussing terribly unimportant matters. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie, who will really have to demonstrate his leadership ability now, after being more or less responsible for the death of Captain Churchill earlier (and much loved). The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy style and a happy male pilot, a tough warrior with more balls than any of the males on board (she is of Asian descent, as the girl in "Aliens" was Latina) and the most outstanding from army. Valuable secret weapon: a Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and mortal vampire who chose the side of humans. She can detect enemies when they are still light years away and can also do perversely sexy things with someone's wet dreams. Eventually, everyone learns to work as a team when they are forced to confront the last vampire: Michael Ironside (in another more degrading role). "Bloodsuckers" is an irremediably stupid film, but it manages to entertain as long as it presents bloodshed, child dialogues and OTT makeup effects. It only becomes intolerably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and blah blah blah. This film is an uninterrupted series of clichés and uncreative ideas, but at least it is visible.
