Man has been in the farthest reaches of the earth and is now traveling to new worlds. But with the new worlds come the ancient evils ... the vampires of space. And not just a handful but entire tribes. In this film (which I saw as "Bloodsucker", but also as "Vampire Wars"), we see what happens when the imperialist earthlings meet the imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review very brief Because it does not deserve a good review. The best I can say about this movie is that it has a good cast of b-list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and she was much more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco, and he's always a fan favorite (as I say, it's poor Jack Nicholson). And we even have Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife", whom fans of horror will now recognize as the nicknamed Jenifer of Dario Argento's "Jenifer". So this movie, as bad as it is, does not have any names attached ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of the military tracking and killing vampires in space. It's not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of "cheese" and this movie falls hard. The performance, especially of the vampires, is exaggerated and I simply did not find the explanations of their existence very convincing. The worst of all is that the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that this was supposed to be an intelligent reference for horror fans, but it was not at all intelligent. It just sounded silly and out of place (as opposed to much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither," such as name stores after lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (on this day I could not and I'm from Wisconsin) and you want to see the average actors in poor costumes fighting against vampires in space (although the "space" looks a lot like any other forest on earth ) Take a look at this, if you can find it. Personally I do not recommend this when you can see other movies of corny vampires ("Vampires" by Jon Carpenter) or other corny space movies. Or maybe even some good ones. But, hey, do your thing.
