I saw it a couple of nights ago, I did not expect too much and, as expected, it did not offer anything too exciting. The plot created by a team of vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire sanitation), going in their spaceship periodically killing space vampires and rescuing people, is quite successful and if the film had been handled better, it could have been something pretty good ace. Unfortunately, after a pretty decent opening, the sense of real quality begins to slip away from the movie, leaving something behind that, although without being able to see it, it's pretty ridiculous. I do not expect anything too special from these films that appear on the Science Fiction Channel and at least this was not one of its creature characteristics with a dreadful CGI beast, but it was still pretty bad, mainly due to the writing and acting, but with an excellent contribution to the general badness of horrible music. When the film chose only a typical science fiction with strange sounds, it approached the soundtrack and it went well, but too often the soft rock was introduced into nonsense. I would have tolerated the most cheesy interpretation and writing in general, if it were not for the choice of music, it was a serious miscalculation, turning things corny to comic. Of the performance, Dominic Zamprogna was fine but was insipid as the nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was quite annoying when the tough girl from the vampire team and Aaron Pearl played another member that was not well written or interesting enough to leave an impression Even though she did not seem so good in the action, Natassia Malte did well to have a less irritating character than the others, and the fact that she is really nice to see. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside and he is underutilized even though he does it very well, quite funny in a way that one suspected was intentional. He seems to have fun and earn his salary and his role is entertaining. The effects are fine in general, they are at least one of the standards of the average sci-fi TV show, and there are also some scenes of blood spatter and also some gore blood. Things are going very well, and I almost feel that this movie is very hard, but then I remember bursting into laughter at regular intervals and realizing that unless the movie is an intentional comedy, which I do not think it is, I just do not make. I'm not successful It's too boring, silly, unconvincing, it's an acceptable effort, I suppose, but it did not appeal to me. Just try it if you really like the Sci Fi garbage or the unintentional giggles.
