Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types that track and fight vampires in space is one with some potential in the most corny realm of things. Even the idea that the universe is filled with different races of vampires, all with different attributes, many of which the characters have not yet discovered, is also great. As to how most of the life in the galaxy outside the earth is a vampire, I'm not sure how the creators made this work, given the nature of the vampires. Who the hell are they meant to feed on if almost everyone is a vampire? I do not know. As it stands, the film is presented with a combination of low budget Firefly / Serenity and vampire movies with a touch of Aliens. <br /> <br /> The action parts of the movie are quite normal and derived (particularly from Serenity) but passable. - They are reasonably well executed and there is enough blood for a vampire movie, including some of the comical variety that gushes blood. There are many character things, most of which are tedious, and come from conflicts between characters that mostly look like huge bugs, assholes, primarily cowboys and Asian women. There are some scenes of characters that really work and the actors do not interpret it so badly, but mostly they slow things down. A good attempt to get the characters out, but people do not see a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The acting is really good. Michael Ironside makes it fun and it's as fun to watch as always and at least a couple of women are hot. The SFX space is not so bad for what is clearly a low budget job. The story is, again, quite average and derived, but as I said, the created world has a bit of potential. The way in which things are configured Bloodsuckers really seems to be the pilot of a television series: character dynamics are introduced, the world is presented but not explored, etc. <br /> <br /> The movie has some highlights and moments of head scratching. - the kind of things that really make these dubious productions visible. -The scene in which our heroes interrogate a creature that speaks like a puppet of a chest hunter. Hilarious - The "sex scene". WTF in fact. -The credit "And Michael Ironside as Muco." However, the most annoying aspect of all this is pop music really horrible and, usually, inappropriate, they have very strong in half the scenes of the film. It is painful to listen and only detracts from what is, in the best of cases, an average. <br /> <br /> Basically, a good watch is that you fancy something corny, even if it's just for the "bravo" scene.
