Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as the blind Lilly, the script of the film is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), who went blind after a car accident, is fleeing for himself and his fate. Lilly, who sees nothing since her birth, is a teacher of blind people and wants her to "see" again. (Blind people are seeing with their fingers, nose and ears). Here this movie is becoming a roadmovie; and the more the path is made, the more their relationship develops, which was predictable from the beginning of the movie. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and makes artistic installations. Of course, what should she do! - and she is still living, because she is waiting for her son, to die. OMG! These are the destinations! <br /> <br /> The son finally arrived! Mom is celebrating a great party! On the beach. The wind blows and a pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they are celebrating their farewell. The son arrives just in time. The mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a pretty nurse. Now, a great artist can die in the arms of his great son, son, speaking sad contemplations about living in perfect German, while the son responds with a harsh accent. Because the son can not see, he is not falling in love with the nurse, the script of the movie would have been too complicated! - but he's looking for Lilly on the way home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this roadmovie, Lilly's sister, staying at home is asking a disheveled schoolmate to deflower her, who first has to drink alcohol to cheer her up. The occasion is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is traveling together with Lilly's lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They are behind Lilly, to bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mother are not falling in love, because the script of the movie would have been too complicated. The script of the film forgot to make Paul something exceptional too. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they will want to convince her, go back to Paul, because he has two eyes to see and is able to take care of her. But Lilly fell in love with her student, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German film art! As you can see in this pretentious production, the German film subsidy fund does not always produce good films, because they subsidize this kind of pseudo intellectual films. This movie is really shameful. I have the impression that the script of the film has been improvised among the best cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute an idea. Probably also Til Schweiger has contributed with a bit of intellectual intelligence, being a co-producer. This script of the film reminded me of another German film of absolute pain: "Barfuss". The spelling of the title is no longer good! The cover of the DVD "Barfuss" proudly writes: "A Til Schweiger Film". This film also received grants from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and the FFA. <br /> <br /> Do not waste your time with this movie! There are very good movies in Germany. Beware of film directors such as Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
