I picked up this Cuban movie at an auteur film club. It was shown shortly after the masterful caricature Silly Symphony of 1935 where the Island of the Symphony is reconciled with the Island of Jazz. With the deceased Rubén González through the speakers of this ancient ballroom and a Cuban flag hanging from the motifs of the stucco rock, the scene was prepared for an exciting celebration of committed filmmakers and synchronized whistles before the idiots of Helms- Burton. But then the movie started. And the peeling paint of the cinema gradually became more interesting than the disorder on the screen. <br /> <br /> Nada Mas's story promises a lot. Carla is a boring envelope printer in a Cuban post office. His only way of escaping from a completely boring existence is to steal letters and rewrite them, transforming the basic interpersonal grunts into outbursts of Brontëan breathless emotion. It indicates numerous shots of photogenic Cubans full of joy, grief, pity, terror and things like that. <br /> <br /> The problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is marred by endless excursions to the artiness of the film school, the Latin caricature. The Marx brothers slap and even, during a particularly disappointing editing trick, the scraping of celluloid of a disfigurement of a student in the face of a character. <br /> <br /> The one-dimensional characters abound. Cunda, the head of the post office, is a dominatrix-nosferatu without humor. His accomplice of eyes of the boss, Concha, points with his fingers in different ways, the eavesdropping and the screams. Cesar, the head of metal and romantic interest, reveals hidden writing talent when Carla leaves for Miami. A chase scene (in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward) is launched in good measure. All this would be fine in a comic strip by Mortadello and Filemon, but in a black and white film with zero effects with intellectual pretensions, ahem. <br /> <br /> Nada Mas tries to place the style astride somewhere between the 'extravagant heroines, strangers of Amelie and the theme of' poetry as a great redeemer 'of Il Postino. Like Amelie, her protagonist is an eccentric white maiden who fights against the imminent domination of the sun trying to bring magic to the lives of strangers. And like Il Postino, the film does not flinch with sustained recitals of poetry and a postman on a bicycle takes romantic leadership. Unfortunately, Nada Mas can not capture the exuberance and transcendence of any of the films. <br /> <br /> There are two things that could merit seeing this movie in a late-night television stupor. The first is Carla's first shot on a tile floor, which cuts the crossword puzzle she is working on. The second is to see Nada Mas as an example of caution: our subsequent obsession with Buena Vista Social Club with the Cuban artistic production often makes us blink so that we accept any scum that has a bongo in the soundtrack. This film should not have deserved a global release, films like Waiting List and Guantanamera cover a similar thematic territory with much more success.
