The Invisible Man is a fantastic film from 1933, a cutting-edge film for the time when objects seemed to rest on a man who was truly invisible. Go ahead, take a look at the film, you'll be surprised that it was made in 1933, it was the first special effects film. In the year 2000, computer-assisted special effects look like child's play, the public is not driven by special effects, instead, they feel disappointed if they are not done correctly. The special effects in Hollow Man, the HG Wells story update, are fine, but it's not the biggest problem with this movie directed by Paul Verhoeven, whom you may remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist who ventures into the world of bio-invisibility (yes, I know that is not a word) but, of course, is fighting against top executives who threaten to take the funds from the team. So, as the characters in the film who are about to cut their funding are likely to do so, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the process of invisibility (yes, I know, I used that word of new). The process has serious consequences, no Caine does not die, but becomes a horny and violent creature, also known as a boy. Now that he's invisible, Caine stalks a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, ex-girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who took the funds. Then something funny happens, Caine becomes a new supernatural being, "What will not die". Laughing at all natural things, Caine faces death and spits in his face, since it takes hours for this creature to die, dragging the end of the film. The movie is silly, stupid and, finally, you can laugh at the way realism is used, sometimes not. There are good possibilities in Hollow Man, but, of course, none is explored. For a more interesting vision of an invisible being, get ready for a good old-fashioned black and white film, and visit the Invisible Man of 1933. Kevin Bacon will remain invisible when you return, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
