Ghost Town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives down an isolated desert road, her car suddenly breaks and she hears the hooves of approaching horses ... Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called to investigate the disappearance of Kate after her The father reports that he has disappeared. He finds her broken and goes in search of her, unfortunately his car also breaks down and he has to walk. Langley ends up in a ruined abandoned ghost town, to his surprise, Langley soon discovers that it is literally a ghost town, as it is populated by the ghosts of its former residents and is led by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who has kidnapped to Kate for reasons that have never been explained and Langley has to rescue her and put an end to the curse of the cities ... <br /> <br /> Richard Governor's only leadership effort in this strange movie did not do much for A Me and I did not like it very much. The script by Duke Sandefur tries to mix the genres of horror and western that do not have any great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no more western western hybrid movies? Well, I do not either, but if you asked me that question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it's not very good. The two genres just do not mix so well. There are a lot of clichés, on the western side of things there are innocent people who are afraid of facing a gang of thugs who are terrorizing them, the shootings on the main street, lounge bars with swinging doors and prostitutes upstairs. And as for the horror, there are a lot of cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses and some violent deaths. I was very disappointed by that, I guess there's nothing terribly wrong with that, other than that it's just boring and the two genres do not feel so good together. There are also some holes in the plot, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know he looked like his previous girlfriend, but how did he know that and what he was going to do with her anyway? We also do not know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, I mean, what keeps them there and what made them come back as ghosts? Then there's the final part where Devlin, after being shot, says he can not be killed by Langley alone to kill him a few seconds later. I mean, why did not the bullets work in the first place? <br /> <br /> The Governor Director is fine, there is a nice atmosphere of horror movie with some well-lit spider web games and the standard western Hollywood city is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings on Both Sides. I would not say it is scary because it is not, nor is there much tension and the film creeps in some places despite having only about 80 minutes long. Forget about any bleeding, there are some bloody bullet wounds, and after the fact it shot two people with their throats cut and someone is impaled with a metal stick and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have imagined the budget was quite small here, it is reasonably well done and it is competent if nothing else. Credit where the credit is due to the suits and period games are quite good actually. The performance is fine, but nobody is going to win any prize. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure who it is meant to appeal to and it certainly did not appeal to me. . Anyone looking for a western will be upset with the elements of horror, while those looking for a horror movie will be bored with the elements of the western. It's a bit different, but that does not mean it's good, it's worth seeing if you're desperate, but do not be discouraged to see it.
