I had a recent experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the recommendation engine of the NetFlix computer suggested that I watch this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told him how much I liked Michael Haneke's, Benny's video. I do not know about you, but this parallel drawing caused a whirlwind of excitement and excitement about Thomas C. Dunn's film and made the allocation of my time practically impossible to refuse. Just for me, this type of NetFlix computer intelligence recommendation had the aesthetic / moral bar of the film at such a high level that, on reflection, represented something quite incomplete in all the films produced in 2007. <br /> <br /> Having preceded my response to the film in that way, I will proceed to tear down this image as poorly executed and banal; and I really hate to do that because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also one of his most ignored and underrated film talents in the United States. I'm more than moderately worried that the poor man will miss the ship's fame if he keeps playing with directors of first-time movies like this one. <br /> <br /> The Perfect Witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, around the age of thirty, still lives with Mom ("Are not you going to drink again, now?"), but he is a "filmmaker" "Or, at least, some kind of street voyeur with a pension for possible Johns shooting in the sordid alleys of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. Out there, doing his private investigative exercises, Micky "unwittingly" recorded a brutal murder in an unfortunate twenty-something year with his handheld camcorder. Micky approaches the notion that tobacco and movies as a cultural currency can be equated with his ticket to leave the urban white ghetto (and not the debts of his friends and involuntary family members who put the money for his atrocious films). the assailant, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also has a writing credit) or "Mac the Knife" (whatever) and blackmails the killer to make a documentary about his murder impulses, holding this video found about the attacker with threats from the police. <br /> <br /> The problem with this film is not that there are no interesting ideas because they do exist. While both the writing and the direction are amateur, that alone does not make a movie is bad. Is that these guys make a pretty poor assumption that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which almost anyone in the free world with access to a private computer can log on to the web and grasp the veracity of The action of a decapitation on your little Mac or PC. No film is based solely on the value of the shock (unless, of course, ironically, it is a film about torture in animals) and, therefore, the cinematographic images of violence (real or false) have less and less capital cultural with each passing year. In addition, we have this amazing actor-talent at the front, all with a modern and real style: his two-inch beard and skull cap with the small count down, like the high school jerk he craved after the Potential services of my main love interest: the same guy who now calls himself "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I'm an artist", "I'm a filmmaker". Good. Please do it, continue with that trick, Cronnie. It seems that I bought you a lot of 35mm expensive shares. And on, you can use all the improvements of a "creative", but do not expect us to respond, we follow your character below the average in your two-hour movie while defeating Wes Bentley's career. Why do not we let history explain the merits of what you do, filmmaker? My guess is that the story will finally have to say something about that, it probably is not as good as you think. And yes, most likely he blames his beloved ole ma, end up like our man Micky in The Perfect Witness; hooked in a slap and covered with the blood of your friend with a video camera in your hand Great.
