Another day stuck inside, another movie to watch. After having completed my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy afternoon, I had nowhere to go to escape "The land that time forgot". Or, better said, he had nothing more to do. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, that bastion of outstanding actors, leads a handful of Allied sailors sunk by a submarine somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. Capturing the U-Boat (in a scene that defies logic and the reason), finally they are in a strange island, apparently without being touched by human hands. Together, they explore the earth and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the land that Time forgot? <br /> <br /> Despite having been made a few years before "Star Wars", these films are light years apart in terms of special effects. The model shots are little better than anything you expect to see in an episode of "Stingray" by Gerry Anderson and the creatures are not much better either. When the T-Rex (I guess that's what it was) was killed, it fell the same way the zombies do when you kill them: frozen in the middle of the walk and collapsed, arms and legs extended like a sleeping cow has been pushed. Of course, the sets are not that bad, but the bad performance and the endless explosion noises (which all sound the same) do everything possible to ruin the credibility and enjoyment of the image as a whole. The characters are not credible or worthy of your compassion, as they shoot their weapons at everything that moves. In the end, I did not care if they left the island or not, and when the end came, I felt more relieved than entertained. <br /> <br /> The costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive and it's about bearskin bikinis and loin fabrics all year round. And although it was quite obvious from his actions, you would not have known that some characters were German because of their accents. All this lacked a bit of enamel and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in places and bewildered in others. In general, this movie barely registers a wave of excitement these days, although you can find some fun in trying to figure out where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in the credits and almost expected a baby with an Irish accent and suspected facial hair to appear. Oh good. Here there is nothing particularly good to see, but it is fine if you are having lunch and the weather is preventing more activity.
