I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited since I am a big fan of Punk Rock, horror movies and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew it was low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a great band, very underestimated, The Horrorpops, reforming their song, Where They Wander, and quickly murdered in various gruesome ways. It is a great opening. But the problem is the fact that, until the end, this was really all that the movie was. A live performance, a death. Another live performance, One death. It gets old And there is an overuse (literally) of the intestines in the scenes of death. Why does not the killer use other parts of the body, such as the legs, eyeballs or the brain? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some parts that are awesome. Like the French hardcore band, known simply as BERET, the perspective of a band called Atticus, the scene containing a performance of members of The Used and Simple Plan playing together, since none of the bands had enough members to play their show, and Bowling For The guitarist of Soup's Overweight-and-proud-of-it is murdered in a truly hilarious way, which I will save for the future viewers of this film. But the big problem I have with this movie is the comic at the beginning, but after a while, a terrible lack of acting talent in many of the "actors". Especially the creator of Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman. He tries hard, but I suspect he did not want to make the film, but he was forced by contract or something. On top of that, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The resolution plot of the movie is very nebulous and very random. Something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. In short, this film has many good qualities, but not enough to be close to a decent movie of Horror, Music or Comedy. Although I have to admit that I became a few bands I would never have heard, otherwise. Like Tsunami Bomb and The Phenomonauts (a crazy Psychobilly band). I recommend that you rent this movie, that you watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, that you see the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, keep watching. If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock. Long live punk rock and horror!
