Yesterday was Earth Day (April 22, 2009) in the USA. UU And other countries, and I went to see the full version of the movie "Earth" by DisneyNature. I suppose, like automakers, Disney is trying to convince us that they care about the planet. Maybe they really care about the planet, I do not know, but I do not think it justifies a special unit with the word "nature" in it. I know my youngest daughter loves Mickey Mouse, and who am I to tell a one-year-old my personal feelings about Disney? <br /> <br /> Apart from the incredible cinematography, it was a typical Disney disappointment to me. Preceded by half a dozen Disney movie trailers, full of Disney cliché ("circle of life", "fall with style"), dramatic music, recycled material (Disney says "40% new material"). I was even beginning to think that the James Earl Jones narrative is getting a little boring. I like James Earl Jones, but his work for Disney and Morgan Freeman doing each Warner Brothers narrative begins to run out. I really think that Disney bought some pictures of the nature of the BBC that were done in a spectacular way, they felt that it would sell only if they hit orchestral music and recognizable sound fragments. <br /> <br /> And what is Disney's obsession with showing predators chasing and killing baby animals? There were a half dozen of those scenes, complete with young people babbling about to have their throats ripped out. I think Disney needs to recognize that animals have a rich and interesting life outside the struggles of life and death that attract teenagers oriented to the action movies that were dragged into this movie by their parents. I also realized how Disney did not go so far as to imply that man had something to do with climate change. Are you so scared of the small minority of deniers who believe that it is still a controversial issue? <br /> <br /> I recommend skipping this one and renting the Blue Planet DVDs on Netflix. The films of nature seem to be better done by the British at this time.
