This movie can be labeled as a case study. It is not just the fact that it denotes an unhealthy and non-artistic lust for anything that can be called caco images. The author lives with the impression that his disgusting revolt against some generic and infantile social ills ("Moldova is the poorest region of Europe", "I do not believe one iota in the bird flu", "the Romanian people steal because they are poor Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude, but he is very far from the goal! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to pass for a fair person, you also need a minimum of professionalism, talent and intelligence to transpose this position into an artistic product. Fortunately, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much insight as a family video with Uncle Gogu getting drunk and getting drunk in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, randomly grouping several medium subjects, in an illiterate attempt to suggest some kind of history. The direction is pathetically dilettante: the so-called "director" can not build at least a mediocre staging, his takes are annoying and any sensation of narration shines through total absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stop at this level, it would be ridiculous to mention concepts such as "cinematographic language", "means of expression" or "style"). The performance is positive at the level of "Cântarea României" ("Chant from Romania"), with the exception of ... paradoxically, the soccer goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a genuine freshness, but is compromised by amateur instructions given by Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious side of this offensive for decent cinema is the fact that the production received considerable funding from the national budget, through CNC. (National Council of Cinematography). The fact that old and dead dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for the government's udder is understandable (in a market-driven economy, it would be eliminated instantaneously by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that wastes the country's money in such ridiculously non-artistic, non-cinematographic and non-cultural belongs to the criminal field.
