Instead of moving linearly from beginning to end, this story of a gay couple affected by AIDS "orbits" around the "perfect day". The film is organized as a life remembered in asynchronous fragments instead of in a sequential flow as directly experienced. <br /> <br /> The narrative has its lyrical moments, particularly when describing the impact of anticipated or experienced loss. The dialogue unfortunately lacks so much grace. The script often forces actors to say surprisingly stupid or insensitive things that seem completely out of place at this time. In their second accidental encounter, clearly hurt one with the other, the sensitive Phillip encourages a reluctant boy to tell him about his difficult week. But the moment Guy starts to open up, Phillip, a greater Englishman, lets out "You're not a crisis fairy, are you?" Later, seeing the naked and chiseled body of his lover crossing the bedroom towards him, our young Shakespeare in love begins to show the beauty of the moment in words: "The way you go through space ... I can not even describe it" - -but he lacks the verbal skills to complete his thought. This kind of nonsense continues through the scenes of AIDS Hospice, adorned with lines like: "What made me think that death would be clean and tied with ribbons?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a lack of subtlety. The unpleasant characters are much more discordant and flattering than they need to be. Phillip's thoroughly annoying friends, an arrogant brat of trust funds and a whining and needy asshole, keep a caustic tirade going on about everyone who crosses his path. Such a pattern could offer a writer a lot of opportunities for intelligent social commentary, but unfortunately, his comments are simply unpleasant, without grace for wit or perception. It is difficult to know if our screenwriter intentionally created intellectually limited characters or if he was simply executing the perimeter of his string. <br /> <br /> The plot may be what most attracts and resonates with those who praise this movie. It seriously explores the gay life of the middle class of the 1980s: first encounters, courtship, coupling, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. Leaders Phelan and Spirtas give good interpretations to represent complex characters over time. Their appealing appearance helps explain both the chemistry that held them together through insensitivity and selfishness and the chemistry that helped some viewers overlook the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to split the arc of the plot into tidbits and present them in flashbacks out of sequence added complexity without any evident dramatic utility, and in several cases it left the sequence and, therefore, the implications of a given event are unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend the movie? To fans of literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For quiet viewers who have a serious need for an AIDS survivor catharsis or who are in the mood for a guilty pleasure tearful squeeze with a little sweet eye, maybe. But the best-written alternatives that explore the impact of AIDS on the relationships of that era include: Philadelphia, And the band played, Companion for a long time, Angels in America, An early frost, Farewell looks, Love! Value! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
