Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, several years are granted for this title) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer's Omen, Payment in Blood, etc.). Women in prison produced by the legendary brothers Shaw. . Yes, even they got sick in this way with low exploitation, and Bamboo is definitely among the worst attempts of the whole genre, even compared to the Western attempts that usually pale in comparison to the Eastern movies! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women are abused, mistreated and raped by the bad Japanese (what else?) during World War II. The girls also know a secret place where a box full of gold is hidden and they also learn that a Chinese military officer raised in Japan (the veteran of Shaw Lo Lieh) is now an undercover agent among the other Japanese and, of course, helps to the girls to escape from hell. What follows are sequences full of gratuitous nudity, female kung fu, some unpleasant tortures, gore, sordidness and an extremely offensive anti-Japan attitude that make this film pure and honest trash that does not even try to be more than it is. <Br /> <br /> There are hardly any interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls. Occasional photography, especially at the end, looks good with its rays of sunlight and its beautiful nature, but that's all in the merit department. The fight scenes are plentiful and always include half-naked females hitting and kicking each other. Violence in general is quite unpleasant at times with several bullet wounds, scenes of misogynist torture (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the ground full of broken glass, etc.) and an extremely repulsive ending and a moral behind it . Of course, it is stupid to talk about "moral" when writing about this type of film, but there are still elements that I will not accept that are found in any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also has something nice. Safe turkey items! For example, the gold box, filled with heavy gold, seems to be light, since the weak and suffering girls do not seem to have any problem lifting and moving it, not to mention throwing it away! Also those numerous "scenes of skin fights" make this smile very attractive to fans of the cinema trash. I have seen the same director, Killer Snakes (1973), who is ten times more worthy of mention as a piece and although he has many live snakes dead, it is also visually more interesting and shows us some unpleasant aspects on the other side of the Great City and society. Also, it is a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls has also suffered some censorship, which is not a surprise, since it is about the subject. The uncut version, (dubbed in a non-English language) released in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, has a duration of 104 PAL minutes, while the printed version dubbed in English released in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece only lasts 84 minutes in PAL. From what I have heard, the cut scenes are not only violence or other graphic things, but also the dialogue and the "development of the plot" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is the trash cinema in its most trashy and definitely something that I would not have liked to see of Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject are much more interesting and remarkable than this rather ridiculous, calculated and worthless piece of cinematographic exploitation. 2/10
