Normally they do not give me hypocrisy, but after seeing more than two decades of Academy Awards, I can honestly say that this year's awards ceremony was the most dishonorable example of bad direction, total cruelty and sheer stupidity I've had. The misfortune of being a witness. I'm not talking about the awards themselves, as usual, there's a lot to discuss about when you count who won, who lost and who was never nominated, but the process is as it always has been and is as fair as it is likely to be. be. What is terribly unfair is the treatment that both the "stars" and the "non-stars" received at the hands of Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing boredom". <br /> <br /> It's bad enough for the last few years, anyone other than Al Pacino has been "eliminated" at 45 seconds regardless of what he said, how he said it and what emotion was behind the affirmation. However, it shows nothing but a total lack of respect to gather the nominees on stage as the cattle without paying them the honor of showing their faces while they read their names, make them silently slip away when they lose, deny them the truth. a walk on the podium, and force them to read their statements with their backs to the audience. All those things were made to the "non-stars," regardless of whether the films would not exist at all without those artists and that most of them only have one chance to confront their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars did not fare much better. It's getting sadder than funny when the winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg for a few extra seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as host, was not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy had expected, nor as fun as he could be. His opening comments were almost (but not so) as offensive as Sean Penn made it look, and his comments during the show were more innocuous than interesting. Of course, it could hardly be blamed when it was clear that a strap was kept as short as any host. In the end, Chris Rock was something he had almost never seen before: a non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were mishandled. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she should have appeared in three of the five songs. Another example of disrespect to an artist was to give the song nominated to Jorge Drexler to Antonio Banderas, although Drexler was present and clearly would not have cared to sing his own song, based on his "speech" winner. <br /> <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the show shorter and faster may have worked to a certain extent, but the result was a lifeless show. We have all complained about too long discourses given by people we do not know, over exaggerated production, about the quality of self-congratulation. But this is your night, not ours. What a celebration should be has become an insult to the people who celebrate. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be ashamed.
