John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 80s. "European vacations" is not one of them. The follow-up to Hughes' first big hit, "Vacation" (1983), is as predictable, as funny and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love the silly but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). <br /> <br /> I greatly enjoyed "Vacation" as well as the third movie, "Christmas Vacation" of 1989, but Griswold's trip to Europe is tasteless and forced. Maybe because this was Hughes' first attempt in a sequel that he did not get it, but it's really amazing how uninspired and devoid of a "European Holiday" story. There is not a complete story: the Griswolds win a game show for being "greedy piglets" and tour Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor of the ball of the ball that is the trademark of the first loses all the effect because he sees it coming, which is the fault of the director Amy Heckerling. The director of "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" sets everything up too predictably. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes taking a cheap shot because he was put in the sequel. "European Vacation" prides itself on insulting Americans (remember the greedy game program of little pigs they won), especially tourists, represented by the Cornball Griswold family. He also gives himself a pat on the back saying implicitly: "Oh, Griswolds, we're always getting into something because our father is an idiot." Then, almost comically, it ends with a tribute to the United States and how grateful the Griswolds are for returning to such a better country. If Hughes was going for satire and he intended to do it in the form of a bad movie, well, maybe I should give him this 8/10 star. <br /> <br /> It's not just the lack of kindness, but "European Vacation" boasts. The two worst actors to play the children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). Both are annoying and unpleasant, with the nasty and noisy Audrey complaining about the boyfriend who has left most of the movie. Hughes even goes so far as to make his comment about missing him to the right when he observes a giant sausage. Very good taste Speaking of which, the breasts appear in two different scenes without a good reason (unless it is to comment on Americans' love of free nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I will give the film one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle, from the Monty Python team, whose cameo in some different points of the film where he recites the lines directly from "Holy Grail" is the more fun part. If Hughes wanted us to find one of the only non-American actors in the movie as the only fun part, then we give him another suggestion for having torn apart Hollywood comedy in the 80s. Still, would it have hurt to do that while Did he entertain?
