I'm a big fan of Pacino's movies. He is one of the actors of this genre, if not the best. However, this movie could have been much better despite having a poor cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed that this was just one of the many stories that could be told about Carlito. All or even some of the questions about your past that we asked about in the original could have been answered. As far as I'm concerned, that's the only way you can make this movie. Instead, we get this prequel that has almost NONE of the original characters, a character that plays a different part of the original (horrible movement) and a totally different love interest for Carlito. Do not even make me start with Puffy. No way can I take that cat seriously as a gangsta after watching him dance in all his artist videos. The moment the uncle opened his mouth, he was waiting for her to start dancing. It made me laugh anyway. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought I was going to give a mediocre performance because of its recent history. He did quite well. It was probably the most "credible" of the entire cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez did his best but does not have the skills at this time in his career to take on this role. Although I appreciated your energy and your efforts. Difficult to follow Pacino. The only way to get an idea of ​​what kind of person Carlito was, is to look at the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene and then a thornless doll in another. He was one of the worst gangstas of his time but you would only see flashes of that in this movie. Maybe this is a regrettable way for Hollywood to try to make a second prequel to capitalize on this failure. I would not be surprised <br /> <br /> In general, in my opinion, this movie was not as good as it could have been. The only reason I gave him a 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples gained a little respect with me. A serious director should have taken this film and, in fact, devoted time to the story and turned it into a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this movie was not taken seriously. They would have been better off doing this in an HBO miniseries and telling the story as the original suggests. At the end of the film, they had the gall to suggest that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO ... that's the part that everyone wants to see! On the other hand, all this is just my opinion. I can not tell you how to lose your money.
