Where can I start? I heard that this movie was coming out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of the original Carlito's Way and when I found out about this, I thought it would be like almost all the other sequels that will come out in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy was wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. I do not say that all the sequels are bad, but that is the problem with Hollywood these days, they make too many sequels and remakes and hurry them. This was not a theatrical premiere, it's a premiere on DVD. Even so, in my opinion, there was no reason to do this. After hearing that this movie was in progress, I later heard that Pacino was not in it. That immediately killed any chance that this movie was good. Why did I watch this movie and some of you may ask? Well I had the opportunity to see it so I did it. I do not only watch movies that I have high expectations, but I had low expectations in this, obviously. I just wanted to see if I would have anything relevant in it. Now, if any of you who read this is a fan of Carlito's Way, you will know that much of the story of the first has to do with going to jail. <br /> <br /> * Very little SPOILER * I will not ruin Anything, because this can make you not want to waste 2 hours watching this garbage. All I'll say is that, at the end of Carlito's Way 2, we do not see Carlito go to jail. Now, I do not know any of you, but I would have thought that a prequel by Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail. I even had some interest in really seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, that's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do a bad job, but he could not have saved this movie if he tried. There are not even all those little things that should be thrown in there that the fans of Carlito's Way would like. You do not see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first, I would have liked to see something like that. What's even worse is that Luis Guzmán is in this movie, but he does not play the same character he plays in the first movie. Big mistake on his part, why choose the same actor for a different character, made the movie worse than it already was. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell, I'm a fan of Carlito's Way, this new direct release to the DVD. It's a misfortune If you're a fan, do not watch this movie with high expectations. Basically, this movie did not do anything for me, and it's definitely a movie that I will not pick up on DVD or see again.
