Well, I just gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I'll never get this piece of garbage back. I heard someone online describe the villains of this movie as "subhuman cannibals", and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like the Descent. INCORRECT! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a solid plot. These villains are totally unreal and no part of their performance is pleasant to watch. This movie is not so controversial, I've seen this level of gore in many movies. This simple movie stinks. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she is really sexy (but who is not), her admirer and her admirer's friend (no, I do not remember their names) go to the forest. Your car breaks down. They are warned to leave by a man named Mark. The blonde gets hysterical without reason and the next morning can not find the friend of the admirer. Admirer impales his foot (screams!). Do not worry, you are much more upset when your car does not start than when your nails are impaled. After a nanosecond of persuasion, the blonde goes to seek help. Events happen that I can not remember. During this and throughout the film, we are shown scenes of grotesque torture without substance, including one that made me vomit. The blonde is going to save the admirer of the house of the cannibals (although the only thing they see eating is the intestines, which logically would be the last option for real cannibals, since they contain real food). The blonde finds the injured admirer and works very hard (without success) to work the tears. Then he laughs when the blonde is in the house and announces that he can "not think about them". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that cannibals are his family. Then there are some shots, they leave the house, the shots continue, then a guy appears at random and says he has been watching them. Before being shot, we are shown a scene inspired by an acid journey of more murders. The blonde or her admirer shoots him because he did not help them. There are more killings, the admirer professes his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does that involve? I do not know, I hope it's not a sequel.
