If you have ever been harassed on the subway by a Christian who says "Jesus is the answer, what is the question?" Then perhaps you should thank God if you have never met a Lacanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical of the Lacanians, would surely exchange the word "Jesus" in that statement with "Lacan / Hegel". <br /> <br /> Zizek's star burns brightly at the moment, no doubt because we generally watch movies and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. So it seems impressive when someone, anyone, appears and says: "Wait, the movies can say something about ourselves". <br /> <br /> The ideas that Zizek exhibits in this film are "true" simply because he says so. . For example, Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are the ego, the superego and the id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo, maybe they are the sinthome ... or are the movies themselves?). This is simply what they are. In Zizek's production, culture is not there to be investigated, but simply as an example of its ideology. People may object that they certainly have something to say, but how different is what the Christian says by attributing everything to the will of God? <br /> <br /> What's wrong with taking examples, from movies or anywhere else, to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they can even serve as a test. However, it is merely meaningless and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and try whatever you want. For Zizek, is Lacan the answer? So he goes and makes an example of it. Everything but everything resembles the teachings of the Master and the culture is there to defend this, to serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's example of the voyeur's fantasy position is taken from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak into a flower shop. But, in the context of the movie, this is not the fantasy position of a voyeur. Stewart has been deliberately targeted there by Novak. This presentation of isolated examples of their context continues throughout Zizek's two-and-a-half-hour film sermons. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene of "the baby wants to f ---" in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. By touching lightly what seems to be the horrific (for the masculine) truth of "female enjoyment", Zizek says that the character of Isabella Rossilini not only demands her degradation but, unconsciously, is in charge of the situation. This is an example of his "enjoyment". Well ... possibly. But, sorry for being prosaic, where is the evidence of this? In the film, she partially suffers her humiliations because Hopper has kidnapped her son. Zizek may object that it is also evident that he enjoys hard sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But this may be due to any number of things. Is not that the point of the so-called feminine "enjoyment"? According to Lacan, the feminine jouissance, unlike phallic jouissance, can not be articulated, it is beyond the phallic capture and the castration of language. If this is correct, then no example can be given. It also means that the whole concept is non-sensitive and completely mystical. It can only be designated by dogmatics as Zizek: "There is a feminine enjoyment for you! Why is this feminine enjoyment? Because I say so." <br /> <br /> What example can be really obtained from these films? Only the psychology of Zizek. Why is he still inserting himself in his favorite movies, even to the point that, when he's on a boat in Botega Bay, he says he also wants f --- Rod Steiger? Is not this the fulfillment of the wishes of someone who spends his life criticizing movies? As the saying goes, Freud would have a field day with The Pervert's Guide to the Cinema, but with Zizek himself, nobody else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that movies show us how we want it can be in the face of it, but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek wishes and very vaguely, as if to be almost useless, how we want the rest of us. Because, as any psychoanalyst knows, the way we want and what we want can not be completely separated, and can not be easily universalized, in any case. Zizek's love of making everything an example of Lacan's answer confirms it: how do we wish? So, that's how I do it. The problem is that, in Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else is rationalized in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and certainly does not like to let the "subject" speak for himself. <br /> <br /> The perverted cinema guide is a summary of Zizek's dogmatism love and is completely philosophical even if it remains. very political (what dogma is not?). Zizek has never questioned exactly what his motives might be when he embarks on an analysis, what he is trying to discover, because the terms of his exploration, and therefore his ethics in doing so, are never in doubt. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely prolific, but all his books and this movie say the same thing. It is a kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory: mass production and any color, as long as it is black. It's perfect for today's highly consumer society: supposedly critical while giving people the same C-ap again and again and pretending it's something different. This is popular because people greatly prefer prefabricated responses to their problems, which capitalism always aims to provide, rather than investigating things with serious consideration. Which is like being brain dead. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizek's solemn commentary, presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity, that music in movies can greatly affect people's sympathies. Did this happen to Zizek after seeing Jaws?
