This film is all ultralight fluff, predictable from start to finish. As a vehicle for Don Knotts, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with the character of Knott there not so incompetent or ignorant. His performance there was subdued, without any of his characteristic bulging eyes, although that may have something to do with replacing most of the movie with a cartoon fish. Knot made a living from playing the nice jerk, like Bob Denver did. Neither of them seemed to really be able to break with other types of roles, assuming they were simply pigeonholed. Probably because of the slowness, the wild look and the high voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked on "Three's Company," was able to transcend his genre, successfully diversifying into dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz," but the closest Knotts was a small role in "Pleasantville." Even Leslie Nielsen fit badly here, uncomfortably none of the dramatic actors as he was at that moment, nor the inexperienced comic actor as he later became "Airplane!" and the "Police Squadron". <br /> <br /> There is also no way that Knotts, 43 years old, can go through a 35-year-old, as his character insisted he was. He was as ridiculously incredible as Tom Hanks at age 38 playing at Forrest Gump University. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly made on a very small budget, much like a television episode shot hastily. It is especially evident in the "outside" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after being fired. It is unlikely that even a preschooler will be deceived by the artificiality of the Mayberry soundstage. <br /> <br /> Even seeing this strictly as a children's movie, it is very disappointing. It is not because it lacks action or special effects, although it does. The pace is too slow, the situations repetitive. How many times can you see Roy get on a bus? A comedy for children should be, at least, sometimes crazy, with dizzying jokes, otherwise you risk boring them (and also any adult in the cinema). Films, including movies for children, have improved a lot in the intermediate decades. Even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written. "The Love Bug" by Disney, for example, at least had some interesting career action.
