I guess I just have to blame for the gigantic disillusionment that is "Entrails of a Virgin." You know you do not expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy title and proudly promoted like this and the first impression is only confirmed further by noting that the film is a production of Japan in the mid-80s. Now, there are many filmmakers demented and sick active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu overcomes them all with his completely depraved and sickly trilogy that revolves around the aggressive sex and sadistic abuse of young girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply presents a hodgepodge of semi-pornographic sex that awakens the UN and really poor effects that would not even please the humblest horror fan of the 80s. The images of a Group of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably interspersed with scenes of a dirty pervert who has rough sex with a seemingly underage girl. He leaves her a minute after the climax (typical) and she begs him to stay, even if he has to share it with other women. I do not understand. Is this supposed to represent a general male fantasy? Because it is really cliche and illicit. Anyway, let's go back to the group of horny photographers and docile models. Surprised by the approaching fog on their way home, the group barricades themselves in an abandoned country house where they have more terrible sexual relationships and, finally, fall victim to a ridiculous sexual demon that kills them all. The acting performances are amateur, the dialogues inane and primitive and the direction of Komizu is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all of that, including the unpleasant portrayal of sex on the part of the woman, but I was very close to turning off the movie during the indescribably petty struggle sequence. One of the males brutally hits, kicks and throws one of the girls and calls her a dirty whore until she literally pees on her panties and cries with agony. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low point of Asian exploitation cinema. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
