Maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the DVD, which is with the director while he says "hello, kids" to the camera like a jester), but he had the expectation that Entrails of a Virgin to Entrails of a Virgin. I know, at least, a bit of sordid fun with some scenes of good sex and brutal and bloody murders by a strange Japanese penetrator. It turns out that he is too weak for his own good or evil, or whatever. There is a problem, and you can see this also in the Italian sexploitation movie Porno Holocaust, similar to this in many ways, in not having balance with sex and violence. Too much sex and it will become a prototypical film, and not even with a lot of production quality compared to most professional porn movies! And with the killing scenes, there has to be at least a small tactic, and maybe just a little ingenuity, in the creation of the creature / murderer / whatever. The entrails of a virgin have neither. It's safe to say that it's a pretty heartless movie, even if it's not one of the worst movies ever made; It is there only for the Japanese horny dog ​​fetishists to go out with troubled girls and men who have their brains in their "others". 'heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, they give us a photography team where the boys take some pictures of some girls, nothing too scandalous, and then, through a dense fog, they stay away in some houses one night and they are eliminated one by one by "An Assassin", as it is credited. First, the director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he must set a share of random sex scenes from the beginning. We splice (or call, select) the clips of one of the photographers who have sex with one or more. of the girls in other places. It seems it is from another movie. Then, once settled in the house, there is a "fight" scene that is badly choreographed and shot (yes, we really need to see it "all" there), and then to rape and murders. First the rape, by the photographers, who promise the girls some jobs for their time. Then, the Assassin, who, like the creature of D'Amato, simply covers himself with mud and is given a stupid facial, and for an unknown reason kills men and / or rapes women one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the latter, taken by themselves, should be considered the highlights of the movie. This is like saying, however, that croûtons are the best part of a salad with bad taste. A scene that catches the attention, a thorn thrown like an Olympic event (that scene, in fact, is something great) and, finally, the drag of the excessively crazy girl by sex, whose inconsequential name I can not remember. Even * this * becomes disappointing simply because it is not correct with the title! In addition to this, the sex scenes, which become tedious through 'Gaira' and their indulgence in shots without long cuts in which everything the Japanese censors do is blurred anyway, are dubbed by the actors ( you would think that they seem to be having enough fun, hence the need to let them 'talk' for themselves). But the general feeling of Entrails of a Virgin is that of one full of bundles, in which he is only there to be gawked and without a hint of suspense or real horror (look at the last girl left alive, the virgin of the image, try to prevent the killer from approaching her, which lasts five minutes while she continues throwing sticks!) You just want it to end, so that the mantra "I hate women" is alleviated or completely unraveled.
