Satan's Little Helper is one of the best B horror movies I've seen. When I say better I mean the story. The film is a new plot, something that is not so cliché in the genre Horror, something new. But there are also some ridiculous questions that come with it. Questions that you will ask throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie caught my attention for the first time when I was browsing the HMV Horror section. I was tired of all the so-called blockbusters in Hollywood and I wanted something different. The cover of Satan's little helper caught my attention immediately. As you can see, the image attracts you, it's chilling! I knew it was a direct DVD release, but I took a chance. I mean, I just saw "Boogey Man" the night before, so it could not be worse! After watching the movie, I was almost satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really creepy how the killer pretended to be the friend of the small children, so that he could kill. Somehow unhealthy, she thought that he and the boy would become companions, a duo of terror. It was a great idea to put the film on Halloween night. This way, nobody would think anything of a masked man next to a small child. They would simply think that he was their guardian. But, this is also where the "plot holes" begin to appear. <br /> <br /> If your child came home with a "friend" he met with trick or treating, that's fine. You would not think anything about it, if he was 9 or about the same age as him! However, if you were to appear with a strange man in a mask, you would be frightened and protect your son. You would ask the man to take off his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your son. He does not know him. Would you say please go away? He is not a friend of the family. He's a stranger. Now, we're supposed to teach our son not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother completely agrees. Eh It seems they never think it's a bit strange that the "man" does not speak at all. Okay, they think he's the daughter's boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking, they take off his mask and ask him why he does not say a word. <br /> <br /> The movie goes downhill from there. What struck me most was that the whole mom said: "Do you want some cider?" I can not count how many times he says it in the movie. It's like, oh, you're dying, although we have cider, everything's fine! The movie started promising, and could not deliver. It was more like a horror comedy, and even then it is not fulfilled. I suppose you could call it "Dud", "Flop", etc. <br /> <br /> The best part of the film is the cover. However, something tells me that it is not worth 12 dollars!
