First I will say that I have given this film 3 out of 10 after thinking about it a bit. I was going to give him a direct 1, but he got a couple of extra points for the body count. But that would be everything. Let me explain. I literally paid £ 1 for this DVD at a supermarket because I tend to have a lot of faith in horror movies, especially in the series movies. But if this movie pointed to state B as I suspect it was for several reasons (which I will mention in a second), then it failed magnificently. Not only did he shoot for B and he missed, he landed somewhere near F. This movie had so many chances to be good and it almost failed in every respect. I say above that this film is likely to point to state B and seems to try and try to mix humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, later, Freddy's movies (Dream Warriors onwards) are all about the style and gesture of Freddy's nose, which works very well! But this movie was completely bombarded in that sense because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly stupid. However, I must admit that towards the beginning of the movie the humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour I liked this movie and was prepared to congratulate myself for another good discovery. BUT what really killed this movie for me was the inappropriate death. For example, when 'Satan' hits the cat on the board and writes 'boo' with his blood using his body like a brush. Or when 'Satan' closes the door to the defenseless disabled old woman. Now I'm generally not too much against the senseless deaths in movies, hey, that's the point, right? But in those two cases, I found it extremely offensive and unnecessary for anything in the plot of the film, especially. For me, the movie went down from there on. An important negative point of this film is that it hated all the characters. The boy, Dougie was ridiculously annoying! I can not explain how he could discard all those bodies and people who were killed in front of his eyes like a trick! Already! I completely understand that to be in a horror movie, a character has to be something stupid, like running upstairs when you should run out of the house blatantly screaming for help, but this child took the cookie! I wanted to kill him myself in the end! It was completely amazing and if I had to hear him say 'Duh!' Once again, I was going to bang my head against a wall, because that's how it felt to see this movie. Why did not I just turn off the movie? Mainly because I honestly believe that an ending can sometimes redeem a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The ending did NOT redeem this movie, it irritated me even more and it was inappropriate for the plot. I already have it! The murderer will always come back dressed as someone else, will be welcomed into the house by the stupid child and will kill again because nobody suspects him with that disguise! I GET IT! This movie physically angered me because I was so stupid! And if by some mistake, you end up watching this movie, be careful with the intestines. Frankly, if that guy really had intestines that looked like that, I'd be surprised if he was not dead, much less until someone pulled them out and tied them to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact I would even dare to say that the only character that I liked in this movie was the killer. Purely because when his "comedy routine" worked, it worked. All in all, the plot of this movie dragged everything that could have been good down. Why did the killer kill? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he really was, that's pretty typical, but without some kind of motive. Hell, I do not know, I'd settle for having a bad Halloween like a child. -It just seems more than meaningless, just stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically registered in IMDb to comment on it. Save your money, save your sanity. Stay away from it!
