This is a horror movie of "anthology". It consists of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Tales and was a personal friend of H.P. Lovecraft, but is most famous for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think much about the film being scary or horrible. It would have been better to do it as a comedy like "Comedy of Terrors". Only the last of the 4 stories was done in a humorous way, and probably the best of them (Ingrid Pitt's). I've seen some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that really paid off was "The Tales of the Crypt" by Freddie Francis. The anthology style works well for the producers, because it means that they can hire a group of "big name" actors, use them for only a week of filming and then bring the next big name. So you essentially pay 6 weeks of film star salary but you get 5 or 6 different names in the marquee. But that is very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt acting together. Instead, they are caught in these vignettes by themselves. So let's take them one by one, briefly. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a really admirable job of trying to give some dignity to his stupid writer role terrified by his own character. . Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic, the source of the horror, Tom Adams, seems ridiculous, which ruins any possible horror. However, there are some fun things if you want to laugh at them, like the scene in which Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It is the patented scene in which the murderer crawls behind the victim but nobody is watching, so the entire audience is supposed to shout "BE CAREFUL OF YOU!" The second story is that of Peter Cushing. God loves that man very much. Too bad that many of his films, like this one, are pretty stupid. In history, he is supposed to be looking for a lost love for a long time, and he sees it as a wax museum. It is a completely predictable story that is not going anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have something with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a little boy who turns out to be a witch. Once again, this bit could have been fun if it had been played to laugh. But instead, we're supposed to be horrified when Lee slaps the boy and is surprised when it turns out to be evil. The actress, Chloe Franks, was quite good in that kind of role of "Bad Seed". <br /> <br /> The last story is quite funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cape that makes him a real vampire. That's all history has to offer. I was surprised how bad Ingrid Pitt's English is, I think it must have been dubbed in some of the other movies I've seen her in. <br /> <br /> It is not a memorable film or one that I would recommend to anyone other than horror completistas.
