The story of the film is pat and picturesque. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover each other. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, this is absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film did not investigate or were incredibly lazy when they filmed it. To begin with, and the most openly incorrect, the Nuristani, as they were known in the 1930s, and since the 1890s and their energetic conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan, were not nomads. In fact, they have not been nomads since the Aryan invasions of central Asia more than three millennia ago. <br /> <br /> Second, the city that was filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, however, the geography of the area around the city could not be more DIFFERENT than the city of Tehran, It is surrounded on all sides by a large mountain range, where views of the cities predominate. <br /> <br /> Third, Persian, despite the fact It is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, it is never heard in the film. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. The 'Persian' guards on the border, in fact, say 'Ma hadha rujal' (This is not a man) and not 'in mist nist' as it would be in Persian. In addition, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. While talking in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Koran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and makes some reference to the key words of the drugs. These words never appear in the Qur'an, since they are Persian for Paradise (in fact, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant cognates among our languages) and "World" respectively, although Jehaan is certainly close to "Jehennan", which is the hell in Arabic. When they meet the nomads in the desert, the language spoken is also Arabic, although there are NO native speakers of Arabic in Iran and Afghanistan and its use is mainly religious, with some use in education in that moment. <Br /> <br /> When they are detained in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they meet are totally different from any Iranian group. Their shops are typically Bedouin with carpets that decorate the walls and a high profile. In Iran it is also extremely rare for people to wear turbans unless they are clerics. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from the initial greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan'. When they arrive in Kabul, the desert in which they are found is sandy, totally different from the rocky land found in the arid areas of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is an absence of light green scrub covering the ground in summer and spring. The area is also not totally consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that earned its name, The Indian Killers, due to its difficult and limited terrain. <br /> <br /> In summary, history is the only thing in this film that contains any water and is still a weak and common place. It has no real appeal, since it is simply the story of two women who try to learn about themselves when they arrive in Nuristan; however, even that is born of a dead child and no real development is felt, leaving the characters at the end right where they were in the beginning and nothing has changed, except that World War II has broken out. In short, this is a really bad movie that would have qualified with a star, except for the good images of the Bedouins and the deserts of the Levant, even if they are badly named.
