The basic premise of "Miami Golem" definitely deserves a place at the top, say, fifty of the most insane movie plots ever written! I know that the top 50 does not sound too impressive, but I've seen many really strange movies with lunatic plots. I prepared myself from something complicated, because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative filmmakers in Italy, but sadly underestimated. De Martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters, as did most Italian directors at that time, but always adds many things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worthwhile, but some of them are extremely underestimated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta," "Holocaust 2000," and "Formula for a Murder." The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements of numerous and excellent science fiction and adventure films (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "ET", ??) but I would not do it exactly. Call it a scam. The only thing that steals unabashedly from another movie is the opening theme of the synthesizer that sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F from "Beverly Hills Cop." The rest of the movie is a fun mix of fantasy, science fiction, action, horror and superhero movie tricks. It certainly does not always make sense (most of the time it does not, really) but "Miami Golem" is without a doubt an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my partner and fascinated me from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to briefly summarize but I will try anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports on the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a starry meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy all of humanity as soon as it grows enough. If this is not problematic enough, the wealthy Mr. Anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing evil fetus because he believes he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens disguised as landowners, Craig Milford has the difficult task of protecting the planet from the malignant fetus. Well, I know that all this sounds grotesque and silly, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a light and easy to digest film. The first half of the film may seem too hectic and confusing, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the plot secret by using fake false clues. There are subliminal ghostly apparitions, supporting characters who behave in an exaggeratedly mysterious way without any real reason and, at some point, there is even speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis. However, all this is misleading filler material, and as soon as the configuration is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" becomes a popcorn action movie of the early 80's with bloody massacres, sequences of Extravagant chases (in the Florida Everglades!), Explosions, free sleaze and unpleasant little fetus monsters in jars. <br /> <br /> Now, I really do not want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost gem and not worthy of Italian exploitation cinema. Make no mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! The events only become bearable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you do not succeed in that, well, this is just a spit of negative aspects without stopping. The acting performances are terribly horrible. In particular, veteran of the series films John Ireland, as the archetypal evil character of James Bond, does not seem the least interested in the script. Because of his grimaces and the way he delivers his lines, you can see that he also believes that all the production is delayed and simply registered in the paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female lust object of all time, and the person who drew the VHS cover, wonderfully chaotic, must have felt exactly the same way, because the dazzling girl on the cover does not appear anywhere of the movie. What a shame this must be for Mrs. Trotter. Even so, their completely gratuitous nudity sequences compensate for this, as it is quite hot from the neck down. And finally, there is an unforgettable scene in which David Warbeck knocks down a helicopter from a school bus in motion with a normal gun! I do not think even John Rambo can do this, while he is a Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple television reporter.
