A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for the James Keller Public Telecommunications Center, has an interview with a German professor at a Florida university, who created an unknown creature based on some meteor substance (s). But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the whole planet with the creature, and his man kill the teacher and his assistants and loot the creature. So Craig and his new psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with the human being but also with the alien friends of the creature, begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien spaceship ... The movie has some great deals and canes. For example, it has the actor, David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, the actress, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the creator of special visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti of the masterpieces of Dario Argento, and the director (and also the narrator). ), Alberto De Martino of THE MAN WITH THE HEAVENLY EYES AND THE MURDERER IS ON THE PHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie, called, nothing more than this MIAMI GOLEM that is essentially a confusingly combined film of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS FROM THE THIRD CLASS with E.T.THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL. And this not-only-confused-but-also-crowded movie has something worthwhile; Genetic engineering with psychic research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical defect; Genetic engineering and psychic research are never compatible. (Interestingly, regarding this strangely infantile combination of genetic engineering and psychic research, the main character, Craig, says there MUST BE A BETTER EXPLANATION for the short-haired psychic, Joanna.But, after all, the whole story of the movie can not and can not present any kind of BETTER EXPLANATION.) Also, this movie has something more ridiculous; Your problematic music What the composer, who is credited as Robert Marry, provides is nothing but the strangely insistent music that BEVERLY-HILLS-COP tested. I do not want to say that this Italian theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP per se is particularly bad music, but I must say that it seems to be clear that music does not have the aptitude for this film in itself. In fact, who can think that BEVERLY HILLS COP has compatibility with genetic engineering and / or psychic research?
