Final score ... who cares - it's a reality show. He has no love for his audience, he pleases lazy viewers, he does not put anything and he does not get anything out. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire", the most blatantly false reality show of all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. It is a decisive moment, not only for Fox, but also for the American public that really looks, talks and talks about this shit the next day. You should be ashamed of yourselves. Why, as much as Fox promotes this garbage, will not he earn money unless people see it (and yes, the final had almost Super Bowl numbers?). Does not it bother you that there are many quality programs written, directed, acted out and that, in general, make an effort in them to be canceled while you sit down and give away this program of games in cold and without effort? <br /> <br /> I used to be an unconditional supporter of Fox. Those of us like me, who we like and look for the quality television that helped build Fox in the days of Married ... with the children and the Simpsons. Conveniently, now none of those shows would do 6 weeks with the current administration. The "reign of terror" of Gail Berman, as it is usually called. The network has waged war on television with a script And, curiously, they are fanatics. The same people who helped build them at the beginning. Now, we not only have to fight for good shows, but we have to fight against their own network. The mind is stunned. Nothing Fox has done in the last 3 years makes sense. To cancel hits like "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox can not raise his pitiful head to give the only decent show this season had another chance?). And the reason why they can do all this: garbage success as "Joe Millionaire". Now you can say "We do not need you TV fans, we have reality shows". Apparently it seems that they have no idea that the big audience of the draw with this garbage is inconstant and will abandon them in the second when the next fad is presented. Moving your base away in this way will eventually kill the network the way it has delayed ABC. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise, in the now classic Fox trick, that promises us something different and avant-garde, but then offers something that is not at all different from "The Bachelor" or anything in the big 3. Fox has become a dominant company. The end and the "turn" (appointment / no appointment) showed that they have no ideas up their sleeve. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, will end up in the same corn ball, fairy tale ending. We could see a group of aspiring actors that the network selected from millions of shots in the head to adapt to their demographic parade like the bimbos of the high school simulating that they liked this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was a competition and that is what you're supposed to do? Marriott himself is like a horribly disfigured man of Chromagnum who struggles to put together the simplest sentences. But how is it possible for women (all of them medium to ugly looking by the way) One major drawback is a guilty pleasure show like this one? Do not fall in love with "Joe" with such lovely lines as "Look, you're not stupid " <Br /> <br /> I used to think that the people who watched these reality / dating / game shows were lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they must be really mentally deficient. Come on people, have a little more pride in yourselves. Demand a little more of your entertainment, THIS. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
