The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is delighted to learn that he has been accepted into medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming a family doctor like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey). however, his joy could last little, since Eddie is involved in an accident and is hit by a car. Taken to the nearest hospital it does not look good for poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to allow him to save Eddie with the serum he has developed, a serum that will give the receiver the power to heal by itself in any type of wound. or disease. Desperate for his son's life, Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects, like turning Eddie into a zombie that eats brains, which is not good ... <br /> <br / > Produced by the executive, written and directed by Steve Franke I'll be perfectly frank and say that Serum is horrible, Serum is one of those horror movies without a budget that tries to cheat any other number of others and ends up being a little more fun than getting him out the nails with pliers. The script is terrible, it has everything that Re-Animator (1985) feels with mad scientists wielding huge syringes that try to eradicate death, but it is so boring that it is not true, the first forty minutes are nothing more than a really boring soap opera. do not wait for Eddie to get home after spending a little time and find that his ex-girlfriend has joined another person, argue with his stepmother, get drunk with his partner and generally bore the audience. Then, once the tedium of the first forty minutes is over and if you keep watching it, it takes another twenty minutes to cheer on Eddie and then he kills a couple of people, the police catch up and shoot him, in the end. Thank God. The serum lacks any of the characteristics that one would associate with a good film, the skill of the character, the dialogue is poor, it is taken too seriously, it is boring, it is slow, it is forgettable and considering that it is destined to be a film of terror. There is an alarming lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that the serum was boring? I thought that if. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does nothing to encourage this, although there is no style here. The levels of gore do not exist, there is a bit of blood spattered, a bitten neck, a couple of scars on the face of a dead woman, a couple of scenes where a needle pierces the skin and that's it. Do not expect a Re-animator in the gore department because if he does he will be very disappointed, as he really was. Filmed in what appears to be a house, a restaurant and a laboratory, the film also has no variety and seems cheap at all times. There are a couple of nude scenes, but that's not enough to save them. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is not so bad, at least it seems that the right cameras were used, I really can not comment. the special effects because there are none, but in general the serum seems reasonably professional. Apparently filmed in Texas, or should I have read it literally in Texas? The performance stinks, but again I think they were actors themselves instead of friends or relatives of the director. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible, boring, slow, boring movie, it has no blood and it feels like a horrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to see this when I can see Re-Animator or one of its sequels again, seriously, I recommend you give it to Serum. There I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
