"Serum" starts with credits that are quite reminiscent of "Re-animator" movies, and it owes them a lot. The story is very similar; A mad doctor develops a serum that he believes will relieve pain, illness and death, but apparently he is not a big believer in clinical trials and therefore ends up with a zombie devourer of brains in the hands of his nephew's person . The zombie even looks like one of the "Re-animator", and in fact some of the makeup effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is quite slow and incredible in quite a few places, resulting in a soap opera sensation for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels obliged to tell us the time of day every few minutes by entering large white letters on the screen. I can not see why this was important, other than being an attempt to provide viewers with a sense of the passage of time; Sometimes, that would not be present otherwise, as the plot progresses. <br /> <br /> There are a series of moments that simply do not add up here. For example, a victim is hit with a hammer, but when we see the victim's head closely, there is no sign of that trauma. In another scene, a character runs through a corridor of the hospital completely lit (we can see the circles of light on the floor, in fact) with a flashlight in his hand, looking for everyone as if he were walking in the dark ... But a moment later, a second character walks down the same corridor completely illuminated without one. These are just a couple of examples; moments of what seems to be a lack of direction or editorial arise quite frequently throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is better in some ways than much of what goes directly to the video as a stand-alone horror lately. In terms of technical articles? Sound and photography, for example. It looks more polished than much of what falls on a DVD. On the other hand, there are still a lot of wooden performances (especially by one of the main characters, the same mad scientist!) And pointless moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of disbelief and everything to do with writing and continuity. However, perhaps these are things that the people involved in the making of this film will have more experience with. One of the problems with low-budget independent horror lately is that filmmakers often intend to remake more popular movies that have bigger budgets, and that almost never works. It was not like that in the case of "Serum", anyway.
