Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. History is full of fantastic ideas and the premises that anyone who lives in England, has been at a football game or knows the first thing that football will immediately detect. <br /> <br /> My first main complaint with Hooligans is that of the poor casting of the two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and I have great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts, he struggled to achieve this role. The main motivation for his character is anger for the system and anger for the betrayal, however, he spends much of the film placid and cheerful, only shows his repressed aggression in a brief scene towards the end of the film. This link with his appearance and his physique make him an unconvincing addition to a gang of football fans. At no time during the film was I convinced that a) he could handle himself in a fight against such thugs and b) the 'signature' of thugs would accept that person in his fold. <br /> <br /> The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks good, and is quite convincing as a bully. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne in the north of England, he demonstrates the worst East London accent since Dick Van Dyke tried to become a fan of Marry Poppins. Details like this probably will not bother an American audience that will be less in tune with the regional dialect in the UK, but being from the UK it was a problem I could not ignore and it helped to ruin the movie for me. The cast cast offered convincing performances and it was fine, especially the role of Bover. The boy who plays this character would have been much more suited to the main role played by Charlie. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately, the casting failed. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and you had Sean Hayes (Jack) of Will and Grace playing the role of Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. The story in Hooligan is also full of improbabilities. I'm not a soccer fan, but I'm a big soccer fan. I know that a group of fans of 'regular' football can be, so it is impossible for a non-soccer fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, not to be in the area in question and not even for English nationality. adopted by a "signature" that resembles a secret organization in some serious cases. My last problem, and the biggest one, with this movie, is the way it portrays soccer hooligans. I oppose the idea of ​​the film that, despite being very violent individuals, the hooligans are excused because they live by some kind of code of ethics in their own world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to each other. This is a complete garbage. Soccer hooligans are complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England and use it as an excuse to terrorize, frighten and intimidate people. They only represent a small percentage of football fans, but they give a bad reputation to the whole game and the people of this country. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If the 'GSE' in this film really loved their club, West Ham, why would they dedicate their lives to being a stain on their behalf? Hooligans are a shame for football and for English society. Soccer hooligans do for football's reputation what Hitler did to the reputation of the Germans. Although this movie tries / tries to show the 'brave' side of violence in football. It does nothing more than promote it as an excusable activity for extreme sports fans. It does not show the poor innocent bystanders at football games who have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glasses to the crowd. It does not show the innocent homeowners and property owners who have to endure graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the true fans of football clubs who suffer indignity and shame when supporters of their teams are forbidden to travel to games away from home or abroad to European games because the thugs among them ruin it for everyone. If you want to see a good movie about violence in football, watch the BBC drama "The Firm".
