As a fan of science fiction movies, I've been aware of The Matrix since its launch in 1999. From the moment I let people tell me, I assumed it was very original and sophisticated. I am also a devotee of Alice in Wonderland. I could never understand how he missed The Matrix when it launched. With the imminent release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy the DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too big. The premise of the matrix (the control device instead of the movie) was intelligent. The philosophical premise of the parallel worlds, the alternative realities is worn out. However, he could still have bought in the movie, like science fiction, if he remained firm in that genre. Unfortunately, it became a standard, "will they escape or will they not escape, will they rescue those who need to be rescued, etc.?" To make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that science fiction and martial arts movies are actually two different types. For the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with romance. You may have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or, at least, not both in the same measure in the same movie. <br /> <br /> If there were such problems with The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded really aggravated the problems. At least thirty minutes of the film were sequences of martial arts or prolonged persecution. (This observation ignores the question, made in every professional and negative criticism of the film: if Neo could do Superman, why bother to fight? The answer, of course, is what attracts the young and male demographic to The theater.) Then there is the aspect of "redemption through love." That plot device was used by Richard Wagner more than a hundred years ago. Actually it was best handled by him at Die Gotterdammerung. <br /> <br /> So, where does that leave those who saw Matrix Reloaded? Fans of martial arts probably complained through the trite, but philosophizing of science fiction. Sci-fi fans wondered why they were sitting at a kung fun festival. Most of the men in the audience were probably bored by the romantic aspect of the movie. <br /> <br /> What are you supposed to get for your money when you watch the films of the Matrix franchise: science fiction, martial arts? The arts or the telenovela? A little of each does not do much more than any of them, nor a satisfying movie for the fans of each one.
