Man would expect a movie to be filmed with an approx. The budget of 300,000,000 USD should at least entertain him for the time he spends at the cinema watching it. "Matrix Reloaded" proves that this assumption is incorrect. <br /> <br /> "The Matrix" worked better, despite having apparent holes in relation to the logic of the story. At least nobody could explain to me why hitting a bot (agent aka) inside a simulation (also known as martix) would damage the responsible computer program in some way ... Unfortunately, the Wachowski brothers did Exactly this "attack on the agents" is the most important thing in "Matrix Reloaded": it is a blow for them o-rama. These fight scenes can be enough (or even cold) in 5 seconds. Towing, but prolonged for several minutes, seemingly faked, badly choreographed and repeated over and over again, is nothing but boring. Despite seeing the promised spectral acrobatics, there is nothing more than just low-quality non-imaginative attacks already seen (or better yet) in, for example. Van Damme 'movies'. The difference of postproduction (ethereal is 5 times faster, the camera floats a lot and freezes in certain scenes, and this is repeated for at least 5 minutes) does not help here, all this has nothing to do with the meaning of " Martial Arts". In addition to these 'fights', all actors refuse to do what they are paid: act. <br /> <br /> What happens besides the fight scenes? Few except the Hollywood routine. This group of hippies so multicultural that they aspired "Mundo acuático" is recycled as a citizen of "Sión" (the last city in the world), and by order of Morfeo they start dancing, because this is a good opportunity to show A lot of tits and butts just covered. The acclaimed cliché of the frog, also known as French, who speaks with this foolish accent "je ne sais quoi", who wastes his fortune due to a "liason d'amour", is served with courage. After this (and the funny unwanted) is the fight between Neo and the sinister followers of "the frog", as it takes place in an Erroy Flynn as an enthusiast, fortunately with a large number of medium-height weapons for decoration . For Neo posing with the hellebard, just add 2 stairs and many statues (for being destroyed, cast on evil guys and things like that) and you get 5 min more sensible and boring. of this garbage. <br /> <br /> What's left to wait? The hell of the usual marketing. And the "revolutions" that will happen or not, certainly without me.
