The first Matrix movie was exuberant with an incredible development of characters, an ingenious dialogue and scenes of action that were maintained with the flow of the story. These elements, along with the incredible special effects of the day, presented a magical journey that kept you in suspense all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, Revolutions). The problem here is not special effects or fight sequences as some may argue; The brothers have taken well-developed characters from the first film and emptied them like rotten tree trunks. The connection that was first established between the viewers and the characters on the screen in the first movie is lost when you realize that they are not the same characters as the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> In this regard, Morpheus developed as a Charismatic, philosophical character with a vision that far surpasses anyone else in the film, but here in Reloaded, he presents us with a different Morpheus that stands firm and hollow, reduced to corny of a line that contradict the character that we saw develop in the first film. This character just did not feel the same, and this could also be said about the supporting characters in the movie. <br /> <br /> The elimination of 'Tank' was also a disappointment. Tank's participation in the first film was minimal at best, but he played the role extremely well. In Reloaded, we discover that Tank dies after the events of the first film, and is replaced by a Jar Jar Binks double that could not act to save his life (think of the old box of Corn Flakes of Kellogg). His performance left me laughing completely, and most of his spoken dialogue lacked time. He had the overwhelming feeling that he was trying too hard to convey his emotions on screen or that the delivery in the script was canceled; In any case, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt embarrassed by the actor ... <br /> <br /> Even Neo's pious person was suspect during most of the fight sequences. The battle in the alley with the 200 clones of Agent Smith was certainly exaggerated. One must ask, for a man as talented as Neo, that he would even waste his time in such an unsuccessful and frivolous battle when they attend to more urgent matters (especially when considering his ability to fly or his impiety to double the Matrix). ; certainly, Neo could have sent the clones much faster and more efficiently). Again, such acts lend themselves to a script hampered by coherence and scenes created as filler to prevent us from feeling gypped. In jest, our expectations of the characters created in the first movie are discarded quickly. Unfortunately, for those who expect more of the same, you will surely feel seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you take Reloaded as your standard and current action movie and forget the incredible inconsistencies of the story and the unfolding of the character development already established from the first movie, you should walk away feeling quite satisfied.
