You can see a little soaking, but hardly captivating. Still, two or three fun moments. What surprises me is how elusive and morally highly questionable McNicol is. She plays an invalid (a problem in the leg), but not only is she not the "ugly duckling" that men avoid, but she is even a man-eater, and we're supposed to feel it for her! Oh, poor McNicol, with his leg problem ... Poor little McNicol! She is constantly receiving passes from men, and even abandons them without even blinking! On one occasion, she even had a premeditated one-night stand with a blonde stallion, and then tells her newly found French girlfriend that it did not take her long to get an erection. It makes viewers wonder why she is so worried about her legs if all men want to fuck her. Well, almost all the guys; the only guy who really rejected her after seeing her leg wrapped in metal is the guy who is working on the phone. But for the rest, she seems to be fine with men! There is no shyness, success is not lacking with men, and she throws them away as toys; the way he got rid of Carradine was ridiculous. Poor invalid girl? I do not think so. And yet, we must believe that this woman has a big problem of trust; hence the scene in which he prepares to begin playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw the notes on the floor by nervousness. Nervousness?? The rest of the movie shows little or nothing that would suggest that she has confidence problems, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit into the big picture. I was also surprised at how quickly and enthusiastically McNicol befriends a French woman who is fucking a married man. On the surface, the film seems to be a "sentimental story of the struggle of a woman crippled by acceptance" (or something like that), but it's nothing like that; the writer moves clearly between this type of film and a "screw anything that moves, is the kind of movie of the 80", very confusing. <br /> <br /> As for your leg: it's not like you have a big, fat purple balloon that grows in the muscle of your calf. She "just" has a normal-looking metal prosthesis attached to her lower leg, so I really do not understand why the creators of the movie try to make it look like a Quasimodo woman or something like that, in the Beginning of the movie. It's not like he has a twin head growing out of his neck! Although McNicol is not a big catch. Cutish type but nothing special, quite normal. <br /> <br /> But what the hell is Carradine doing playing with a kind of (relatively) mild guy flirting with McNicol and his friend ?! This kid was in "The Revenge of the Nerds"! But I guess it's the same with the Carradines in the movies as with the Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, incapable or stupid they are, all the doors are open for a career in film and politics, respectively. <Br /> <br /> Down with nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies about Carradines and other Hollywood nepotistas and fools, contact me by email.
