Another double noir on a Warner Home Video album and by far the best of the two films is the wonderful RKO 1950 thriller, "Where Danger Loves." This is a memorable classic with a great cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Pictured in black and white by Nicholas Musuraca, it was directed closely by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is an excellent example of the black style of taking pictures and will always be remembered for its artisanal style that was Hollywood's past - (See my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praises can be applied to the second movie on the record, the abominable MGM 1949 stinky TENSION! Written poorly (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry, this film is full of ridiculous characterizations and unlikely situations. The inconceivable relationship between a good-mannered and weak pharmacist, played softly by Richard Baseheart, and his openly lame wife (a laughable Audrey Totter) is totally implausible and unconvincing (how the hell they got together in the first place, as I suppose no one). Then, when "it's not surprising" he leaves it for one of his playmates (Lloyd Gough), our shy pharmacist, instead of feeling euphoric and with the moon full of good fortune, plans to take revenge and tries to kill Gough, but in the last minute . The guy is killed anyway and our pharmacist is immediately suspect by Homicide Detective Barry Sullivan (another bland performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie I really could not care less since everything is so poorly executed and ridiculed by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea of ​​the pace and can not inject a bit of style into the thing. There's nothing I can put in front of the camera that prevents you from falling asleep! The only TENSION contained in this movie is in the elastic band that stretches to its limit and hooks with the fingers of Barry Sullivan when he introduces the opening of the film. Too much for that! A very unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey is the smooth monochromatic cinematography of the great Harry Stradling, an effective score of a young Andre Previn and an early dramatic appearance of the adorable Cyd Charisse before she found her dancing shoes. Hears! - Maybe she could have saved the picture if we had taken a few steps and a couple of pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> To his credit, however, are the piles of extras that are included, which features trailers, comments and features for both films. But the album is worth only for the classic RKO Mitchum!
