Robin Cook's novel "Coma" had already become a very successful movie in 1978. A couple of years later, it was the turn of Robin Cook's best seller to get the big-screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" practically everything That could go wrong, it goes wrong. This is a scary adventure film that consists of wooden performances, stupid dialogues, unconvincing characters and rhythm of advance. The only reason why it escapes a rating of 1 out of 10 is that the Egyptian background provides infinitely more fascination than the story itself. It's hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner (from "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") is the director of this debacle. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a work holiday in Cairo when she comes across the shop of the antiquities dealer Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi befriends Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge. Accordingly, he shows him a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharoah Seti I that he keeps secretly in his tent. The very existence of the statue evokes an intense emotion in Erica, as it could provide vital clues to locate the lost tomb of Seti I, a prize as great as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi can tell Erica is brutally murdered in her store, with Erica watching in silent terror as she encounters her eerie ending. Fearful but tempted by what she has seen, Erica tries to track the treasure. She finds herself helped and hindered in her search by other parties, none of which is truly reliable. On the one hand there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend, but perhaps a man with ulterior motives sinister. Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels some attraction but who may also be hiding dangerous secrets. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "Sphinx" are usually due to their total disregard for plausibility. Down could not he be less convincing as an Egyptologist? one assumes that she would be quite well educated and resourceful, however, she spends the whole movie screaming helplessly like a bimbo busty teen movie. On those rare occasions when he's not running away from a potential villain, he does other things without a brain, like taking pictures with a Polaroid flash in a 4,000-year-old grave! The turns of the plot are heavy, to say the least, and comprise mainly revelations and double crosses that can be predicted well in advance. One can not even try to enjoy the movie at a silly but entertaining level of action, because the pace is terribly slow. The small action that can be found is separated by long tedios. A famous criticism of the film stated: "The Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2-hour movie been summarized so well in 2 words.
