This movie has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a coming. The story is about a true and hidden tomb imagined in the Valley of the Kings, of King Seti I, second pharaoh of the XIX Dynasty, period of the New Kingdom. It's not a bad spin, and a lot of the movie is shot on location. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were actually filmed there, and not in a studio. The things in the second unit are endless, and must have been left loose in Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a sideline. The film is essentially ruined by one of the most irritating actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the protagonist. He passes the whole movie wondering what he looks like, if his blue eyes refract the light at the right angle, they make all the felines feel attracted to it, etc. Having started life as a model at the age of ten, what hope could it have for her? ? She embodies everything that is most disgusting about feminine vanity and foolishness. And to think that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for 'Patton'! It allows this terrible actress to whimper and have fun through the movie, hysterical in one moment, flirting in the next, in a kind of idiocy hurricane as she rolls from one man to another, either screaming or making bedroom eyes, no matter. She is supposed to be a young Egyptologist. But she has never been to Egypt before! Take a taxi to Giza and, for the first time, take a look at the pyramids, it erupts in ecstasy: "But they are so BIG!" Barf! Okay, that was the script, but she accepts banality too easily, giving the impression that it's her natural element, that I do not doubt a minute. The elements of history are sound. There is, in fact, a serious problem about a black antique market there. True! Well done! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be fine for what I know. It was fun to see the name of Cyril Swern as a sound recorder in the film, as he knew it quite well a long time ago. Katharina, Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter, is described as a "draftsman". I wonder what that means. Maybe she did a steady job. Anyway, the antiques in the movie are pretty good, actually. And we can see a lot of the Cairo Museum and numerous scenic places. They really go inside the Tomb of King Tutankhamun! I do not imagine that today would be allowed for a movie. Many inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. That would not go well today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. The music for the movie is absolutely frightening, worse than Lesley Anne Down in fact! But there were elements of the soundtrack that were surprisingly authentic, one of which was the cacophony of Cairo traffic noise, which reproduces precisely in the background, and which would make anyone who knows Cairo laugh nervously. In addition, speaker calls to prayer are there all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they do it right? It could have been good.
