I agree with most of the comments I have seen written. I grew up watching Seseme Street before many of the people who wrote comments were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when he appeared on television Seseme Street. The program taught me my numbers (The Count), spelling (Muppet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not understand very well why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in some way, but make Cookie Monster a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The program has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception, why not create a "vegetarian monster" that talks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But, back to my point. I grew up watching the start of Seseme Street, my 20-year-old daughter grew up also watching SS with her, and we talked about Mr. Hooper's death, although he had died before she was born, as well as other Themes on the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and I still remember how well they portrayed the event, much like real life. And I am sure that it affected the cast extremely strong since all the deaths and losses affect the families. You saw this in the program and allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show has spoken of traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It is one of the few programs that really analyzes these scenarios. Now I have a 5 year old daughter who really does not see SS. I tried to watch the show a couple of times, but it really is not what it used to be. The Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It is aimed at children under 18 months (maybe), and it's not even fun. I always take pride in seeing SS as a child, adolescent and adult with my own son. Now, in my second round, it really costs me to see SS. The topics that were discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new neighborhoods, moving related to children and adults in an easy way to understand and with which children from 2-99 years can relate. Now, concepts are NOT taught, minimum count, only the occasional mention of the alphabet. It is not the SS itself, from an original observer of the show. PLEASE, if any of the producers of the program read these comments, return the program to your base. The new concepts have never been a problem with SS, only that they used to have a better way to incorporate them into the program.
