If you want to see a film that mixes terribly a Latin country with any other Latin country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, even in its most violent period, has not shown policies as much as soldiers. As in this movie. This showed a country like El Salvador when the Civil War. Since I am Peruvian and I live in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was fun for me to see the police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and want (or need) to be a taxi driver, simply place a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the front window of your car and you can drive freely on the Peruvian streets (there are companies of Taxis, but their rates are quite expensive, you do not need a yellow or black / white square band on the doors of your car, well, the taxis in this movie have that band, something you will never see in Peru. Caribbean-style garments, for example, when a taxi driver comes out, he wore a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and mustache from the 1940s, like Clark Gable ... No Peruvian looks like this, please! It is the Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman in a street with a long skirt, like typical folklore dresses in Latin America, go for a walk anywhere in Peru and you will never find a woman with that kind of clothes , unless you are watching a b typical aile 5. The cast could have been better: I can not deny that Hector Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latino actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish It is not fluid. It is notorious that Spanish is not their first language. There are dozens of very good Latino actors who could have acted like Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latino police officer". It was fun to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodriguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, doing their best to pronounce Spanish. Without success, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, who announced to Cardinal Sebastián, also spoke a very funny Spanish. There are very good Peruvian actors, like Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just to mention two of many Peruvian actors), who could have acted with excellence. 6. I admit that a fiction film can afford a license to invent cities or even countries. But, please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: the city represented in this movie should have been called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a masculine name, and Viciente has never been used. 7. I do not agree with a user who says that this movie was filmed in places in Peru. There is not a single Peruvian place, although the production has used in excess signs that show "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soft drink. Like not a few American films, it must have used any Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, a Latino place is identical to any other Latino place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he is supposed to arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, the capital). Actually, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And, of course, in Peruvian airports there are no military or police guards. 9. neutral. REGISTR complyollower Animals. Whengineerolla is a one Apartment Peruvian guest, REGISTRATION Velocipede Waste Descargas AllTravels Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and in other Latin countries), unless you get a 1 star hotel. 10. The rebels fighting against the government are ... Colombians! His accent was, without a doubt, from Colombia. For the casting, the producers should have hired Peruvian actors. In short, it would have been cheaper to film in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could go on with more examples of this movie, which led me to give it a vote of "1" (horrible), but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes since its inception. But dear producers: it is not a tragedy: there are many worse movies with many mistakes. Just remember "Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull" and the indescribable "The new rhythm of the emperor" Disney. The list of bad movies could be endless ...
