The film offers a fairly condensed version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I know, by doing a little research and verification of the facts, is largely a work of fiction. Actually, there are no ancient scrolls and, if the author was under pressure, I am sure he would have to admit that he has never seen any parchment in the ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "valuable" texts written as usual by anonymous, were destroyed by the evil "enemies of the truth" in the church and local government. That's pretty strange, because every year all sorts of New Age trash come to light-hundreds of books, dozens of movies-and the Roman Catholic church does not seem to be bent on destroying the movement you're likely to see. As I do, a total vessel of doody. I'm not a fan of the church, of course, but at least the ancient texts on which they base their faith are real. <br /> <br /> It is a typical pattern of scammers and religious scammers who claim to have seen or translated ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed by "evil" men or in the case of Joseph Smith, who were transferred to Heaven once translated . Therefore, the real texts can not be found in any museum like the Smithsonian, nor in translations verified by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. Is a gotcha. In a way, I admire anyone smart enough to have a great idea and earn millions with it, but I could not do it myself, since I do not want to cheat the public with more New Agey Hokum. <Br /> <br /> Occasionally, a genuine old text is hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered and after carbon dating and the diligent study of the text, considered authentic by the experts. The Gospel of Judas was referred to as heretical around 300 CE. No document of the church of that time mentions any Prophecy of Celestine as authentic, heretical or anything else. <br /> <br /> We are evolving towards something, that is true. - but the optimism in Celestine's prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on a basis of lies, like a castle built on sand will collapse. The harsh, ugly, overpopulated and cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely to be what will be on the horizon, than in a hippie utopian commune where everything is love and peace. I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if they are simple sticks, and you can earn millions. Celestial prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Pity it is a castle built on sand. Do not get me wrong I wish God, the Celestial Vision was reality, only it is not. No ancient philosophy at any time expressed ideas given in Knowledge with the modern concept of spiritual evolution that goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwininan Evolution became known. That means that the ideas in the Celestine Prophecies can not be older than the C.E of the nineteenth century, and do not go back to the early period of B.C.E or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of New Agers claim is not unusual at all. Wiccans affirm their brand of magic and witchcraft: the "ancient religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when in fact it was not known that the Book of Shadows existed before Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 20th century and was the friend of Aleister. Crowley. <br /> <br /> The New Age gurus tell lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients used to put their noses before such absurdities that the Gurus preach today. Why do they do what they do, perpetrate such fraud? Simple: millions of dollars can be made and the modern guru acquires power over his followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their affirmations of love for all things. Each group of the bitter New Age opposes the others. It is a struggle for their minds and their wallets. <br /> <br /> But learn one thing from me, which is really similar to one of the ideas, learn to follow your own instincts and seek guidance from within. That I can agree with all my heart.
