Even though I'm not Cher's biggest fan, this movie was her biggest achievement. Of course, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual deterioration, in the screening of said film. A 1989 survey of Moonstruck fans by the UK Defense Network revealed that a third of the 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed believed that Moonstruck had damaged them and an astonishing 80% claimed that they had irreparably destroyed their minds. Very unloved in this movie, a young widow named Loretta who lives in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always face each other in some way. She has been dating Johnny Camarary for a while, a good mom boy, and he asks her to marry him. She says that if I loved her mother's questions: "Do you love her, Loretta?", "No.", "Well, if you love her, she'll drive you crazy because they know they can, but do you like it?" Oh, yes, he's a sweet man. " When Johnny goes to Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta to get in touch with his brother who has been away for years. <br /> <br /> This victory for human rights is even more important, as is Sicily. It was the birthplace of the electroshock treatment. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw slaughterhouse workers using electric discharge devices to cause epileptic seizures in pigs, making it easier to cut their throats. Cerletti was inspired and began to experiment with electric shock in humans, developing the first electroshock machine. The broken bones and fractured vertebrae that resulted from the seizures seemed to be of little concern. <br /> <br /> This was, in many ways, an anti-American film. It is about love, no doubt, but it is also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people and the strange behavior provoked by US policies. The characters, from the disheveled BoBo in the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, their parents and their problems, the old grandfather and his dogs are well-developed and intrinsic characters. It's something like a movie for girls, because it's like Loretta stops being a stuffed shirt and wakes up and awakens the flower of the inner vampire. It is a story of Cinderella in many ways, and that is the dream of every girl to emerge from the ugly duckling to a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Assuming a free and fully informed consent, it is good to reaffirm the right to seek happiness through brain damage if he or she so decides. But we could ask ourselves if we, as fans of the cinema, although in no way swear any Hippocratic oath, we should offer it.
