Disney has now made direct sequels to the video to a good amount of its many animated features. Two of these were made for his 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast." Well, these are not really sequels, since both are established between the events of the first film. The first of these two films directly on video was "Beauty and the Beast: Haunted Christmas", which seems to be rejected by some fans of his theatrical predecessor, but I think you can usually expect it with sequels. However, this second, "Belle's Magical World", is definitely inferior. <br /> <br /> The film features three stories, all of which take place while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell of the sorceress. The first is "The Perfect Word," where a misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast leads to problems, and neither of them wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere approaches, and Lumiere is not ready, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle, and believes they are really in love. The movie ends with "The Broken Wing." In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle probably means trouble if the Beast finds out, since it hates the birds! <br /> <br /> The description of the plot I gave is for the original VHS version of the third Disney movie "Beauty and the Beast". Apparently, in the DVD version, another story called "Mrs. Potts' party" was added, but I've only seen the original version. However, as I very much doubt that one story stands out as a classic over the rest, I do not see any point in seeing the special edition. Anyway, the first thing I will say about "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we are used to Disney, which obviously would disappoint many people. I did not like it so much "Beauty and the Beast: Haunted Christmas", but you certainly can not say the same about its animation. I am sure that the stories in "Belle's Magical World" could entertain many children (mostly young people, I think), and each story has a moral, so they could also teach some valuable lessons. However, for adults, the movie really does not have much. Personally I did not find any good humor in him, I discovered that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast got tired and that the stories did not impress me very much at all (they are not very well written). In "The Perfect Word," the way Belle tells the Beast: "You're acting rude ... and stupid!" It's a bit corny, and I think there are some other corny moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> By the time this movie appeared directly on video, I was about eleven or twelve years old. . I do not know what he would have thought of him at that moment, since he had lost interest in Disney at the time, and it would be years before he regained some of that interest. Even when this movie premiered for the first time, I think it was a bit beyond the age group it was aimed at. I never saw "Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas" until a couple of months ago, but unlike that movie, I never heard of it until recently, I think just after seeing the first sequel to the 1991 success at Disney . Well, as much as I like the original theatrical, I would not have missed much if I had never realized the existence of this film. For young children, I am sure that "Belle's Magical World" can be very entertaining and probably a bit educational with its morals, but I do not recommend it for adult Disney fans.
