It's okay! Less than 9 on average, but maybe less than 12 years for others! I was 11 years old when I saw it originally in a video and in such a large youth I could not notice the quality of the bad quality cartoons or the fact that those classic characters that we have all grown up in love are not the same nor so good to see. Almost everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I agree, not even beautiful, but simply a simple-looking woman with dyed skin, wearing the same bright blue dress to the end without a glamorous dress, Wardrobe is to say the least, annoying, my ears They can bleed if I had to listen to it every day! Lumiere, both in the original edition and in the Christmas edition, was soft and elegant, but here he is an imbecile womanizer and without grace. Cogsworth, despite being the pointless housekeeper for whom he is famous, is a complete character and the most unbearable character he would say. It seems that it is always very difficult for him to close that grid hole unbearably difficult for him and whose clock face should really have been used to go back in time to the two unforgettable films of this series! Poor poor Mrs. Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but by Anne Rogers who did not capture the character of Mrs. Potts, did not offend him! Not if she did everything possible! When the beast roars, it sounds so horribly false that there clearly are no additional roars, grunts or growls over a microphone. I am aware that this is only a third characteristic after two other films, so, of course, it would not be so good, but I am sure that a greater contribution would not have hurt the Disney artists that, in fact, have achieved so remarkable. Animation styles over the years. It's okay, I suppose, and I see it sometimes, but only when it suits me. It is quite difficult to make a recommendation for you to read this because it depends on your age, but remember that this will not be at all what you expect after the previous spectacular movies. And to think that in my video of him the text on the back cover said "with a brilliant animation"! It's a good movie, but on the one hand it's also very poor and, on the other, those 3 words should have been saved for the next reissue of the original!
