SPOILER WARNING: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read beyond the first paragraph if you plan to watch the movie. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has a policy to make a lot of movies and show one a month on the cable channel. Most of these are mediocre and monotonous, they have some good elements but they are still a disappointment ("The ghost of the megaplex", "The stepsister of the strange planet", "Zenon: Girl of the 21st century"). From time to time, they do something really, really great ("Genius", "The other me"). But once in a while The Disney Channel makes a big mistake and really sucks us. This month (December 2000) The Disney Channel presented "The Ultimate Christmas Present", which I thought was terrible due to bad writing and worse acting. Apparently, 'The Brainiacs.com' was rushed a few days before Christmas to get a jump in the holidays, because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid for a feature in the TV Guide, so I thought it should be better than the norm. I expected a total shock. Only Disney's "Model Behavior" has been worse than this. <br /> <br /> The plot was more unlikely than usual. Usually, I let it slide, but here it goes too far. Matthew Tyler gets sick that his widowed father spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has taken out large loans in a scrupulous bank to stay afloat. Again and again, his father has to skip the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his dad is if he becomes the boss and orders him to stay at home. He comes up with an amazing idea to create a website where children from around the world can find him and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister is inventing. All that concept is full of fallacies. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens the bank account of his own company and buys most of his father's business. He is the secret boss, but he does not reveal this to his father, but he introduces himself to board meetings as a cartoon image through a computer. That image in itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to believe her in her home, much less someone who is as stupid as Matthew. To make a long story short, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent appears asking about Matthew's company, since it is fraudulent. <br /> <br /> There is a lot much bad here As mentioned, what they do here is impossible even for true geniuses, what these children are not. The website, the cartoon image, the computer chip, even the things that are taught in school, are too advanced for these children. The performance of the majority of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil owner of the bank, but his part is a discard. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows that she has the ability to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as a judge. There are even some offensive and out of place for antirrus jokes. But the biggest atrocities are the hard issues. These themes appear in many of the Disney Channel films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages hit so hard. The typical idea of ​​"father who works excessively" is really difficult, and after handing it inappropriately in "The Last Christmas Present", seeing it again groups my state of mind. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless preaching, because working is also important to maintain a viable family. Except for canceling activities thanks to work, the father was not so bad, but I found it offensive when the grandmother told him: "I do not like what I see". Equally bad is the preaching of the idea that all single parents MUST get married if they want to raise their children well. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, while important for the plot, is there only to be the love interest for the father. This offensive only proves that Disney's mental confidence lacks intelligence to avoid scraping the bottom of the Disney script barrel. Instead of letting this movie teach your kids to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It has to be better than this. Zantara Score: 1 out of 10.
