I agree with some of the other critics of this movie. I found it incredibly silly (at best) and downright misleading, misinformed and harmful (in the worst case). Like others, this film struck me as an appalling mixture of "real" and pseudoscientific science, New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was especially offended by the contributions of Candace Pert. It is true that he was not a fan of her before this movie, but his speech about the "consciousness" of the cells was one of the best examples of taking a term ("conscience") that has a predictable meaning for most people. people and use it in such a distorted way that it causes it to get dark instead of clear up. It is an old Orwellian mentality that the teacher himself described so well in his magnificent essay "Politics and the English Language." To refer to "consciousness" in this way, in fact, to refer to this film as "science-based" in general (which is its clear intention), is to use language in the same way used by Stalin when he labeled Its slave states are "democratic republics" and Hitler called his party a movement of "socialist workers". <br /> <br /> I do not really intend to understand quantum physics. I know enough about that to know that to really understand it, a considerable study would be necessary. Oh, but Americans love "instant lighting," and that's what this movie error is about. If you ASKED questions, that would be one thing, but clearly try to ask and answer, which no film could do simply because we are very, very far from the answers (if they exist). <br /> <By the way, ethically, this film needed a disclaimer about the association of several "expert commentators" with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Caballero, who often speaks in his voice "Ramtha." (I am always surprised by this 21st century knowledge of the 10,000-year-old superman, channeled.) But again, this film holds that the past, the present and the future are the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10,000 years ago Years, I suppose it could exist now and tomorrow ... Only then, why have your financial advice been so incredibly bad for your followers? Oh, I forgot, I'm the creator of the "good" and "bad" advice. It's my fault, not Ramtha's.) <br /> <br /> What a disaster.
