A not definitive. A resounding NO. This movie is an absolute failure. <br /> <br /> I was recommended by a friend a lot for "that kind of thing". I saw this movie with some anticipation of being informed, modified, changed, altered, uplifted, and all the other positive mystical things that could happen to me when I suddenly see The Truth. Now this may sound like someone who is already predisposed to do poo-pooing anything related to the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical limits of existence. Believe me, I am not such a person. I try to be open about any presentation and then I decide accordingly. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing that I found slightly interesting and informative, was the part about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. That was the only "unifying" element that I could find in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary rambled on several topics and never seemed to unify and join, trying to tie and conclude a point. And what was all this about that the Native Americans could not see the ships that Columbus entered? Who told the "authorities" in this movie that this was what happened in 1492? Where are they, too? If you had compared this to the scientific work being done on visual cognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit the Laboratory of Visual Cognition at the University of Illinois site) there may have been a more convincing point. Here, however, he looked like a mystical mumbo jumbo without support. <br /> <br /> Like a movie: this was not a movie, it was two. I found the documentary part slightly interesting, just to hear people talk about what they were talking about (I was annoyed that their credentials did not show up at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially). But I found the "story" part of the movie with Matlin in it annoying, disconnected, intrusive, unrelated and completely stupid. That bit about the Polish wedding with that dance was not funny at all. It was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophisticated and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It just seemed so out of place and wrong. Is this use right because a group member uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? It may be fine to make a point, but it does not seem to be used that way here. And in any case, I do not care what the reason is, it offended me, a Pole. I never call myself or I refer to my ethnic origin as "abadejo". And I certainly do not like that you like it when others like it. Can I see or hear an intolerant conversation in which this term is used? You can bet! But again this does not seem to be the case here. It just seemed so out of place. Without approving, without mitigating. <br /> <br /> The performance was abysmal. The performance of Elaine Hendrix was totally incredible. Sometimes, it seemed like he was just reading his lines that had been given to him. Marlee Matlin for the most part seemed to be asleep walking through all this. Maybe she was disconcerted by the material. I know what it was. If she was supposed to be portraying a malicious and anxiety-prone discontent, she did not seem to click. But by far, the worst of the world was Hendrix! In general, I found this as a cheated, disjointed, and ill-acted piece of cheating.
