It seems that the creators of this film had trouble deciding what their message really was. As a result, they had even more problems to deliver it. They began by misrepresenting the principles of quantum physics that relate to subatomic particles. Having established a blurred image of Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle, they presented a barrage of talking heads that constructed a case of ridiculous logic to imply that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas in which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made their career: positive thinking, interruption of bad patterns, always looking on the bright side, etc. Then came a little about how our brains can change our body. Production of proteins: hormones that we choose to create more or less. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's so simple, is not it? Intertwined with our lessons, we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who takes antidepressants and hates her thighs. The filmmakers, slowly but surely, tried to make us all say: "Hey, Amanda, cheer up!" Why can not you cheer up? Obviously it is because the world is a BAD place where there is crime, poverty and religion, for that reason. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the complete second half) caused a flood of contradictions. We are all part of a complete energy in which we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals that can change the world, but many of us are part of each of the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have a purpose to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is no good and evil, so there is no reward or punishment, so nothing is good. Has ever come out of the religion, but we still have to do good anyway, even if there is nothing good or bad because there is nobody to decide what that is, except for the fact that each one of us can make a good life if we all meditate. , and then the crime will cease, and if we say nice things, our water will freeze in beautiful ways. Still with me? Good because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science," the entire meditation experiment conducted by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a sham, the numbers were controlled and the homicide rate was higher that year than any previous year or later. . And what about your positive attitude to stay young and healthy? This was a message delivered by an older man who seemed to be his age and an overweight woman. <br /> <br /> So, does all this work or not? I was lucky to see the movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the film (yes, three) answered questions after the show. I consider myself fortunate because I had first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Several of the questions asked by the members of the audience left her so perplexed that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the response. I finally had to leave when the discussion became inevitably political, and everyone, including Ms. Chasse, began to speculate on how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this movie.
