This was a fucking movie, with a lot of meaninglessness and too many mistakes to tell. I only saw this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a cameo in it, and I continued to watch it because, as a child, I love any movie that includes male nudes for a change. Later, I wondered how much more ridiculous the story could be, and each time it became ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (the handsome Chris L. McKenna, whom I had never seen, but I LOVE his little nude scene) is coming to an end as a painter, when he meets the electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of "Cheers"). Thinking that he is getting more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, who plays a stereotypically bad guy). Ray is being investigated by a City Hall accountant (Ron Livingston in a cameo, which I'm in love with from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray ends up offering the apparently desperate for money. Sean $ 13k to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean stalks the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) is attracted, completes the blow and leaves, carrying with him the information file against Ray. Sean quickly learns that they were using it, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as leverage to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, it's a downhill movie ... generally worth stalking. But as soon as Ray, Duke and his crew kidnapped Sean to extract the information about the file from him, he became more foolish (and still DUMBER ...), until finally it seemed that the writer of the film, Charlie Higson, He had emerged from a 10-day writing hangover and realized he needed to desperately discover how to wrap up the series of implausible mess he had created before a deadline or something. Without simply detailing the film, let's just say that in every scene you see after the abduction, you find yourself panting "what the hell!", Bewildered by the nonsense in progress when Sean follows a quite graphic and crude path. towards redemption. In the end, there are so many loose things in the movie, that you start to regret having seen it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should only watch after it reaches the cable, and there should be enough beer and friends to make fun of the movie at its full value. It's supposed to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actress, but it's hard to dedicate herself to the movie when you have "Norm" from "Cheers" and a brother Baldwin doing the dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy that really does without fucking Sense Men will love violence, scenes of blood and guts, and sex scenes and absolutely unnecessary shots. Girls will enjoy the free crotch of a handsome Sean in a conventional movie, when it's almost always the girls who get naked in a movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor that is worth seeing for more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is alone in the first third of the film.
