Oh, how we have a fire failure here; a film so bad that your mind will be amazed and divert to other things as you waste your time with insensibly poor production values ​​in the brain; Character stereotypes of the worst and racist since D.W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; characters so unimaginative and unattractive that it is difficult to see, as well as a narrative that advances at such a slow, stupid and useless pace that will question people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Prizzi's Honor is a film that ends up being an absolute postmodern disaster in all possible ways. The film is a disordered and meaningless mess that John Huston has directing; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson stare and everyone else fills the gaps like stupid fools or support characters who cry on a phone every now and then or fight with a main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and crime in general. This twin with its director and cast should be enough to propel it through some kind of story; a kind of sequence of good scenes; Some kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else but not? What we get is an ugly and ugly movie that revolves around nothing at all. <br /> <br /> I'll give a couple of examples of how bad this horror movie is. First of all, the movie thinks it's a love story and thinks about it for about an hour of its time: from MY time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people for a family he works for in New York, and yet resembles his One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest character more than an international hit man. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another murderer and they beat her out, but since the poor excuse for a plot develops, it seems that everything is wrong. I read that the plot of this movie is: "A professional hit man and a hit man fall in love, only to discover that they have been hired to kill the other". Well, yes, that's true, but that real revelation does not occur until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as someone with an IQ of 60: he walks around; apparently making observations and talking loudly about the things he sees; He talks as if he were drunk or has a more serious problem from within and, what is worse, we never have the feeling that he is a murderer. A really bad murder done from the beginning (which actually happens off the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is a strong man, the best of the best, international. <br /> <br /> So with a main character If it's not nice and it's not realistic, we turn to the script. The first hour and a half is just a dead cinematic zone with what there is always to suggest traces of life, just bad conventions: Partanna bends over the phone or in person and asks the same things over and over again: "I get married with her? "I love her? What is love? What do I do? "And it becomes so repetitive that he is not even able to act as a good mood." This was combined with the way he always seemed to be talking on the phone with someone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by the daughter of director John, what did not help at all to the plot and seemed to be there to laugh, as was the scene in which he tells his father how he slept with Partanna and he loved it? That made me think, Was this supposed to be funny? Should I be laughing? The film felt like a clever image of the Mafia with its opening scene of a wedding (Allah the Godfather) and the consequent scenes with a touch of noir like gangs, policemen and murderers were introduced into the film, but what we get is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a kind of kidnapping plot: is it true, love and romance? maybe the movie is going to start. So wrong: with more characters continuously talking very slowly and deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene involving a guy who leaves his office: this scene sums up the movie. Everything is planned briefly and then executed in a clumsy and clumsy way that only makes it look corny. We do not get to see them reach some dramatic music; Maybe they have to go through security to get to the elevators; Maybe they have to be careful with the civilians when they hide in the chosen places and when that woman randomly leaves the elevator and the shot occurs? The scene is not even edited correctly. A little suspense, some drama: "Shot or not?"; Maybe something slow motion like the character has to draw fast before it's too late? Anything but how it was actually executed. Prizzi's honor continues his monotonous and uninterestingly decent filmic oblivion as he approaches his climax. It is a film where the cameras are reflected in the windows; the lights are reflected on the sides of the cars and the "dead" drivers blink when they are nudged. Prizzi's Honor is a confusing and messy movie that will test the patients of any spectator and will not say it was a comedy because I did not laugh with that. In that is another matter. The film is repetitive, prolonged and colorless in its vision and scope for originality: here there is no honor.
