After seeing the MIDNIGHT OFFERS, I am still convinced that the first decent film about witches (teenagers) has yet to be made. I did not think much about THE CRAFT and I'm not in love with CHARMED either. The only movie I enjoyed more or less (about teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even that was not very good. But the changes are that if you liked all the films mentioned above, you will also enjoy the MIDNIGHT OFFERS. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a silly, cheesy early 80s movie about teenage witches in high school. But I was quite surprised that this whole movie reproduced it quite seriously. The acting is decent and serious all the time. No jokes that are played by teenagers or something like that. And the musical score, at first, I found quite good. He added a little fear and also something "elegant", with the use of threatening violins and everything. But as the movie progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was too ambitious. They did not have to add those threatening violins when you simply see someone backing up a car and then moving away at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there's Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason for me to see this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a very funny slasher movie, with thick (and sometimes ridiculous) frames that she made in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERS. And I must say that she was very good as the wicked witch of Vivian. But the main problem with the movie is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but that's all. Then there's Robin, the good witch, who is learning about his powers. And we hope that the two use their powers more than once, but only once do they use their powers to make some pieces of wood and other things fly in the air like projectiles. Was it supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I expected to see a spectacular showdown between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or whatever ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of confrontation at the end, but it is a great disappointment. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the performance of the two witches was good. The musical score was decent (although too ambitious). And the cinematography was pretty dark and in a bad mood sometimes. But that does not make a good movie yet, right?
