There is nothing particularly original in this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and the "leading lawyer" on the other. The austere but unimaginative lighting and photography come from the cycle noir fagged out. The story could easily have come out of a Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft at the helm. The performances are routine, the direction flat, and even the dressing adjusted. (An alley is shown on a single simulated brick plaster wall and has a sign on it, the sign says, "Publish without bills.") He presents the story and some of the characters by a portentous narrator who informs us that while most unions work hard and honestly to promote the causes of their members, some are corrupt. But we do not really know much about unions or how they operate, although I suppose they were a game right after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years before. Here they are just a peg to hang the story. The real leader of the band is a disabled lawyer who handles three or four thugs. The district attorney (or whatever it is) learns, as did Dana Andrews in "Boomerang," that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is accused of murder and that he spends the rest of the movie almost alone, unearthing the evidence of Foran's. innocence. He gets into fist fights and fires like any other private eye in a cheap movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is the D.A. He has shown some insinuating demonstrations of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time speaking softly and looking at the ground. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice rummy but he can not make a good drunk. Beverley Garland is fine, but is undermined by the direction, which leaves her speechless in a nightclub when she should be furtive. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a television series. <br /> <br /> And nobody helps writing. When the trade union mafia is going to send a "girl B" to the Philippines, someone informs her that she only has to learn a few words of Spanish. "I only know one word," she says, "Yes. Yes." The writers have not trusted the audience to know that "yes" in Spanish means "yes." The plot is clumsy and has holes. Keith visits a witness in his apartment at a nightclub. He goes in the door and has a gun stuck in his back by an Yegg, but he mocks the heavy ones and knocks him down. Then he orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scene, which unfolds to some extent in the nightclub below, forgets the police and never appears, nor does anyone expect them. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people can enjoy it, but there are similar things, better done, in other places.
