A group of hunters track a werewolf, kill him, decapitate him and then sell his head to Dr. Atwill (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid flew into his face during a laboratory explosion, is the unlucky recipient of the werewolf's eyeballs. It takes a while to get to the first full moon, so first we get a tender love story between Rich and his compassionate nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she takes off her clothes and begins to ride Rich on the bed before he even has a chance to remove the bandages. After a month in the hospital, Rich returns to his home with the frozen wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately says "You look pretty ugly" before leaving with his Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not only a bitch, but a wimpy adulterer who has had an affair with his supposed friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and Rich finds himself in a difficult situation as he transforms himself into a werewolf creature (very foolish looking). There is a predictable carnage. <br /> <br /> After tearing Craig's throat on a beach, Rich wakes up in the brush the next morning with his tattered clothes and vague memories of the night's events. He befriends Andros (Kurt Levi), psychic / dwarf occult expert, and is harassed by both the local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and the lesbian police, a detective in a pair of pants, Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). When Rich confronts Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic bald man Kass (Eric Mestressat), who receives a kick of dismemberment of corpses with a machete in the clinic, after him. With the help of Sondra, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to his house and basically rapes him on the couch during a sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Can Rich control his lycanthropy or find a cure before claiming more victims? <br /> <br /> Shot at a low cost with a camcorder, this homemade werewolf movie has a somewhat unique premise with the angle of eye transplantation, but trots cliche after cliché otherwise. The sets are at the sub pornographic level; the clinical scenes seem to have been filmed inside someone's house or apartment. The wolf's transformation scenes do not even look as good as the time-lapse photography used in the 1940s. Instead, they employ uneven editing. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw a little more in. Cut. More hair ... and it fills his mouth full of white debris that he can spit. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fading, it does not dissolve, nothing. It is quite careless. Once completely transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and filmed the movie) is pretty horrible. He has the bright red eyes of a Christmas light bulb, a fur that looks like a long-haired rug and a plastic face that is almost completely immobile. There are several times you can see the camera's fingers in front of the camera lens, and the moon really stays full five nights in a row? As far as the cast is concerned, they are amateurs, but tolerable. And when it comes to horror films B, there are worse out there. This has a pretty good pace, lasts only 70 minutes and provides a lot of red material during the attack scenes, as well as the mentioned T & A of Mrs. Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to handle the digital video wave when he began to dominate the low-budget independent and low-budget horror genre scene. end of the 90s. Many of his notoriously horrible productions were released by Brain Damage Films, a label to avoid as the plague for the most part. The type of Fx Jeff Leroy (listed as co-director here on IMDb, but not on the actual credits of the film) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make it much more fun and polished. WEREWOLF holding film in a WOMEN'S PRISON in 2006, which had a creature of similar appearance on display (bright red eyes and all).
