This adaptation, like 1949 * The Heiress *, is based on the Henry James novel. * The Heiress *, starring Olivia de Havilland, is still a well-respected work, although less faithful to the original story of James than this new remake, which retains the original title of James. It is the story of an uncomfortable and loving daughter (Leigh), dedicated to her father (Finney) after her mother dies during childbirth. The arrogant father does not have his daughter in any esteem, and considers her, as well as all women, simple. When a young man (Chaplin) of good family and little fortune comes courting, the Father is naturally suspicious, but being so sure that his daughter can not interest any man, he is convinced that the young man is a fortune-hunter and forbids him to see it. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? Does the majority love or hate it? and she always has a particular nervousness and tension in her style, as if she were acting with clenched teeth. She is not bad at this, and she handles her role relatively skillfully. it's just an uncomfortable role for any actress, which makes the public want to grab the character by the shoulders and shake it until it regains their senses. Although the character is very nice, it is not particularly nice. The very handsome and immensely attractive Ben Chaplin (seen earlier in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery necessary for the public to guess if he is after his fortune or if he is really in love with her. . Maggie Smith is one of the best live actresses and raises the level of the film considerably with her interpretation of the well-intentioned aunt. Finney is wonderful, of course, like the father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for her disobedience, but the daughter is willing to take a risk for the man she loves. But his ardent suitor still loves her without his fortune? This is just one instance where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another instance is the ability to continue with it. It is a beautiful film that is as tedious as a dripping tap, offering very little story in a long film.
