The 1909 short film by Edwin Porter entitled "The Great Train Robbery" appears on the screen with such excitement and ingenuity that one prepares to be dragged by another pioneer film. Like "The Journey to the Moon" by Melies, critics have considered it as the film that introduced the Western genre in modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. It had everything from planning, the actual train robbery, the murder of an unwanted civilian, and the final scene looming, does it make you realize that these villains are a business? Everything was monumental for its time. From here to Eastwood, every western filmmaker has used Porter's image in one way or another to create his own story. You can not say that this movie did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but outside of his initial enthusiasm? There really is nothing to hold onto. Maybe I'm tired of cliché modern westerns and their casual messages, but how can it be something cliché before being cliché? For me, "The big train robbery" seemed forced, impossible to track and nothing surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Thieves change the course of a train, steal it, then shoot people randomly just to prove they are the real villains, and the final scene ends like any predestined movie, with no surprises or faults, and that imminent man with a weapon in his hand. Proverbial face It's bland Porter's movie is boring. In the edition that I saw, there was a color addition near the end to emphasize the emotion, which felt cheap and was not encouraging for the filmmaker, nor for the viewer. The problem remains that, while it is important, Porter's film has been borrowed time and time again, in fact it has been diluted. History itself does not carry the emotional potency it once has. Unlike the first Melies movie, I can not see this again. I know what has happened, I know there is very little of what is behind the scenes, and that, finally, is it exactly what has been proposed? a simple story that goes from point A to point B to point C. This problem is not only my complaint with this film, but also the most important element that can be seen in such an old movie. Although it was boring, the fact that it told such a strong narrative? That our characters were characters with motives and units, was outstanding to see. In an era in which non-fiction movies seemed to be the mainstream, this broke the mold. Again, is not it that I'm getting into the prophetic car of this movie? Is it an important movie? It just is not a great movie. <br /> <br /> In general, I was eager to participate in this film to see where the roots of the Western genre were sown, but I was just as happy to leave this film behind. Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Anderson obviously had a lot of success in the created field, but he just was not impressed by the movie. I did not expect big budget effects like Melies' work, nor did I expect a duplicate of "A trip to the moon," but I did want to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt that Porter played it safe, if you can say it with such an early movie, but I could not feel the emotion while our villains did their bad deeds. I was not encouraging anyone, and the final conclusion showed that the pettiness of that had disappeared minutes after the movie started. It was pioneering, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" has lost its space in the movie time capsule. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
