Before commenting on this movie that I just saw on YouTube, I must admit that the reason I checked it out was to see something I saw for the first time in the television commercials in 1980: the neckline of Barbara Bach. And since the film received a grade of R, I expected to see it naked. Unfortunately, there are no dice for her or for the other gorgeous actress who appeared here: Stacey Nelkin, who is supposed to be a teenager, but was actually 20 years old when she did this. Seeing her in a bra and panties and later in a belly dancer attire was as exciting as Mrs. Bach. They provide some of the scattered laughter that this film provides. In fact, I do not blame Ron Leibman for removing his name from the credits, since his role as Liceman is quite embarrassing, although I liked the "seduction" scene he did with Ms. Nelkin. This is also the debut of Ralph Macchio, who is the loner among the misfits sent to an academy school. The others are a black boy who really loves his stepmother and Mrs. Bach, an Arab who loves motor oil, and the son of a politician who loves his girlfriend Candy (the character of Nelkin) who is at risk. to sneak out in the middle of the night. in the girls academy. Among the cast of cast, Tom Poston plays a swishy character called Sisson that I found partly amusing. With a script by Tom Patchett and Jay Tarses and the direction of Robert Downey Sr. (whose son Robert Downey Jr. has a cameo at the beginning of a football scene), Up the Academy is uneven with politically incorrect humor, but unless that is really offended by the eschatological and sexual content, this is actually a fairly harmless comedy that Mad Magazine and its trademark, the boy Alfred E. Newman, should not be ashamed even though they once took their name and character of the image ... .PD Another of the "misfits" was Harry Teinowitz, who was born in my hometown of Chicago, Illinois. He played like Rodney Ververgaert. It also says one of my favorite phrases: "I'm trying to get there".
