Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for the ratings. Beginning with the cancellation of Samurai Jack, the network seemed decidedly to eliminate all the programs that made it so popular, like the Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When the ratings began to plummet, CN began to put quite mediocre shows. While Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder are distinguished by their ingenious writing and tricks to please the audience, there are many other programs that can be terrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or the scam of other programs, such as The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, where the title character acts as Spongebob, and then there is Johnny Test, which is a kind of replacement for the Dexter Lab, although it is much more of a scam than anything else. <br /> <br /> The characters in the show are clearly derived from Dexter's Lab, only this time the focus is on Johnny, a blond (or hot-haired) character who torments his twin sisters, Susan and Mary , who could only look like Dexter, from orange hair to glasses, impossible technology. There is even a rival genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and the talking dog, one of Dexter's ... I mean, the first experiments of Susan and Mary. <br /> <br /> Dexter's Lab was probably one of the best television cartoons, with its singles, but an effective art style, an adorable main character and episodes that do not seem to be a long obstacle. Johnny Test is very different. The artistic style here is not so pleasing to the eye. In fact, it looks absolutely horrible. The characters have motivations that make them really annoying or repulsive. Like most episodes in the series are the search for Johnny and Dookie to wreak havoc on the neighborhood girl Sissy, whom Johnny secretly enjoys, or the twins' obsession with a boy next door. See these two geniuses faint at the sight of your abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you would NEVER want to associate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing is the series The great feats in his name are that Johnny is the guinea pig of Susan and Mary for their experiments. These range from turning Johnny into fat, ugly, monstrous and even a woman. The twins then help Johnny with whatever plan he is planning in exchange for his services. Every time there is an episode that involves this kind of "win / win" agreement, it usually melts into what it seems and those that do not completely get off the rails never finish satisfactorily. <br /> <br /> The writing varies from mediocre to awful, however. The "fat" episode repeats constantly "It is Phat with a PH, there is a difference, you know". that is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode seems to PROMOTE childhood obesity, with Johnny becoming a famous star with money and video games just to get fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the program does not work Do not completely tear Dexter's lab. The program includes many characters, of two men in black called Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all his problems to be solved through Johnny and his sisters, and MANY of super villains, although even here, the program again steals ideas for other sources, such as a clone of Mr. Freeze, an evil cat with a butler who wants cats to rule over man (like the evil Powerpuff Girls cat), a clumsy intellectual author, a trio 'types' of the evil skaters and even a mole man, who is probably the most cliché villain in the media. <br /> <br /> To top it off, along with its ugly animation and its unpleasant characters, the voice can be Passable (like the voices of Mr. Black and Mr. White) to just pee (Johnny, Dookie and almost all villains of the show). The song seems to be the only catchy part of this program, but then it was remade only a few episodes with a band that ruined it. <br /> <br /> So in the end, Johnny Test is not a good choice. Cartoon. Their ugly references and jokes about teenage culture will dismantle the interest of young children in the show, while their bright color, scammed characters and episodes of drag will ruin the experience for teens. It's just another one of those shitty shows that Cartoon Network is overdoing to fool people into watching (like MTV to rap). If you need a program that satisfies your children for half an hour, it is better that you stay with Spongebob, because Johnny Test is more a "test" of patience than anything else.
