There are no reasons to take this documentary seriously and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbian or of Serbian origin, therefore Neutrality criteria fail. For example, they mentioned that the Croatians of the diaspora (the so-called "Ustase") played a very important role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there were also equal Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For those who are not familiar with the history of the Second World War in the Balkans: the so-called Serbian "Cetniks" described in the documentary was so kind that it helped the British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's only half the truth. They were also a fascist group (monarch) that collaborated with the Germans, but then changed sides when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that the cetnik leader Mihajlovic is not mentioned in the documentary, a man who is responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me distrust a little. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the people interviewed are totally unknown to me. And I have studied this war for a long time (who is the British old lady? She has not really done her homework!) And they do not even show up by name, so they could be more or less someone, maybe someone they took of the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs have lived there for a long time and, therefore, should belong to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention the part of Croatia dominated by the Serbs (Krajina), suddenly, the Serbs are portrayed of how they have the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Well, but what people do not know is that the largest city of Krajina (Knin) has great historical significance for Croats. It was there that one of the most celebrated kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, and therefore the city has historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is that fair? It seems to me double the moral of the director. In addition, in the documentary it is said that the Croatian Constitution did not have laws on the rights of minorities, this is a lie because it was one of the first laws implemented BY the fact that Croatia had a large Serbian minority. <Br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader named Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They were accused of being a huge reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not also mention Serbian radical paramilitary leaders like Seselj and Arkan? The failures are so many that I only presented some of them, just so that people get a general view of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the guts to criticize the Serbs because they feared that their Serbian relatives would slap them or something. There are not many documentaries out there that are of good quality, but the best one so far is "The Death of Yugoslavia", where all the important participants of the war are interviewed (for example, Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic). etc.) and where you get a full explanation of 5 hours about the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment in this documentary in which the person was frustrated for the reason that the United States provided support to a country (Bosnia) that had connections with Bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents and since the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (previously they were called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something other than nationality to raise the spirit among the people, and that was connecting them to the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they took help from the mujahidin because no one else would support them. They had to fight against the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people during the war. History has shown us that.
