This is easily the worst Presley vehicle of all time, which would bring us closer to the worst movie ever made. It's noticeably worse than even the disgusting song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It Happened at the World Fair", and here I thought at that moment when Elvis buys all the seller's balloons for his girl, and then the balloon seller gets Jiggy to the music band was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be surpassed. Usually, I enjoy Elvis's random movie, if for no other reason than the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to sit in it. This, however, should be called "Live a Little, Wish You Were Dead a Little," and make "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially an independent hippie photographer, except for the Establishment's hairstyle. After a fun morning of reckless driving, he ends up on the beach where he is kidnapped by a woman whose name changes depending on the scene and who is speaking to her. Clearly, Michele Carey was selected because of her resemblance and her ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if she had seen this without my glasses, I would have thought it was Liz, at the end of the 1960s, the female protagonist). He stops his dog in Elvis until he runs to the water and catches a suitable pneumonia in the movie, then keeps him doped out of consciousness on his beach pad for so long that he loses his job and his apartment, so she moves his stuff to his house before waking up without even telling him (the public does not know either, until Elvis tries to get back to work and his boss has beaten him for no reason, except that he deserves it for making this movie, and tries to go home and find something odious woman in a slip that lives in your house). <br /> <br /> Instead of being arrested for kidnapping, robbery and assault, she goes out and gets two jobs to pay back the rent Miss Crazy Pants had to request. By stealing all your belongings. Work one is working for Don Porter in a Playboy type magazine, work two is up working for Rudy Vallee in a snobby fashion magazine. I think the combination of two jobs is supposed to be comedy, too bad it's not funny at all, unless you laugh the hundredth time you saw someone going up and down stairs in quick motion with silly music. The predominant obstacle that keeps Greg from falling in love with his kidnapper is his other love interest, the dreadful and unpleasant Dick Sargent (let's be honest, whether Porter or Vallee, even considering their advanced ages in 1968, would have made much more credible competitors). for Miss Crazy's affections). <br /> <br /> There are a variety of twists and turns of little interest and little fun, I kept waiting for something to happen, something that makes all of this make sense. Never did The entertainment totals approximately three minutes and is composed of Elvis' rendition of "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on a CD without this painful movie they inflicted on me) and a funny five-second excerpt where Elvis is left Falling on the couch and Crazy Pants Apparently, he has dismantled it so it falls apart when it lands on it. That's it, friends, broken furniture, the only laugh in this whole movie. No amount of clothing, music or decoration of the sixties can save this stink and should be avoided at all costs. Seeing this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the audience towards self-infliction of serious bodily harm.
