Finally the day has come to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's destiny as a murderer, the fruition of her character and the last attempt to introduce me to the world that swept without mercy during the first saga. <br /> <br /> That's the most poetic thing I'll get from talking about Azumi 2: Death or love, because when I cringed at the heavy sentimentality of the House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto interpreting to a blood murderer, after seeing Azumi. 2 I began to appreciate the shortcomings mentioned above more than ever. <br /> <br /> Not only does the determination of each killer feel slow and boring, but many important elements of the whole experience are also omitted. In Azumi 1 we saw the killers use several stealth tactics (which is their number one priority) as well as logic to make their brands' easy work with quick executions and faster abilities to escape. But I will not insist too much on this film, because this time the story is slightly modified and there are many more obstacles in the way of Azumi to avoid reaching the warlord and showing signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is stupidly archived for most of the movie and is basically playing an attenuated version of Go Go, without the cool weapon and sense of threat. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the end. Blow that is the action, simply disguised in the title as the 'Death' side of the epic. In the first half of the film we see the debut of many promising adversaries with striking looks and even more eye-catching weapons. To no one's surprise, they find their end in one way or another, but the film falls short when each of them begins to die too quickly and too easily. In Azumi 1, the young assassins surpassed the opposition with fast but somewhat satisfying battles, and the final confrontation between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the fights in Azumi 2 was at least a climax and it was worth it. Some interesting effects were introduced, but they could not achieve innovation due to the shortage of each meeting. I'm not in any way knocking down the conventional style of samurai movies with their fast and realistic battles, but the characters in both of Azumi's films were so imaginative and straight out of the anime that the rules could have been broken and the action should have been enriched yet. plus. br /> <br /> The romantic side of Azumi is there to complete the time between the fight scenes and, unfortunately, in the end it has no purpose or provides a much needed resolution. <br /> <br /> As an open-minded fan for a wide variety of movies and animations, I will not lie and I will admit my neutrality and my lack of impression towards the first Azumi movie, but I will go ahead and say that after watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look like an impeccable masterpiece. For what it's worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone directly to the video, with its invisibly richer budget and a failed potential to add or even extend the bumpy ride of desperate assassins, doing everything possible to reset peace, with an unwavering courage to die trying.
