I thought that the movie (especially the plot) needs a lot of work. The elements of the film remain westernized and fail to attempt to produce an oriental sensation in the film. I will give three of the film's many flaws: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that she would help her study the history of China, I was very happy that the audience received some information about Chinese history ; but it turns out that the movie did not exactly show Wendy really studying Chinese history; however, on the other hand, the film only shows Wendy practicing the method of remembering what she had studied, which frustrated me and left me dismayed. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what really bothered me was how the characters kept mentioning moon cakes. - The moon does it and the moon knows it and how well it knows. However, they did not really mention the true meaning of this. The only ones who talked about having any relevance to the moon cake was the Autumn Festival, which they did not explain or deepen. They could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake: the Lady of the Moon. The myth begins with how once there were ten suns and each one would turn up, but one day the ten suns rose, drying the earth with the intense heat that rose; so the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, shot nine of the ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions where the Hou Yi shot at eight of the nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given the immortality pill so he could live forever in case the ten suns rise again, but his wife, Chang-O, stole it. After stealing it, he fled to the moon, where he met a hare. Then an idea occurred to him and he told the hare to hit the pill in many pieces so that he could distribute the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are some variations of this story, but throughout my childhood, I, most of the time, heard about this version). I thought that details like this would make the plot more oriented towards Chinese culture. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would highlight is the last battle scene in the movie. The masters who were possessed by the monks fought against the Terracotta Warriors (the royal statues of the soldiers) opposed the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. The Terracotta Warriors serve as a connection to China's past and were very Westernized (where evil must be killed in any way possible) that the monks in the movies were willing to destroy that connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, considering that she is Chinese-American and does not have full Chinese knowledge, would not have trouble destroying these invaluable artifacts. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was westernized because it seemed like all the monks And what Shen wants to do is fight ... I mean, he's rated TVPG because of the violence, which goes against the thinking of Confucius about cooperation and harmony. It would seem more accurate for monks to try to avoid violence and try to resolve things peacefully before having to resort to violence. <br /> <br /> In general, all or any of the producers, writers or directors. He did not do his research thoroughly and did a messy and effortless job instead. I would suggest that they stop broadcasting this film or that they re-record the film to contain more accurate information; however, I would give it credit (2 stars) for eliminating a stereotype of Asians and Asian-Americans being smart and quiet.
