I realize that living in the Western Plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a movie apparently "made for television"? In addition, women's rights were still in the making in this nation during this time, therefore, find an independent woman determined to start again in this harsh territory and show the realism of the era? Would it be a good vision? Sincerely I dont know. I've thought about this movie for the past two days, and it still seems like I can not muster the strength to say it was a horrible movie, but I can honestly tell you that it was not the best I've ever seen. From several hodgepodge styles of acting, to two actors who do not match playing devoid of emotion character, to some of the most terrifying PG rated scenes to ever get out of the 70's film finale, it's hard to get a good grasp of Heartland entirely. It was good? It was bad? You may have to see it and decide for yourself, but until then, here are moments that I enjoyed and hated desperately! <br /> <br /> This movie is still a fight in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director was doing or in what direction I was going, but somehow it still seemed to work well in general. I thought that the story as a whole was a very interesting historical tale. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie captured that image in my mind. The idea of ​​very cold winters, without neighbors for miles and miles, and this Polaroid-skire view untouched by American corporations. It was refreshing to witness and purely impressive experience (even television). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind, like the scene of the cattle brand, the scene of the sacrifice of pigs and the sad farm that did not survive his trip, which only brought a real sense of realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job of taking the view of Wyoming to the spectators, but I'm not sure there are decent players to accompany the view. <br /> <br /> Although I will always congratulate the setting of this film, I had trouble dealing with the actors who apparently walked on the set and read their lines on the cards on the side. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow finds a connection to Elinore Randall of Conchata Ferrell. Both as actors have no chemistry at all. Their scenes they share together are meaningless and, honestly, they lack any emotion. The pregnancy scene almost got me in trouble because of the way these two "veteran" actors interpreted it. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the girl out of it, while Clyde makes a gesture of approval when it ends. This is Love? Was it supposed to be love? I do not know, I think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell, he felt like two actors simply playing their roles. Other scenes that seemed to fight in my mind were ones like when the frozen horse "hits" the door of food and lodging, the constant discoloration and growing compassion that Clyde had for the daughter of Elinore (I did not believe it), the lack of a real winter fight, and the whole terrestrial scene. The earth scene, especially because he needed more explanation about what Elinore was doing, why he was doing it, and why Clyde would build a house for him if they were married. It was these simple events that, if we had taken the time to explore, would have contributed to a more solid film. <br /> <br /> In general, I will go halfway with this feature. There were definitely elements that should have been explored more deeply, such as the relationship between these two strangers and the final objectives of Elinore, but they were counteracted by some beautiful scenes from our nation. These panoramic scenes that, over the course of 100 years, have changed from vast mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some bright scenes of realism (starring cattle and pigs), I felt we needed more. Depth was a key element that was lacking in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal performance and a diminishing history. Pearce could have gone deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open gaps and clichés of Western characters. Ferrell took his, but Torn was completely out of place. Decent for a visit, but I will not be picked up by me again. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
