The detective of Joseph L. Mankiewicz did not need a remake. It is a very well made movie that stays well until today. However, since the modern remake machine is currently in full development; I really can not say that I am surprised to see the film updated for the modern audience. The plot is still identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who is going to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, to talk about divorce, since the younger man has a adventure with the wife of the older man From there, a game of cat and mouse is produced. It is clear from the beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and he does so through the central location, which has been changed from the charming original country house to a technical marvel. Out with layers of security equipment. I'm glad that the director has chosen to make this change, since nobody wants to see a new version that directly copies the original; In addition, there is the fact that the location is well used and is always pleasing to the eye. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original film lasted more than two hours, while this new version is only a shadow of more than eighty minutes. Naturally, therefore, that means that this version has less of that; And unfortunately it is the characters who suffer. The plot is also hurried and we enter the first turn of the story too quickly and before we have the opportunity to really understand why and how these events can take place. The film does not build the characters, or the relationship between them, enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. One important thing that has changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original I was obsessed with the games that were VERY important once the turns came into play. Here is a kind of security fetish that really means nothing at the end. Kenneth Branagh's handling of the film allows a classy score, but the class ends there. The original prospered in him, but this film is happy to simply get dirty with explosions on numerous occasions, and mostly unjustified; That cheapens the whole thing. The final twist in the story is completely different from how it was in the original and ensures that the film comes down to a really horrible conclusion. After spending two hours with the original, I understood, respected and liked the two characters presented in the film; After eighty minutes of this, I hated them both. I respect Branagh for not just releasing a carbon copy of the original film; But this is not a good adaptation of the great work of Anthony Shaffer.
