Harold Pinter rewrites Anthony Schaeffer's classic work about a man who goes to visit his lover's husband and everything is done on his side. The original film was starring Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine has the role of Olivier in this version and is paired with Jude Law. Here the film is directed by Kenneth Branaugh. <br /> <br /> The performance is spectacular. Both Caine and Law are gang members in their respective roles. I really like chemistry and the clash of personalities. It's wonderful and a good reason to see when the direction of the script goes crazy. <br /> <br /> Harold Pinter's dialogue is clear and sharp and often very witty and I understand why he was chosen to rewrite the work (which is updated to make use of surveillance cameras and the like). The problem is that the way the script moves the characters is horrible. Michale Caine walks Law through his strange modern house with sliding doors and panels for no good reason. Conversations happen repeatedly in different places. I know that Pinter has done it in his works, but in this case it becomes tedious. Why do we need the couple to repeat again and again the fact that Law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It would be good if at some point the law said enough that we have done this, but it does not act as if it were the first time every time. The script also does not move Caine through his manipulation of the Law so well. For starters, he is blindly angry to start, so he has no chance to turn around and scare us. (It does not matter a late revelation in the game that makes you wonder why it bothered you) In the original we never suspect what was happening. Here we do it and, although it gives an advantage, it also feels false in some way, as it is so clear that we are forced to ask ourselves why Law's Milo does not see what is being prepared. There are some other cases, but saying more would give too much. <br /> <br /> Thinking about the film in hindsight, I think it's a movie of missed opportunities and mistakes. The wasted opportunities are the opportunity to have better fireworks between Caine and Law. Missteps in that the choice of a striking environment and strange changes in the plot take away the creation of a tension and a credible thriller. Instead, we get an intelligent dialogue and excellent performances in a movie that does not allow them to be real. <br /> <br /> Despite some great presentations and witty dialogue, this is only 4 out of 10 because the rest of the script just does not work
