It's been almost ten years since I've seen one of the last two sequels of "Phantasm", probably because I still remember vividly that they are not very good. Being recognized to this day, I am still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought I would go back and experience the "final chapters" again. The third part is definitely the worst in the series, since it obviously takes itself less seriously and throws a lot of confusing things that do not make much sense ... Once again, starting right where the previous movie left us, Reggie saves Mike from The Tall Man who swears to come back for him later, but things are not safe for long when they run into Jody, who is inexplicably able to take the shape of a sphere. Apparently, his man is held prisoner by the tall man, so Mike is dragged into the sinister Netherworld and Reg has to find him ... On the way, he meets a ten-year-old boy and a nun. wielding a black girl named Rocky who assists him throughout his journey. <br /> <br /> There is really nothing memorable in "Phantasm III" apart from how stupid and energetically "humorous" it tries to be. Only one positive aspect that did not even help the film was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who resumed their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they practically make appearances ... Reggie Banister she is back in her leading role, but her clumsy and ill-loving attitude makes her presence too annoying to please her. Angus Scrimm also did not seem at all "in" his role. He talks too much here and it is not at all threatening and creepy in contrast to the "extravagance" to which the film seems to resort carelessly. The opinion of most people about this film seems quite impassive and tends to think that "it is still entertaining". Maybe I'm a great nit collector but I could not get into this. I remember that I did not like it when I was a child and after seeing it again, I can say for sure, nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with his legendary ghostly, low-budget ghost movie, which I still consider my favorite horror movie and his respectable sequel kept things moving and in a surreal and GORY way, but "The Lord of the Dead" " (stupid title) just seemed too hurried and slapped me ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrappy Doo !!), was a strong indication that Coscarelli was running out ideas and seeing how far I could get to the franchise ... <br /> <br /> So, it's a "Ghost" movie with very little blood, nudes and four-barreled cannons. Do I need to say more?
