* Contains some spoilers * This movie is a corny horror of the 80s in all its horror. The plot takes too long to take off, it never stabilizes, and then it just crashes 40 minutes into the movie. There are some special moments for zombie fans, but there are not enough zombies to create a real sense of terror. <br /> <br /> Zombies also take a long time to make their appearance. First, there is a whole half of a movie about gangs and prison gangs. The hero of the film is a former Vietnam veteran who is trapped in the mafia. The head of the main mafia prepares him and he goes to jail. In this prison, they are experimenting with the prisoners to find a way to cure them of homicidal tendencies and criminal behavior. But the chief scientist / psychologist of the bad psychologist has other plans in mind. He wants to use a slightly different version of the serum to make ... da da da .... super soldiers! After some infected prisoners kill a few guards and most of the prison has a round of infected communion wine, the mad military / scientist says "hey, this could be a problem" and calls the scientific genius turned journalist investigator hot babe ultra-well-known character of independent woman, who of course invented the original serum. She goes to the prison to see what is happening, the military guy calls some SWAT teams from his safe position outside the prison, and the hero type takes care of the few prisoners with a heart of gold when a riot breaks out. The hero boy and the scientific lady / journalist come together to find a cure, save the warden's children and deal with some furious prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the Mafia boss has made a deal to enter the prison in order to save his imprisoned brother. The military is preparing to blow up the place, and everyone inside is rushing to find a way out. <br /> <br /> There are many bloody scenes in which people die when pressed or dragged through prison bars. There is also a spooky decapitation scene and an electrocution scene involving the same infected Rasta prisoner. Even so, the most disturbing scene is found in the first part of the film, when a corrupt coarse violates a prisoner. <br /> <br /> The main highlight of this movie is a scene towards the end. The hero, the woman and the children are trying to reach the only escape route. Their path takes them to a long corridor, on one side there is a wall and on the other there are prison bars. Hundreds of bloody hands of zombies spread out, adorning their hair and faces as they pass by. There are also some good scenes from the classic "zombie couple chewing dead bodies" and "many zombies that smash a guy". <br /> <br /> In general, it's worth seeing if you're investigating the zombie. genre, since it has so many zombie clichés that it's worth noting; It is practically an instruction manual on what not to do when a zombie movie is made. But if you're new to zombie movies and want a real scare, you should look elsewhere.
