When a man who does not have Alzheimer's can not remember how many movies he's made, he's probably the most prolific director in the world, after all. That man is Jesus Franco, the king of the so-called 'eurotrash'. His 1980 film Devil Hunter is so hasty, opaque, stupid, lazy and exploitative in the true sense of the word (the title of the film is deceptive, to begin with) like any other Franco film I've seen. That makes it sound pretty horrible, and it's ... However, Franco has some kind of inimitable sensitivity, a generous way with the outrageously scandalous, with nudity, sleaze and violence, and even with his stupid cheap edition that deals to level. The extreme haste with which all his films were made. The mixture of all these elements makes you leave your movies, even while you are waiting for them to finish because they are very tedious. <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter is almost incomprehensible for the first time half an hour. The kidnapping by unknown persons of a white woman who seems to be a model or a movie star is interspersed with a lot of native action in South America. There are a lot of naked twists, dances and endless zooming in on an ugly totem. You must get used to the repetitive approaches and the technique of trimming to it takes about three times in a row immediately, since these are Franco's main methods to extend a movie to the length of the movie. <br /> <br /> The monster that looks like the totem is actually a little scary. It has insect eyes in the flesh and its presence is always marked on the soundtrack by cacophonous moans, apparently recorded in an echo chamber. At the beginning of the piece, he chews on a native lady tied to a tree, and it's hard to know what really happens here, but I think he ate his stomach (or his genitals, sweet Jesus!). <br /> <br /> Anyway, the adventure begins properly when a studly boy and his Vietnam veteran friend get scared and are sent to the island to retrieve the white girl from the kidnappers. The flakey guy has an accent that, as a nickname, is half American from Brooklyn, half English, Jewish from the liver and all retarded. All dialogue and dubbing are ridiculous and ridiculous, creating another layer of the film that can somehow keep your interest. <br /> <br /> Actually, it does not happen much from now on, and it happens quite slow, studded with the strange indignation like a rape. The nebulous action takes shape (haha!) In acres of 360 degree nudity of the natives and the two female protagonists, and even of the monster itself. The fact that he walks with his penis exposed makes fighting an unattractive possibility for the hero of the tough guy, but it must be done at some point, and it's good to keep in mind that the director will show anyone's genitals in the camera. <br /> <br /> The best feature of Devil Hunter is filming the location. Franco can be extremely cheap with the structural aspects and the history of cinema, but he does not entertain himself with the sets. You get real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all in widescreen. This is something that is really great to experience in these days of games and computer background backgrounds (CGI) fucking. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, the issues of recommendation in regards to this movie seem to be debatable. If you're trying to watch all the Video Nasties, you'll have to see this at some point, and you'll be as restless as I am. If you like Franco, you'll see this anyway. If you do not fall into any of the above categories, chances are you will never encounter this movie. The copies are not only there, and I can hardly recommend your search. Frank Franco is lazy, crazy.
