I do not know what it is with these Brady kids. First, Barry Williams publicly boasts of having a sexual relationship with his television sister, Maureen McCormick, and then dating his television mother, Florence Hederson. Then, Susan (Cindy) Olsen makes music for a lot of porn movies. Then Mike (Bobby) Lookinland gets in trouble for drunk driving. Finally, Maureen (Marcia) McCormick and Eve (Jan) Plum might have had a little same-sex adventure on one side. Now, Christopher (Peter) Knight is chased by a beautiful young model in his first 20 years during his time in "The Surreal Life", which at first was fun to watch, and now they are married and in a very volatile and hostile. . The last episode, in which she posed for a lot of nude photographs with another naked girl for a scrapbook to give to Christopher for her birthday, was not a good move on his part. And he handled it in a very mature way, just lifting and going out to clear his head. I think he was always bowing to all his needs and now he is finally taking a position. And I hate to say it, but I think she mistreats him verbally. The way he was torturing him for an engagement ring and the way he groomed him for every little thing. He also talks openly about having adventures with other women and it is obvious that he still sleeps with men and women, which is not something that a respected human being should do when he is already married to someone. If it were a man who talked to his wife like that and went out every night partying and having sex with other people, everyone would meet behind his wife to leave him. Why should it be different? What started as a little boy in love in another reality show became a big disaster. Adrianne, as beautiful as she is, is like another Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan, who clearly needs some therapy because she cries like a baby for so many nonsense. I'm sorry for her, but Chris needs to get rid of her, because he's a good man who can not afford to be humiliated in this way.
