When a movie does not have less than FIVE different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the movie has major flaws somewhere. Necromancy has major flaws and is very bad. I saw the video version called Disciples of Rosemary. Yes, I'm sure it differs from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that, by any means, it's any other version and the few more minutes I could have, it's going to be really better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film begins when Laurie wakes up and her husband takes her to a city where she has a new job in a toy factory for occultists (yes, she gets so bad so early!). The city is called Lillith and has a guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure that only those selected by the "owner" of the city are allowed. Soon we find that all those who live in Lillith are sorcerers and all follow the directives of Mr. Cato, the head of this municipal coven that wants to recover his dead son (hence the name of Necromancy). The people of the city do witch-like things: perform ceremonies, some like to wear the head of a goat, and promiscuity abounds (not much is really shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is portrayed in a robust way by the non-conformist of the film, figuratively and literally bigger than life, Orson Welles. Welles is misused, but, make no mistake, he is the best in this movie. And that's really the saddest part of Necromancy, since Welles offers a pretty poor pedestrian performance with little directional guidance. In a party scene, director Bert I Gordon returns to Welles watching the action of the party using exactly the same frames! It seemed ridiculous. Like the scene that was repeatedly seen over and over again from a woman's arm centered in revolving flames after a car accident. It looked like the arm of a store mannequin. The story is never fully used, because we never really know what happens: many scenes are recorded as dreams or hallucinations and are never confirmed. This also applies to the cheesy, hokey ending. The protagonist, Pamela Franklin, is pert, pretty and has some talent. Apart from his performance, the real selections of the rest of the cast are without Welles. The direction and the history were made by Gordon, who obviously had little fuel in the engine. This is not a good movie by any means under any name.
