To begin and for the record, the term "Necromancy" describes the art of black magic to revive the dead and NOT, in any way, is related to having sex with corpses. That's called necrophilia and, yes, I know it's an obvious difference, but I already get a lot of comments from acquaintances and relatives that I have a perverted taste in the movies! This film is the complete opposite of perverted or sordid, in fact, and simply qualifies as boring, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one of the top five rankings, namely, the list of the most incoherent films ever made! Now, director Bert I. Gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces (in his repertoire there are titles like "Earth vs. the Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods") but he really got over here with a I totally senseless, redundant and absolutely absurd about witchcraft and small secret towns. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing her baby being born dead, Lori and her husband Frank moved to the quiet little town of Lillith, where Frank was suddenly offered a prominent job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the patriarch and the "owner" of the town, Mr. Cato, who behaves in a very intrusive and mysterious way. That's another thing. How can someone "own" a city and everyone in it? Either way, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a sorcerer and Mr. Cato exclusively attracted her to the city because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to revive his deceased son and is prepared to make whatever human sacrifice is necessary. Honestly I do not see the point of the whole movie. Is it a blatant robbery of "Rosemary's Baby"? Even one of the alternative titles is "Disciples of Rosemary"? but the script is confusing and imbecile beyond belief. Why can no one have children while Cato's son is still dead? That is really selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead? "Necromancy" definitely contains some really strange and atmospheric moments, but these are done unjustifiably either by complete coincidence or by a total lack of budget. Grainy photography gives the film a strange feel and the pieces seem cheap enough to be creepy. The performance of Orson Welles? Without a doubt the lowest point of his career. It's unfortunate, and it's still the best aspect of the whole movie.
