The only previous film of Gordon that I had seen was the adventure for children THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed this shortly after with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); However, he seems to be best remembered for his sci-fi work of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I came across this at a DVD rental store: would not I have noticed the unmistakable figure by Orson Welles? in the manga, I probably would not even bother to do it, since I know the movie with its original title, NECROMANCIA! I had seen something of that in an old tome of horror of my father: the presence of the actor in a film about diabolism seemed like a great idea that could not be missed, but the final result, especially in this bastard edition, is a disaster! Honestly, I felt sorry for Welles, who seems bored and, more than in his deep and authoritative voice, murmurs the demonic invocations and almost in whispers! <br /> <br /> The plot is, basically, another retread of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a couple is invited to a remote community on false pretexts and soon discover themselves surrounded by diabolists. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, ostensibly has supernatural powers (transmitted by her mother, who appears intermittently throughout the process to warn her, although, delivered in an intense way through clenched teeth, the discourses of the latter end up being great incoherent measure and the source of immense hilarity every time it appears!) and is expected to resuscitate the late young son of Welles from the dead! For what it's worth, Franklin, a regular genre, since his debut in THE INNOCENTS (1961), is not bad in his role (which requires some nudity and experiences several semi-disturbing hallucinations during the course of the film); The husband Michael Ontkean, however, is not up to the challenge of his character John Cassavetes. Some of the other girls also look good, especially Lee Purcell, whose belated decision to help Franklin escape from the city finally proves his downfall. <br /> <br /> The events reach a climax in an incredibly confusing climax, which the satanists finally see turn towards Franklin and make her take the place of the child revived in the coffin (that's gratitude for you!). While the added scenes stand out (the hilarious opening ceremony and other possible erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would still have been poor without them; On the other hand, this particular version is further affected by the added electronic score, which is totally inappropriate and extremely cheesy.
