When I was a teenager, I liked everything about Bigfoot: I read the books and followed the informed sightings. As a more jaded adult, I have largely renounced the big man now, but I do not mind watching a strange movie when I meet one. This had some strengths, mainly, the recreations of two of Bigfoot's most famous encounters: the Ape Canyon incident of 1924 and the Bauman incident of c.1850 as related to and by Teddy Roosevelt, both of which I am somewhat familiar with that youthful reading that I did. The film assumes that both incidents involved a sasquatch, while both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the recreations were well made. It also pays tribute to the beginning of the film to the famous video of Patterson, who again takes for granted its authenticity. The sasquatch encounter at the end of the film was also very well done and had a very creepy feeling, since the sasquatch was represented mainly in the shadows or as furry feet that passed by the terrified men. Unfortunately, altogether those four things could have composed about 20 minutes, while the movie as a whole is a little more than an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> It is the fictional story (done in a documentary style) of an Expedition to a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, to the presumed distribution area of ​​the sasquatch. A computer pointed to this area based on the sightings and, in one of the funniest scenes in the film, the computer also used "eyewitness sightings" to draw an image of a sasquatch that looked exactly like the "creature" of Patterson's video! Apart from the 20 minutes that I mentioned, we basically observed the trip of this expedition, which means that we can see a group of boys on a long camping trip. I've been on camping trips with the guys. Let me tell you that you have never been worthy of a movie. Among the long stretches of boredom are some nice wildlife shots (although one suspects that canned material was used, or maybe even captive animals that behave like wild animals) and there are some spectacular scenery shots, except that the scenery does not It's from the British north. Columbia, is from the national parks of Oregon. <br /> <br /> I appreciated that we never got a real picture of the sasquatch, so we did not have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10
