IT COULD CONTAIN SPOILERS ... I'm surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest ... I really am. All I saw was a propaganda film that moved slowly and did not have much to say. (Note to myself: check the qualification of the peloton here). This movie was so black and white ... Americans are good ... anyone, either evil or useless. I suppose that the British troops were destined to be SAS (one of the most elitist units in the world with which they would most agree), they lost 3 men and the others fled, while the American troops that were not even the elite soldiers in the sense of the fight remained firm and opened a can of shouting shouts against the evil Iraqis. Aye dead strings in the mind. The only good thing I have to say about this movie was in this sense when the sniper got the man out of SAS ... a flash from a distance, a good used noise ... very well done, but the rest ... What am I here 10 years old? Well, I'm not, and I can see meaningless propaganda in a movie, and this movie has it. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Ah, yes, and in general, the madman can not stay at home with his wife and young son ... he does not have to sign up for another year to fight a lie No sense of a war! Why ... because young people need emotions or something apparently. Like saying that I am surprised by the high rating of this movie I really am. <br /> <br /> P.S. I'm not hating the United States. I am hating the message of this film that it seems that it does not even want to face the problems of an illegal war (in my opinion) that is fine, because clearly there are people who think it is a just war. for any reason messy (I wanted to say something else, but censored), but that depends on them. But to produce such a unilateral film as if it were black and white ... good v evil is lazy and treats me like a child. In war there is a lot of gray and there are two (sometimes more) sides that believe in what they fight for. It is not the war of the galaxies with something dark, unlike the candy. For the sake of Hollywood, sometimes you really get people to drink cups ... then again, 7.8 ... well, maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I'm glad to have downloaded this movie to tell you all that for nothing. ;)
