Like an Ayn Rand of recent days, Bigelow is the great macho in his description in the film of a few American men trapped in Iraq that deactivate the bombs placed on the roads by the ruthless and relentless Arab terrorists murdering children. When Bigelow postulates the war in Iraq as the backdrop to the great stage of human drama, a veteran bomb expert explodes and another appears to replace him in the dusty, hot and ugly rubble that is Iraq, and a new hero is born . <br /> <br /> The new boy is what John Hershey described in his book, and later in the movie, The War Lover, as a sadistic wing wing that is not really fit for civilian life, and it requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and repress his wandering sexual desires. The lover of war can only function fully in war, the time of peace chokes him. While Hershey reprimanded the war lover, (played in the movie by Steve McQueen in one of his best roles), Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs lovers of war, they are the bulwark of the defense against our enemies. We can not handle the truth, that lovers of war are the best soldiers, the hardest men. According to the unironic Bigelow, normal men are pussies, the war lover is a special breed, the last of the cowboys. So, what if he wants to take off his men or caress an Iraqi boy? It is a throwback to the cult of the war of sex and death. In war, sex is a type of masculine union without graces, without love, without asking, without saying. Bigelow has no opinion on this; she only limits the options of masculinity in this attempt at realism. Only a lover of war can win the moral struggle between good and evil, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow disguises his racism and arrogance behind the ingenious facade of journalism. She is just another gung-ho yahoo that represents a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and his relentless clichés again and again, until the end. : the wonderful world of the open border, which turns out to be someone else's country. ("You can shoot people here," says one soldier); the hard but human companion of the black man, the soldier with a premonition of death, the abrupt, possibly the mad commanding officer, the college-educated fool who tries to make friends with the enemy. Whatever it is, Bigelow resurrects it. <br /> <br /> The man-child love is palpable in scenes with the cute Arab boy who befriends the war lover, but Bigelow plays him directly; She does not consume sex, she only disinfects it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly and mocking face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not evil is demented, hostile or has no value, anyway. Everyone deserves to die for their imprudence, and many of them do it in this glib-fest glib festival. The Iraqi women are all hysterical, they just make their presence known by screaming. They could be acrobatic men in sight, as far as I know, you never see their faces. There is no female presence at all in the base or in the battle, although the casualty rates in Iraq will certainly refute it. <br /> <br /> Bigelow reviews all the movements one by one. She glorifies war, canonizes the sadistic hero of the mad. The cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman Indians, prove their worth by doing the work of God and submitting to the unhappy hell infested with terrorists with absolute bravado and suicidal mania. Towards the end, I felt like encouraging the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, no compassion or understanding succeeds. Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The massacre of civilians is only the dramatic backdrop of our hero's psycho-sexual struggle. Every bullet from the United States finds its mark. You have to love the boy, the lover of war. It's just his way, he's the real hero. He's just a guy who tries to do things the hard way, and what if he likes the tang guy on the side.
