The line is more fun in England, where, far from Vixen's native America, the word "Fanny" has a completely new meaning. Unfortunately, it is the only laugh you will get in this terrible sexual comedy that is neither sexy nor funny. <br /> <br /> Strangely unfunny with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who covets her own brother, but rejects her black friend while making derogatory comments about watermelons. As revenge, he asks her if she would go with a Shetland pony. There is also reference to "doing it with monkeys". Does Gavin's ability to shake and tremble with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch only compare to his lack of appeal for his seduction dance? What implies a bonfire and a haddock. Personally, I preferred the haddock. <br /> <br /> By '68, this was a fairly domestic affair, and contradicts the controversy that attracted at that time. One character claims to be "drugged," although he is only in bourbon, and for one of the original "X" certificates, there are no frontal nudes. Only six years later, we would have Timmy Lea and her Confessions, but here we have to cope with topless shots. Only Gavin's final seduction of his own brother really shocks. Another activity for Vixen is where she helps solve sexual problems between a married couple at bedtime with both. The two women clearly do not enjoy representing their scene together, and make a poor effort to disguise it. After Vixen raises her disharmony, the romantic husband concludes from his wife: "I guess she'll take it into account! <br /> <br /> The only segment that is almost worth it involves an unusual discussion about Cuban communism seems out of place with the rest of the film, although it is spliced ​​with images of Gavin's breasts to tie him to continuity.This leads to a vague stance against Vietnam, which is commendable, although it is dropped in the midst of a film so frivolous that it seems trivial and insensitive, not to say absolutely tasteless .. Incidentally, Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page who played Captain Trunk in the funny comedy Sledge Hammer, takes charge of the possible communist Niles Brooke! The page must be embarrassed by its later catalog (which also includes Meyer's Beyond The Valley of the Dolls), although Meyer's apologists would have him believe that the terrible dialogue, the misinterpretation , careless management and editing are not only part of the charm, but they are totally intentional. As a defense, it can not contain water. <br /> <br /> Incidental music irritating? A cross between the melodies that play in the advertisements of movie restaurants and the muzak that TV stations use when the transmission breaks down? it is omnipresent and intrusive; while even silly camera angles, inclined by fans can not generate interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women have been "asking for it", black men? or "shine"? they are not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely abysmal
