The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating movie to watch. Enragedly enigmatic, he treats each shot as a work of art. It gives the impression that the composition of each shot has been designed and prepared with a degree of exquisite care that borders on obsession; Expressing the extent to which cinema has advanced since the beginning of the first films in the 19th century and imitating its construction, the camera here almost never moves. Apart from during the camp and colorful musical numbers. Ambient noise is reduced to a minimum and hardly a word is spoken. This curious but effective device forces the audience to focus their attention only on visual stimuli, so that even as the story progresses at a pace similar to that of a snail, we feel immersed. Unfortunately, at least for me, this dive begins to fall apart somewhere around the time. I began to feel that the movie was challenging me to keep watching as it got harder as the minutes dragged by, so the mere act of seeing became a battle of wills. <br /> <br /> The content of this movie was not being as sexual as it is, it would certainly be even darker for Western audiences. As it stands, there is a lot of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse in an unconscious (or possibly dead) woman who is so disgusting that, while she can say a lot about the degradation to which pornography subjects both men and women, Women (users and the used) are so jealous in the way they choose to make their point to effectively make it ineffective. Of course, the worst and most enthusiastic participants of the explosion in the available pornographic content will search for this movie for all the wrong reasons and they will see it with their sticky finger on the fast forward button of the remote control. <br /> <br /> Despite all its problems, the film is definitely a person who stays, and the more you think about it, the more sense its aspects have. Ironically, for a movie in which so little happens, the viewer will probably be proportionally rewarded by watching a second or even a third time. For me, however, was it ever enough?
