The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most prized books, but in this animated adaptation magic simply does not exist. This version is still fairly true to Dahl's original story, so you can not blame John Hambley's script. In any case, the flaw lies in the colorless animation, the lethargic rhythm and the general lackluster voices. It would be right to expect this story to become a happy, vibrant and fun-filled film ... instead, the film is a totally boring affair that becomes quite tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should read the book first! All that the film will achieve is to stop reading what is really a classic for children. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a not very friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One afternoon, she looks out the window when she sees a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street. The figure realizes that she has been seen, so she looks out the window and pulls Sophie out of her bed, placing her in her huge pocket before fleeing into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a Giant Country giant, and fears that she will eat it. But to his relief, he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his kind who introduces himself as the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, instead of limiting themselves to unpleasant-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, Giant Country is populated by many other giants who make a banquet, every night, as it happens, in the poor unsuspecting humans. Sophie and the BFG become great friends, and soon they come up with a plan to foil the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) with their extraordinary story and ask her to send the army and the air force to fight against the man-eating giants. The Queen agrees and begins a dangerous operation to capture the giant giants before they can harm anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason expresses the BFG quite well (one of the few advantages of the film), but his good work is almost ruined by the poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly, the BFG is the only character that is animated in an imaginative way: Sophie lacks attractiveness and the giants are boringly designed (and seem almost indistinguishable from each other). Even the places are not very innovative; The giant country, in particular, falls short, since it is nothing more than a barren desert with rocks and occasional canyons. At 88 minutes, the film is not exactly long, but it crawls quite a bit in some parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences. Little of Dahl's mischievous humor is transmitted successfully. One of the chapters of the book is about the love of BFG for "whizzpopping" (farts) and it's very funny. In the movie, the same section is totally murdered by an ungraceful handling. I came to The BFG expecting a lot of enthusiasm, fun and fun, but what I got was almost the opposite! This is a failed power-up error that simply does not match the caliber of the book in any department; unfortunately, therefore, you must go down to jump.
