This successful 1970 film has not aged well, but, frankly, it was not as good when it was released. However, it was a hugely popular success perhaps because the idea of ​​fatalistic young love should have attracted audiences saturated by the constant television coverage of the Vietnam War. The plot is pure nonsense, as it concerns Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player, who knows and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonistic student of Vassar's music who is proud of her origin in the working class. His old school father naturally disapproves of Jenny, and in a typical act of rebellion, that means that the young couple gets married in one of those impromptu ceremonies of the hippie era. He gets the job of his dreams in New York, but she gets sick unexpectedly and dies of his terminal illness. Director Arthur Hiller shows contemporary filmmaking techniques, but none of that can hide the old-fashioned, cliché-based story. The inevitable end left me particularly impassive. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw became stars with this film as Oliver and Jenny, but in an inexplicable way, since neither of them seems capable of transmitting the depth or complexity required to make Your convincing characters. At least, child O'Neal is sincere in his weakly challenging approach, but MacGraw is so cunning and smiling in his behavior that it is difficult to see what Oliver sees in Jenny beyond his sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before finding the decapitated racehorse in his bed in "The Godfather") performs better as Jenny's panny baker, Phil, as does Ray Milland as Barrett's seemingly insensitive paterfamilia. The overly familiar music of Frances Lai has almost become a parody of herself over the years. The print quality on the DVD is good, although the only extra is a pretty effusive hint from Hiller. The most interesting thing about the trivia is that the author Erich Segal (in whose book this film is based) conceived Oliver as a mixture between two roommates at Harvard that he knew. Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who has a small role in the film as one of Oliver's roommates.
