The twisted takes the issue of Pinocchio and is established during the Christmas season (after the previous entry left the ties with Christmas), toys with explosive traps are sent to kill a child (.. Still, other victims are accidentally damaged in the process) perhaps by the "son" of a toy manufacturer. Screaming Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (including a larva that enters through the mouth of a victim and through his eye, another where soldier's toys shoot real bullets at a babysitter after his boyfriend was practically strangled by a toy hand cut, operating from a remote control). The small target is a mute boy named Derek (William Thorne) whose stepfather was killed by a red ball with outstretched arms that trap his face, leading him to land in a poker fireplace. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about the mental state of her son, realizing her reluctance to open gifts or, more importantly, talk, stems from observing the horrific murder of her husband. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears for his son's safety, and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that the local toy maker, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney), was once arrested for placing traps in toys to harm children to the loss of an unborn child when his wife died in a car accident ... a kind of retaliation by saying that if he could not have a child, others should not either. Being a heavy drinker (often seen taking Jack), Petto seems to have put aside his feelings towards the children, but his creepy son Pino (Brian Bremer) has not done so and Derek has anguish. Why? Soon you will understand. <br /> <br /> Special effects quite disappointing and a pretty ridiculous premise. The name of Rooney adds a charm to the film, gaining notoriety, but his histrionics can only help a lot. The attractive main actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim since the man who comes back into his life are not so bad, but it is difficult to take seriously the scant plan that develops. I guess that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this ... he has no room to take his character to someone other than rage and despair, quite volatile, barely stays together while it explodes In anger towards Pine, when it is not drinking liquor. Bremer is appropriately strange and "robotic" like Pine, longing to have Sarah as his mother. The practical effects used during the attacks on the victims are not convincing ... Scanning the work of Mad George with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than we see in this film. The sex that everyone talks about is not as free as many would make you believe (... I can not even remember any nudity). Probably the best of the numerous sequels lit up, but that is not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure that written on a piece of paper, this was an entertaining concept, the idea of ​​impersonating Pinocchio with elements of horror, but the result does not leave you amazed.
