Okay, all right, it could be hard to include a man's life in one movie. Traditionally, therefore, biopics focus on one or two significant parts in the subject's life. Now, Byron was a partner of "My week exceeds your year", which makes the selection of parts that are representative even more difficult. Moreover, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, man's life itself must be considered in its entirety. Lifting parts not only does not show the whole image, but it shows a completely different image. <br /> <br /> Now, in summary, my review boils down to this: supposedly, Byron was in fact "my week exceeds your year". "prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that, in fact, he did more in his 15 or more years active than most in a lifetime." It is true that he had setbacks and was a victim of time and the social environment in which he lived, But in the end, this guy is supposed to be the prototype whose life we ​​all want to take, right? Well, at no time did I want to live the life represented in this movie. more or less, it was more or less), but more importantly not to see the point on a flat plot. <br /> <br /> A little more detail ... Well, to simplify things further, a biography of Byron should have two different episodes: 1. Later trip to Europe: England and his rise to fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad Now, the important thing is that the SECOND part should be at least as important as the first Not only was it much longer, but the most significant change in Byron took place Then, it is also where he created his best works (Don Juan, the Vision of Judgment, etc., all the things that make him * really * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, in this film (a) Byron's life never appears even as a remote entertainment, (b) it only gets worse * after he leaves England. They did two good jobs: first, they began their return from their trip to Europe (although a little more of the actual trip would have been welcome as a prologue), second, they chose an angle and chose their incestuous love for Augusta (who is pretty well cast) . The problem with the latter is that they never let it go. It is true that Byron remained strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but, especially for being such a changeable person, the fact that his letters reflect that does not mean that at other times he has not enjoyed life completely. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the first part of the TV movie should have ended with him leaving England. No doubt about that. The thing is: once abroad, he began a life of debauchery (with the infamous Geneva period), but in Italy, Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), and in Venice , as for himself when he met the Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (then, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he was also * liberated *. His mind and life were opened (and not only in the decadent sense), while England closed even more by falling into the gravitational force of the Victorian era. It is true that liberty did not have Augusta, but this bittersweet freedom has a sour taste in this film. We see a lonely and boring aging snob. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought much about his poetry, except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! Apart from the poetic and romantic developments, his relationship with Shelly (and the break) should have been more documented. In addition, it is in Italy in Ravenna where he gets involved with politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important, as it shows that Childe Harold's decadent language and romantic, and ultimately escapist, persona is becoming the most realistic and lighthearted passion of Don Juan's language and persona. Life and work are one. It's true, still a little naive, but that's what brought him to Greece! And everything was completed in Pisa, where the revolutionary spirit of Shelley lit the spark even more. Missolonghi was not the bored snob suddenly looking for some action. It was the ideas in Italy (Gambas) that led him to action. It can be a symbol for the man looking for a bit of battle emotion in the old style, while the rest of Europe looks at the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not just that, there was a real inspiration behind that. Meanwhile, Byron wrote large amounts of don Juan. It is true that its end is a bit sad, but it is not as if it was exhausted. ESA is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had strong emotional ties (2: Augusta and Teresa), but EVERY time he managed to really reinvent himself. Which means that he was not "less" at the end of his life; no, I had made a physical and mental JOURNEY that, at that time, few people were prepared to do. <br /> <br /> I wonder. . Why is it that the second period in Byron's life is so often overlooked? Because he had less obvious conflicts, since the man was finally reaching his own? By focusing our attention on the frustrated years of England charged with scandals, we showed ourselves not to be much better than the English aristocracy at that time, which Byron despised and that, despite the fact that he had no other choice, he * voluntarily * Fled in 1816, to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to allow him to find the voice that would make him the first romantic poet of plain language and evolve from a self-obsessed snob to a passionate man who moves forward with a cause.
