Only once would I like to see a version of Beowulf where it seems that the writers have at least a passing familiarity with the original poem. Once again, after watching this science fiction presentation, I am disappointed. <br /> <br /> I am not suggesting that the writers have to understand and analyze the poem in old English, but I would like them to at least try to read a modern English translation and try to build a story based on what actually transpires The story is exciting enough; Why add elements of the plot that do not exist and ruin the story? What's wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; Why introduce a super crossbow that is incredible and could not have existed in this period of time (as correctly stated by the previous critic)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel That's. Nobody else participated in the battle. The only way Beowulf could have defeated him was by specifically choosing to attack the unarmed monster, the mistake made by all the previous challengers. However, in this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf cuts Grendel's arm with a sword! Once again, why could not they portray what really happened? Personally, I think a confrontation between two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a pathetic and abysmal description that is unfaithful to the true story. Why add a pact with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother that includes a sacrificial offering? Why create extra characters, like Finn, that add nothing to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even establish the scenes in the appropriate places (a forest instead of the swamp and no lairs under the lake). Do not you realize the metaphor that means Grendel's lair? It is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not focus on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year could do immensely better when they created a short film based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and symbolism that underlie the story. If Hollywood could create a film that focuses on these elements and is true to the plot, then that would be a great movie.
