Where to start? Anachronism? High cross-arc technology with a range in about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A Grendel monster that looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the guns fired or thrown at it? The heart ripped from its victim's chest without any sense of contact? Possibly the blonde who would fit into a recent fashion show with her makeup and streaked hair? The old Danish court represented in classical Greek style? The queen played by Marina Sirtis, more saved by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that do not matter to them or even benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about the characters that seem to jump into their attitudes without motivation? A brave idiot prince whose house has already been ravaged more than once by the monster Grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent from afar from the land of the Geats to help the desperate Danes. In this he feels more like an old Western cowboy than any kind of myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an old story from an era with almost no literary tradition and much of its feeling and drama is obscure. I suspect that any modern narrative that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the darkness must fail. He did not love the recent "Beowulf and Grendel," who see Grendel as essentially human and see Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as a well-justified revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position of that the Danes of Hrothgar a group of male males who never understood, even after it was over, that they had taken this nightmare, and therefore, the original Beowulf story, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the true story. I think there is a more complex meaning to understand, but this terrible "Grendel" secret that Grendel's attacks are linked to the previous human sacrifice does not bring us closer to the shame experienced by Hrothgar and the Danes. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend it as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but I always hope that a poor effort will attract the attention of someone who is prepared to tell the story intelligently. Meanwhile, the creation of Sci-Fi movies seems to be following NASA's policy that it is better to build many probes that fail than a few that succeed.
