The Sanguisuga Conducts the Dance, or The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance as I believe it is their common English title, is set in 'Ireland' in '1902', where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) invites to leave soon. from the theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three more of her classmates, who will soon be out of work, actress such as Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani). Castle is located on a small island near the coast. At first, Evelyn is reluctant, but is convinced when she remembers that the hand of stage Samuel (Leo Valeriano) also advances. Once there, Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather cut off the heads of their cheating wives with a ceremonial knife and there is a sense of uneasiness when it turns out that Evelyn looks EXACTLY the same as the wife of the current Earl. that did not escape too long ago ... Besides having to worry about rare servants, it turns out that someone wants to use the knife themselves to cut some heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and complete shit from start to finish. First things first, let's start the critique with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, let's examine that title because, when I do, I feel somewhat cheated because there is no vampire or any way to suck blood at all, nobody "drives" anything . at any time and there certainly is no dancing or dancing, so do not expect any of this. However, what you should expect is a little nonsense, boring and boring, that takes more than an hour before someone is killed and that all kinds of murder mystery begin to take shape, the first hour of Sanguisuga Conducts the Dance is like a plot less and without interest like nothing out there. The best way to imagine it is to think about the most boring soft-core porn movie you've ever seen, then cut out most of the soft-core porn movie and that just leaves the bad actors, the bad dub, the bad dialogue, a little bit of soft sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing more. Yes, it really is that bad. The mysterious elements are garbage, people do illogical things for no apparent reason and the end of 'turn' too complicated is as bad as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999) is not! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does a good job and La Sanguisga Conducts Dance actually looks good despite his low budget, I mean there are scenes in which he shows a "storm" in the outside of the castle. black White! So the film jumps from bright color to black and white every time it cuts the storm and re-coloring again. There is an absolutely hilarious scene in which a maid and her friend discuss their breasts and she lets her friend feel full of compliments, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is priceless and it is the best moment for the film, even if the bad porn of the 70s would be embarrassed by the dialogue! There are minimal nudes and sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget about blood or blood, since there is nothing apart from a decapitated head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films are quite good, the design of the period and the design of the time are quite impressive, although it does not have a huge scope. the work sufficiently effective. The film has a good sense of color and cinematography is fine. The film is dubbed, so it is difficult to give an opinion on the original performances, but the actors of the voice are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> The Sanguisuga Conducts Dance is a terrible movie, it makes no sense, it has practically no history for more than an hour, it has possibly the most deceptive title in history and it is really boring and boring with a confused stupid 'turn' end. As for the fans of Euro horror, there are many better movies than this, so do not waste your time, as for any other person, definitely, this is one of the best. Note of trivia: the notorious (and forbidden in the United Kingdom) Nazi exploitation / horror Horrifying Experiments of the SS Last Days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella and has a rather important role as Detective police in La Sanguisuga Conducts the Dance.
