This "intelligent" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And while I assume the original movie was pretty bad, it got a little worse when American-International Films cut the movie into pieces and inserted US-made segments to fool the audience. Now, unless your audience is made up of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this was done, and it was done with little delicacy or interest in the final product. The conclusion is that you have many clearly Japanese scenes and then clearly American scenes where the film looks very different. In addition, the American scenes really do not make sense and consist of two different groups of people in meetings that only speak of Gamera: the evil flying turtle! And although it is a monster that spits fire, flies and is destructive, there is practically no energy because I assume that the actors were simply ashamed to be in this miserable film, in particular, the film veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. Both looked tired and uncomfortable to be there. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the monster, it is not a creature similar to the Godzilla. Seeing a turtle with giant fangs retract its head and limbs and start spinning in the air like a missile is very funny. On the other hand, the crappy aircraft models, the destructible balsa buildings and the power plant are, as always, in this movie and are not a surprise. It also includes a strange cliché from the Japanese monster movie that frankly will annoy most of the non-Japanese members of the audience, and that is the "adorable and precocious child who loves the monster and believes in it". Yeah sure. Well, like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and in many other movies, you have this annoying madness that animates the monster, although unlike the later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is NOT a good person and in the end it turns out that the child is Only an idiot! Silly, exceptionally poor special effects that could be improved by the average of seven years, bad acting, nonsensical American clips and, sometimes, horrifying voice-overs make this a miserable movie. Interestingly, although most will surely hate this movie (and that stupid child), there is a small and very vocal minority who loves these films and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them, this is a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> For your information - Apparently, due to his presence on stage, Gamera appeared in several more films in the 60s, as well as in some recent incarnations. None of these changes the central fact that he is a flying turtle that breathes fire or that the movies are very, very bad.
