Now we travel to a parallel universe where the appearance of gigantic prehistoric monsters that flatten the cities is part of the daily routine. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind, a strange world, and one of them was made even stranger by the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Always in the shadow of monolithic Toho Studios, the second step Daiei Studios was more famous for the samurai sagas than for the monster movies. In the mid-1960s they decided to join the giant reptile race and designed a series of rival monsters for the hit Godzilla de Toho. They wisely chose Gamera as their flagship: a giant tortoise that fires flames between its hooked teeth, and spins through the air by firing flames through the holes in the feet of its carapace (and at one point you can almost see that the paper mache shell burns!). <br /> <br /> Gamera's first film "Gamera The Invincible" (as it was sold to the US) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years ago. The American fighters chase an unmarked plane over the Arctic to its fierce disappearance: the nuclear bomb on board ignites and awakens the giant Gamera from its icy drowsiness. Feeding on atomic energy, it immediately goes wild, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection with the giant tortoise and even keeps a miniature version in an aquarium . Beside her bed, Gamera believes that she is essentially kind and benevolent. It's like a little Jewish boy with a Hitler pinup. "Gamera is a GOOD tortoise," he pleads, then gets angry, and puts on a face like someone poops on his coconut sticks. Miraculously, the leaders of the world listen to it, and thus Z-Plan begins to save the world and Gamera from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Launched in 1965, Gamera was a surprising blow. The annoying childhood anthropomorphism actually worked in children's audiences in both Japan and the US. And the vision of Gamera on two feet stepping on miniatures from Tokyo and the North Pole is gloriously inaccurate. Most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films, plus a series of recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is doing an eight-year milquetoast, and if I hear "Gamera is friends with ALL the children" once again, I'm going to crush Tokyo. What seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where children are smart and turtles are bigger than a Seiko poster in the 1965 Turtle Gamera-fest.
