With the growing popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as with any successful film event, there will inevitably be a multitude of imitators who will try to capitalize on the success of the great lizard. With Godzilla came the dawn of a growing popularity of the kaiju (giant monster) genre. Many sought success; a few won it. One of the few that not only benefited, but also gained popularity, was Gamera, a giant turtle that could inhale and shoot and fly spitting flames from the cavities of its shell as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was promoted as a friend to all children, then fought against other monsters to save children in danger, and thus Gamera became very popular among children. Unfortunately, that is the only general audience to which the original Gamera series will have any appeal. While the new Gamera films directed by Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful and revolutionary monster movies, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> Gamera's first film, titled in Japan as "The giant monster Gamera" was clearly a Godzilla wish. Although the film was produced in the era of color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla movie of the fifties. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I do not know much about the Japanese version, because of the version I know, the Americanized version, where scenes were cut and new images were inserted with American actors (is it coincidence that the same thing happened with the first Godzilla movie?) Now if this adds or remove from the movie, I can not say. But "Gammera the Invincible" is really nothing more than a nightmare that only advances like the big turtle. <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine oriented movie. The characters are from a series of science fiction standards, the story is inanimate, the monster has no real motive for attacking civilization, the acting is ridiculous, and so on. The only thing that differentiates it from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie, but that is also a detractor, since the plan that finally stops Gamera's uproar is completely false and ridiculous. Now, the rest of the movie and many other entries in this genre also fit that description, but this is a terribly heavy monster movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko would later transform Gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy In the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive presence on screen. I was not afraid or sympathetic. He simply walks around like a small child, swaying with each step, and hits the miniature games. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera except one child (Yoshio Uchida, who was lazily left out of the credits although he plays a 'central role') who thinks that Gamera is a good turtle. <br /> <br /> Most films in the genre of which "Gammera the Invincible" is part of them are easy targets to criticize and this is subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera movie is not a particularly good entry. And in regards to my cinematic experience, the rest of the movies in the series are just as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera would be filmed in color and fight against monsters. And like Godzilla, it would become cheaper and cheaper with each movie until the time came to relive the series and make it serious. <br /> <br /> It's peculiar. In general, I recommend people to continue with the originals and transmit the remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is the opposite. I recommend that people watch the 90s Gamer trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series unless he is interested. The new films are inventive, well done, exciting and, above all, fun. The original series is a long current of boredom.
