I was not really going to comment, but then I thought I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago and, although I think it's not a complete waste of time (although it could have been money, for the producers), it's obvious that it has serious problems. It has very good cinematography and (little but) good music. Much has been said about Ana Cristina Oliveira but, let's be honest, about what? She is not really an actress, but is permanently balanced between the excess of acting and the lack of absurd acting. His performance is good because there has never been anyone like Odete in any other movie: crazy? sad? childish? an imposter? Nobody knows, guys. So she's pretty good at dictating the rules here. <br /> <br /> I thought that this movie was also a good example of the problem that most Portuguese films suffer: the soundtrack. There is a permanent NO to dubbing and the result is this usual mass of noise that comes out of nowhere. People in other countries may think that Portugal is the noisiest place. What moved me, however, was that part of the dialogue was doubled but did not necessarily resolve the syndrome. The bad dubbing too, I must say. It is strange to see a movie in which the first thing that strikes me in the first scene, when the first character speaks, is that it is bent. And all this to say that the film has technical problems. <br /> <br /> He also has script problems. Try to be classic from the first to the last scene. There was a desperate fear of leaving things suspended and it shows. The writer was obviously trying to clarify everything and he does, but ... it shows! The whole dialogue is too expository and there is not a single piece of conversation that sounds like a movie line. Everything is a little raw and a little unpleasant. <br /> <br /> It's not that the movie is a total disaster, I must emphasize. I just think that the good parts are so obvious that I prefer to concentrate on the bad ones. <br /> <br /> The management gives little importance to the weak script. All the shots are classic and not innovative, but they are beautiful. Great work by Rui Poças, by the way. <br /> <br /> Now, what I think was THE problem, the one that prevents people from believing in this story and laughs throughout the movie instead of taking it seriously: the guy who plays the guy that GOD is obviously not an actor. Actually, it's a pretty important role and I can not see why the actors are not chosen for those parts. This boy is neither an actor nor a handsome man. Which means that the whole movie rolls down the mountain, because we never believe for a second that this beautiful woman is obsessed with him even though he's gone, and that his surviving lover is having a bad time to overcome the loss, when all What we see about this character is apathy. Too. The world is full of beautiful people who even happen to be good seductive lovers. The world is full of good actors who are also cute guys and capable of causing obsessions in people after they are gone. The world is full of great movies and also not so great movies. This is life!
