I tried. I really did it. I thought maybe, if I gave Joao Pedro Rodrigues another chance, he could enjoy his movie. I know that after seeing O GHOST I felt sick and almost upset to the core, but some of the reviews were pretty good and were in favor, so I said, "What the hell, at least you did not pay 10 dollars on the Quad. "<br /> <br /> Sometimes it's better to go to the dentist and ask for a root canal without previous anesthesia to relieve the horror of so much pain. I often wonder if it would not be better to go back to my childhood and demand that my old thugs really let me have it. On other occasions, I often think that the world is really flat and that if I get far enough away, not only will I get away from everything, but I will stay behind, and that something evil, the Lovecraftian will snatch me with its 9000 tentacles and squeeze the life - and some fries from 1995, still lingering inside my esophagus - outside of me. <br /> <br /> Is there any reason for Odete? I would say no, not at all ... just that maybe her Creator thought that writing a story centered on her madness (one that makes Alex Forrest look like Strawberry Shortcake) is not only scary, but she is completely sick of bones . In the first place, she decides to leave her current boyfriend (screaming hysterically) because she wants a son and he thinks they are too young. Later, she crashes at the funeral of a gay man and, for this, to be closer to him, she pretends to be pregnant while insinuating herself into the life of the mother and the lover of the dead man in the most unhealthy way. Oh, of course, she screams like a banshee and does not throw herself, but three good ones on her grave. And there is a ridiculous matter in which she progressively becomes "Pedro", which sums up an explanation as weak as tea's bad: that love does not know gender. Or something. <br /> <br /> I'd say she's as crazy as a can of cashews, without salt. But, again, so is the director. And me, for risking this. At least men look good. Apart from that ... there is not much more to see here.
