I have a serious problem with this show, several actually. A simple list will suffice for the moment, I will delve deeper into the subject: superficial characters, laughter and boring humor. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to see the rest of this, check it out and you're just reading it so you can feel superior (as if you saw something in this program that I did not see) to a teenager in Canada who gets angry a lot. I'll summarize it: friends stink, not only because it's not fun, but because it was destroyed. The television audiences for new and good programs (Arrested Development, Dexter, etc.). Friends is the culprit of reality shows, "Two And A Half Men" and "The King Of Queens" as television executives. Now, with the revision. <br /> <br /> These characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in all aspects (outside of gender and hair color). They react in the same way in boring situations and are completely safe in their own bodies. Where is the conflict and the humor that comes with it? Why is Rachel not dating Monica after Monica starts dating Rachel's enemy? Why does not Joey contemplate suicide because no one seems to take it seriously? Oh right, because he is the fool and he feels comfortable with that. This is the curse of having perfect characters: the lasting conflict and (for what God does not allow) the personality becomes an impossibility. <br /> <br /> The hint of laughter is the only thing that should have been extinguished right after birth. Any show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of fun. How can I make such a broad generalization? When a show that claims to be "comedy" requires the laughter of someone BEFORE THE AUDIENCE, it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. Laughter destroys humor by preventing rapid reappearances. Humor becomes a construction rather than an entity that flows freely (see The Office, Arrested Development). <br /> <br /> This leads to my next point: humor is boring. There is no way to make a perfect character more than a little humorous (without a hint of laughter apparently) simply because our daily humor comes from the recognition of our shortcomings. And what if Monica left at 17? She immediately recognizes that what she is doing is not right and breaks with him. There has to be some kind of conflict instead of an immediate solution. Maybe his mother finds out or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him. That would be great, it would be like a custody battle! So now I have provided proof for my position. Many of my friends love this program because they have not heard of Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development, many of my friends hate this program because they recently started to see Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development. <br /> <br /> I have seen very little of "Friends" in my life, but I have seen enough to detect huge flaws that make the show, in my opinion, completely impossible to see. If you've read this far, thank you, and I hope that at least you start to see some of the programs I mentioned.
