The Last Station, the melodrama of director Michael Hoffman about the last months of the life of Leo Tolstoy, begins with the fog and the dream. Tolstoi (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a complex in Yasnaya Polyana, walking and writing, and being seen by his wife and followers of his "movement", people dedicated to his ideas about pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and the community. Property that they have met in a forest camp not far away. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), openly fights with the head of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who claims that in his efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights of his works to the Russian people he is trying to steal wealth That the imminent death of their husbands is due. Watching all this is Tolstoy's new butler, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive supporter who is torn between his love for man and concern for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's script, which is based on the novel by Jay Parini, often becomes confusing territory, building a complex tangle of opaque threads and motivations that ultimately can not be solved in a way satisfactory. The scope of the film is great, and its history should resonate just like Tolstoy, whose beliefs prefigured in some way both the Bolsheviks and those of pacifists like Gandhi. Unfortunately it is not, it is impeccable, building with enthusiasm clashes that constantly creep into nothingness. The three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the unbeliever Tolstoy, for example, is often referred to. In the last section of the film, even a dumb priest with a magnificent hat appears, but the script never expands beyond inserting it uncomfortably into history as an attempt to enrich it or provide a certain appearance of historical accuracy. There are a lot of details in the film, but not enough attention is paid to most of them, and as a result, the movie feels crowded, overloaded, energetic but unfortunately it does not make sense. <br /> <br /> In his heart is love The story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and that story, as disconcerting and narrow as it is, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are, as expected, the best things in the movie. Plummer's Tolstoi is vague, at once confused and determined, apprehensive and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sofia is in a panic, in a fair joust, forced to look and is expected to be mute when her husband gives his time, his possessions and his money to people who are undoubtedly dedicated to him, but also clearly in possession of your own agendas. . These are great performances, all the more so considering the huge gap between the real importance of the couple's place in history and the ability of the script to support that, both Sophia and Tolstoy seem to participate in Mirren's film and Plummer alone. The best they can get out of how scarce is the material. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, are unable to do the same and Chertkov of Giamatti does not seem to be a revolutionary or a thief (and not both at the same time) but an encryption, a substitute for a whole package of unresolved anxieties and aborted historical impulses. The reach of this thing is never reduced to anything, it gets hooked, it survives with the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much else. It's interesting and beautiful, but ultimately, unrewarded. 4.5 / 10
