In contrast to my critical colleagues, I always try to find something that redeems in any movie I see. Yes, the quality of dubbing and lighting is lousy, the performance is wooden and the opening sequence is very deceiving with all those female lesbian vampires. with dripping blood. Something must be lost in the translation of the word "Bloodsucker" from the Italian in the title; almost as if the producers were originally going to film a tale of Gothic vampires and then change their minds but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening sequence, so I incorporated it into the film anyway. <br /> <br /> In 1975, it was recently aired on DVD and comes with its own theatrical trailer, which in some ways is more daring than the one seen in the film. Now, anyone who buys this movie probably already has read his synopsis and knows what to expect. in the mid-1970s. I bought it because I am attracted to Christa Nelli (most frequently credited as "Krista Nell"). The absence of a cast of characters seems more frustrating to me in many of these Eurosleaze films of the 60s and 70s. I expected Imdb to show the cast of characters while one listens to their names in the film, but without a list of actors, It is very difficult to link them with the actor in question. I think Krista Nell played "Cora", but under that huge hairdo, costume and makeup is hard to distinguish for sure. <br /> <br /> There is mostly a two-dimensional representation of the actors in their parts and nobody really stands out. Maybe something is lost in the dubbing process. What were the positive points? Well the music was atmospheric and, of course, if you like the beautiful soft lesbian porn, it is there. The external locations used were good and I would like to know where they filmed the castle on their island. It is supposed to be set in "Ireland" (North or the Republic?) In 1902, so everyone is dressed in period costumes. I found some of the scenes unintentionally funny, especially those sex scenes! Anyway, it was a nice romp. I rated it 4/10.
