This incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his classmates) who pilots a giant robot to defend Japan from invading beings called Angels. There is a very small explanation for angels or why their number has increased in recent times, and they seem to come off the air for no apparent reason (why not attack at the same time instead of at spaced intervals that are convenient for the humans you're trying to destroy?). Robot fight scenes attempt to employ a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost all the episodes seem like a waste of space in which nothing of interest happens. <br /> <br /> Some may be intrigued by the fanatics who mention the (very few) symbolic references in this document, but that is all they are: simple, shallow sentences to religious or philosophical concepts that are thrown randomly with zero crafts In general, the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, who in reality are no more than self-pitying criminals. Psychology is pathetic, with irremediably simplistic conflicts, such as "I hate my father", which is repeated over and over and over again without a progression beyond its nominal value. It is not underestimated to say that these characters submerge this series from the mediocrity that wastes time to the garbage that induces anger during the final episodes with its infinite diatribes of excessively repetitive psychobabras (some of which have no meaning). <br /> <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that this series got worse as it went. Every day I watched the DVD set sitting on the table in my living room and said to myself: "Damn, I have to watch the next episode at some point. (Sigh) I can go through another one tonight." The real problem was that the episodes lasted only 25 minutes, but somehow they could digress in a completely disinterested borefest in the first 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who will happily sit through 150 minute movies with a glacial rhythm, which is why my criticism of this series is most condemnatory. <br /> <br /> Never in my life have I despised seeing a series as much as "evangelion". I had already bought it based on all the fanatical comments in IMDb, and I certainly was not going to let it accumulate dust after spending my hard earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure and absolute torture. My love / hate relationship with the anime is turning into a hate / love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" represents everything anime should NOT be: large amounts of boring and pretentious nonsense under the guise of intelligent cinema. The universal acclaim of this piece of garbage is simply incredible; and the ridiculous claims of fans that this series as "one of humanity's greatest achievements" is probably the most amazing comment I've ever heard on IMDb, and I've seen some comments.
