From time to time I see something of this show because my wife sees it sometimes. I try to enjoy it because it is a basic idea that helps a family in need, but there are several factors that hinder me. Each episode follows the same format in which many parts seem totally scripted (which they are) and the tears seemingly flow at the right time. The attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional interruptions and sad music is a real blackout for me. The fact that everyone who donates something to the house, be it Sears or whoever, have to connect for being generous, is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with everything is that what must be a huge amount of money and a small army of workers combine to build a surprisingly exaggerated house for a single family. Now I know that this amount of money is just a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much more could be done for more people with the amount they are putting into a house? Instead of focusing on one family and making everyone cry during the episode, why not help 10 families and show the highlights? Is not life difficult enough for the average person? Why do I need help to find things to be sad about, why not show something really inspiring without being manipulative? I know that what is being done for these families is good, but they are also being used for the qualifications. You can not tell me they are not being trained sometimes about crying. I guess when I see these people moving into a home that most people who work hard in the US. UU They could not pay for their children, it really bothers me. I can not help thinking about what could really be done with a small portion of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV or a personal shower that tells you the temperature of the water and shoots out of the ceiling, why does not it help more people pay for food, clothing, education and health insurance? ? I know so we can be entertained and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same for Oprah. I do not believe that anyone can really conceive the amount of money they have. Yes, his recent reality show did good things, but when he gave $ 30,000 to each "losing competitor", I'm sitting here thinking ... that's a year's salary for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not make me start in game shows. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "doing good", but forgive me if I see it more as something that is delivered to myself. Is there someone out there who feels similar?
