This movie is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It's the same kind of silly religious nonsense that you get from those idiots who fight for Jesus, or who pump iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was totally dejected, he liked contact sports and he definitely owned a complete set of bells. DUHHH! This movie should have been titled "Walk for Jesus," or something just for the general public to know that the true intention of this film is to convert people to Christianity and please those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed. In the blood of the lamb. The fact that the title is derived from the Bible becomes clear when the head coach is reading his Bible and asking Jesus for help. The recent "Invincible" sports movie was 100 times more inspiring than it was, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was only the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. <br /> <br /> Any broad appeal like an inspiring sports movie is ultimately lost in the midst of all the brazen hits of the Bible and sacred religious propaganda. One has the impression that the only message is the only way he can succeed and make a positive gain if he accepts Jesus as his personal savior. But this is simply not true and, therefore, it is a lie perpetuated by those who believe it is true and want everyone else to believe it. The image of the winning athlete who thanks Jesus when he wins comes directly to mind. What do you do when you lose? Does he curse Jesus? Of course, no! When he loses Jesus he is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And logic goes round and round and ends exactly where the true believer needs it to be, every time! I had to pause when the scene came up with the coach receiving a new truck so I could stop rolling on the floor laughing at my ass and catch my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most so-called "Christians" seem to forget or ignore this message of their "savior", especially when I see a Jesus fish in the back of a huge truck full of gasoline that happens to me as if it were standing. . <br /> <br /> Another message that this film implies is that, apparently, Jesus cares more about the record of victories and defeats of a mediocre high school soccer team that makes about the millions of hungry children in the world. The final scene in which the insecure and insecure kicker kicks a 51-yard field goal and is touted as an incredibly incredible miracle puts me the last joke with a religious red flag spoon on this turkey. I only gave him three stars because the boy who played in the black coach could act.
