The other Christians have scolded me and despised me for expressing my disappointment with this movie. I am harassed by statements like these: "I can not believe you did not like it! It was totally done by Christians!" "Everyone donated their time and nobody paid for the movie! It made it a church and not Hollywood, we should spend our money on movies like this! They only used $ 100,000 to make the movie." "This is for a true church and Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed it." So, apparently, the reason I should love this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it, and that was done by Christians. That's all it takes for me to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I got the movie without knowing anything about the background of the movie. I had never heard of that and I had no idea, apart from football, what it was about. I saw it as I see any other movie and I was disappointed. I was disappointed by the terrible edition and the lame script. I was very disappointed with the resolution after the climax. Do not worry. There have been other cheap movies and other films that have been EXPENSIVELY made that have earned me less respect. It is not about the making of the movie. It is the final product. <br /> <br /> The writer recognizes that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray the way we want, but he wanted to prove it by having faith, God changes our lives. . That's true. However, God can change our lives and we are still infertile. God can change our lives and we do not get an increase in our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old jalopy. God can change our lives and our house is still stinky. Why did not you represent that in the movie? Others expressed concern to the writer / director about the issue, but apparently, he was on the defensive. <br /> <br /> I did not think the performance was horrible or in many of the shots of the landscape. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing his amazing power and weakness. <br /> <br /> The writing and the direction were very weak. It is easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). It seems that there was only one ball player who had the potential to have an interesting character and who cut himself into pieces in "I have a crippled father and I can not play football well, but I will even kick the winning field goal". although I never kicked a real field goal before. "Another problem was the Christian school itself Umm, I worked for two Christian schools, I went to one and had many nieces and nieces in other Christian schools. NONE of the problems I have seen in ALL these schools were addressed, I saw this as totally surreal in the film about their school and I wished I had shown the human factor It would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work. <br /> <br /> I will close by stating that each work, whether it is written or drawn or played on an instrument, shares the artist's world view.The vision of the world that was shown to me in this film consists of " People who pray the right way win ball games, get new cars, conceive when they can not, get a raise and fix their house, all in a short time. "I know, I should LOVE the movie simply because of the sincerity of the people who made it, I think I would love the film because it was well made and for no other reason.
