I saw this movie in a group of young people, where my intuitive youth leader and his wife spit it out. Then, an adult couple at a church-related Christmas party cheated and gave a copy of this movie to each of the families present, and now my home is stuck with the movie (although fortunately it still remains in its packaging) . I cried bitter tears for these sad events, and here's why: First of all: this movie has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This movie tries to show that you must put your faith in God and that it will improve your life. It's not so bad, right? Eh It turns out to be a problem, a big one. This film was made by a church, so, of course, each theme should be treated with the best possible taste for Christians. It's all in black and white, with no gray areas. The grace and the will of God in this film is something predictable, and it reaches instantaneously all those who fulfill their orders. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life with which I am familiar. The God in whom I believe is a powerful and reliable God, but He is not one of those who grants all my desires. I follow it as best as I can, although it is often difficult to go; however, the soccer team in this film finds its humility and self-control much easier than anyone should find it. I can not relate to the cardboard cutouts that change from side to side in the course of some structured movie scenes. And when I HAVE followed His commandments as stated in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself blessed as these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I have done the right thing; Everything else comes with a long, messy and arduous work. <br /> <br /> But take the example of this movie: Grant Taylor trains the football team at the Shiloh Christian school, which has had 6 consecutive seasons lost. He can lose his job because of that, and he and his wife have little money as it is. They want a baby, but the doctor says it's sterile. Oh, and your car does not work. And the boys on his soccer team are disrespectful to their parents, complaining about their millions of losses and bad guys to kick field goals. This is for sure, a community destroyed here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides he's going to trust God for everything! And he passes his faith to his team. So far so good. Not for much longer. As they begin to obey, the blessing literally accumulates in them. Suddenly, students stop disrespecting their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team begins to win ALL the games; They even won the big championship against the toughest team in the league! Coach Taylor's job is assured; the school offers you a shiny new truck as a gift (which, by the way, is the epitome of shallow and good weather employers); He gets a raise from his wife (get this) she even gets pregnant from her sterile sperm! And that thin boy manages to kick his first field goal just when it really matters! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etc., etcetera! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Only YIPE. No one in my church has experienced Christ in such a sharp and dry way. Yes, there have been many miracles in my family, as well as gifts and comforts, and I attribute them to the grace and goodness of God. But God is not a tap that you can open and shut off being good or bad! He is, in general, a mystery; Your gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them but you really need them. It is a long and difficult road to the path of realization, and things NEVER turn out as you thought they would be. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But due to its supreme superficiality and total escapism, it deploys tremendously to 1/10. The bad performance and the clichés of sports films seem to be mere pimples next to the false lepers that this film inadvertently pushes. <br /> <br /> To all future churches that plan to make a movie: do not be afraid to show REAL Life, you even have to add some inconvenient truths in the mix. As much as the people at the base are captivated by this cotton candy, no one has learned anything substantial about it. Give us the flesh, the bones, the REAL things! True life applies to everyone, not just to Christians, and that is an aspect that "Facing the giants" failed to understand.
