It occurs to me that some of the films that have been banned during the course of film history were really very important and very good films. I would like to argue that, instead of banning controversial and controversial films, censors should consider banning films that are so bad that they pose a threat to their IQ and their sanity. If they did, one of the first films that would hide quickly would undoubtedly be "Stroker Ace". This movie is horrible with a capital 'A'. It's the worst movie that Burt Reynolds starred in ... a feat for a man with "Cannonball Run II", "Cop And A Half" and "Rent-A-Cop" on his CV! <br /> <br /> The history of wafer-thin introduces us to the successful stock racer Stroker Ace (Reynolds), a man who loves fast cars and fast women. He gets caught in a demeaning contract with crooked promoter Clyde Torkle (Ned Beatty). The contract requires him to do a humiliating promotional job for a new chain of fast food restaurants, like dressing like a giant chicken. In the mix they are Lugs (Jim Nabors), the friend of Ace, and Pembrook Feeney (Loni Anderson), a bimbo with a brain that is a little smaller than a pea that is courted by Ace. <br /> <br /> Hal Needham, the director of this low-grade garbage, was previously a specialist and made numerous films that were based on his experience in organizing spectacular stunts and chases / car races. Some of these movies were good, like "Hooper" and "Stunts Unlimited", but with "Stroker Ace" it reaches a career nadir. The characters are so stupid that you really feel sorry for the actors who play them. Anderson is especially burdened with such a foolish role that makes you grind your teeth in despair. Humor is weak and childish at all times, and the acrobatics and racing sequences are nothing special. Even the exits during the final credits (which can be found in all the Reynolds-Needham collaborations) are usually not very funny, which gives the impression that maybe the movie was not very fun to do. "Stroker Ace" is a stinker of considerable magnitude.
