Janeane Garofalo has been very public in her distaste for this film, calling it, among other things, anti-feminist. He has also said on his radio show that he hates making "romantic comedies" because he does not believe in them. I totally agree with Janeane here. This movie is a bit at best. She does everything she can, but in general, it was another boring and incredible "romantic comedy" that has no basis in the real world. While there will be some who will say "suspend your disbelief", you get tired of having to suspend it almost every time you get a romantic Hollywood movie. The character of Janeane, for some reason, is usually filmed in the shadows and in the dark, which makes her look unattractive, while Uma's character was shot in lighter tones (which probably displeased Janeane and is probably one of the reasons why he hates this movie). That hurts the movie a lot if we're going to buy the premise that Janeane is supposed to be the prettiest of the two. As many have said here and in other threads of commentary, Janeane is not ugly, but in reality she is quite beautiful. I have not read a review where someone said Uma looked better. Having said that, I think the character of Ben Chaplin would probably stay with Uma, not with Janeane. Many men do not like really smart women (and many women do not like really smart men) and, unfortunately, Ben would probably have stayed with Uma. And despite the director's attempt to make Janeane unattractive, it does not work. Its natural beauty manifests itself anyway. <br /> <br /> I think a lot of Janeane's male fans who are obsessed with her like this movie because they like to think of themselves in the character of Ben Chaplin, and actually dial with Janeane. Janeane is much more complicated than the character she plays here (real life is always much more complex than Hollywood can imagine), so take a cold shower, gentlemen. This is the role that Janeane is best known for, and it's a shame, because it really is not such a good movie.
