Scarecrows is one of those movies that, with a little more acting, a little more direction and a lot more logic of the story, would have been quite convincing as an entrance of terror. In its current form, it is still a spooky movie that has solid makeup and blood effects, and a premise that keeps the mood of terror in spite of itself. And well, there are no teenagers who kill each other, only stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change of pace. And the plot line is amazingly similar to Dead Birds, with a precipitating theft, a spooky house abandoned in the middle of nowhere, and demonic monsters. But like Dead Birds, adults still have no ingenuity, run clueless before being killed one by one, and ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> At Scarecrows, however, we never discovered the supernatural. For that, and that holds the atmosphere of chill. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; Unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escaping in a plane hijacked with the pilot and his daughter, after a robbery that catches millions, a para-military group is doubly crossed by one of their own; A very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps off the plane with the big, heavy box containing the money and apparently has no plans on how to move it once he is on the ground. Being the most stupid of the group, he is killed first. But not before he passes by Fowler's residence, huddled among many scary-looking scarecrows, and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings to stay away. And the strange vane on the roof, with the fork and the pterodactyl, should also have been a warning sign. The interior of the house is also a bad feeling (for us in the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> Annoyingly, we must listen to Burt's thoughts in a voiceover, as he walks and mysteriously encounters the key. To the decrepit truck in the yard. The way the key appears would be enough for my pants, with me in them, to fly out the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy watching people's lips move on the screen, even when they're just thinking out loud. It helps to intensify the action and gives the actor more to do than to seem what the voice-over is saying. Burt lifts the box in the truck and makes his escape. Sure why not? The decrepit trucks always have a lot of gasoline, especially with the current prices and the battery. No problem. Now, I mentioned that Burt was the dumbest of the group, and here's why (in addition to the above, of course). Using night vision goggles to walk through the foliage and find the house, he takes them off to drive the truck away and, instead, turns on the headlights to see where he is going. Of course, the thieves who are still on the plane detect the headlights of his truck and know where he is going. Sparkly. He deserves to die. Insurance. I'm not sure why I needed night vision goggles in the first place, since each scene has bright lighting, from the inside of the plane to the nighttime outdoor stage and the house. The director of photography was either a. myopic, b. just left school, or c. deal with really cheap movies. <br /> <br /> Burt finds his disappearance when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Go figure. A very nice touch, and there are, I must admit, some in the movie, it is the fact that when you open the lid of the truck, there is no motor. Spooky, no doubt (and insert the comment of the pants again here). The logic of the story fails when Burt, dead, now full of things like a flounder with money and straw, Burt returns to the house. The rest of the group is there, they mistreat him, then they realize that he really is dead, and he was disembowelled and stuffed like a flounder with money and straw. However, Burt manages to hold a fight, and grabs a partner by the mouth, pushing him through a window, which makes him bite more than he can in a bloody scene. At this point, you would think that they would be running out of the house and returning to the plane, but no, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the entire episode of Burt is dead is treated quite casually, although a bright bulb in the group argues: "Burt was walking dead, for the chrissakes!" <br /> <br /> The stolen money Suddenly appears on the grounds outside the house, and the thieves go merrily for the bait. Soon, another of them, Jack, is dispatched, and again the scene is well done and it is horrible, involving a boring hand saw and no anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows that are dedicated to causing chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the thieves sees the scarecrows and Jack becomes scarecrow, he begins to scream, fleeing like Hell, and firing his weapon in the typical paramilitary form. So much for all that training under garbage pressure. He meets the others and stops short to explain why he screams, fleeing like a demon and firing his weapon, although the scarecrows seem to be chasing him. Once again, that logical script ... Dead and disemboweled, Jack returns to the house and chases the screamer with the usual results. By the way, if you hear Jack's demonic growl, you may notice, depending on your age, that it is the same monster sound that is often heard in episodes of Lost In Space TV. <br /> <br /> The last Two survivors run out of the house and return to the plane, barely escaping. But they? You'll have to watch the movie to find out.
