Ridiculous shag, which aggravates his mistake by trying to have a meaning. Joan, this time as congresswoman, Agatha Reed, president of a committee dedicated to "investigate the high cost of food." Says Rep. Reed: "The housewife has been getting it in her neck for too long, I'm going to keep fighting long enough for the American family to take vacations once a year, watch a movie every week and feed a peanut Occasional for an elephant. " She is a business person, but gets nervous when she gets an honorary degree from Good Hope College, where she was expelled for the crime of being out all night (the parallel with Joan's real life is unmistakable here, as in everything Joan) Films). The grade causes much dismay on campus ("That would make it the largest institution in the history of education!")? but Joan does not realize this when it arrives. Is the president of the university, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, at his best, the former teacher of Joan? and lover It was with * him * that he spent the night away, all those years, but Joan felt it was better to disappear instead of trying to explain to the skeptical university that they were about to get married. Naturally, this high profile event will be covered by the magazine * Life *? And who happens to be the photographer? Another of Joan's old lovers? This one, she was in China "during the war", and he believes that Joan could have problems with her old flame. Eve Arden, who plays Joan's assistant, "Woodie", is in her most loving and intelligent career in this film. with his frivolous and unnecessary comments that would make you dismiss her from her job, if you did not like her so much. But not only do you like Eva in this, as in all her roles, you adore her. She is so funny and sensible, that she would like to pay him just to stay and be one of the guys. When Joan cries when she arrives at her alma mater, Eve tells her that "she looks fierce". But Joan says that maybe others only see a collection of buildings, her, Joan, do you see youth? herself at 18 "anxious, expectant? a little scared, asking 'What is life? What am I?'" But, of course, if we really go deep into Joan at 18, the truth may be a little different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the biggest problem when watching a Joan movie. You can call your characters as you want, but it's always all Joan, all the time. Then, as what we are always seeing is that Joan is herself, it is easy to dispense with the names of the characters. It's just that it gets confusing when Joan tries to tell us something obviously false, like her description of herself at 18. When we know that at 18, Joan had already been around the block several times. Many men would have described her as anxious, and as for being expectant, she had already had several abortions at this point. But that's a personal problem, and I'm digressing, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "and then does Joan do it?" this or that, or "We see Joan as ..." when we are not literally watching a home movie. <br /> <br /> There is a funny and involuntary moment in which Joan receives the Clara Bow doll she left behind. back in the university ?? The quick arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporary and this is a transparent strategy to make us believe that Joan is much younger than she really seems. Fails. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 50s. In the story, Joan has written a book about freedom of expression and made a film (no, not about the plumber), and draws the attention of a radical from the campus of the 50s, Dr. Pitt, who is about to be fired. His views, which are strikingly similar to those of Joan. This is where the film mysteriously turns into a tale of morality, weak, of course, but perhaps the only thing that prevents it from slipping into oblivion.
