This movie was so bad that I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I attended Horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all its films take false advertising to a whole new level. Congratulations to the advertisers because I am sure that they deceived many people so that they would spend money and see those films that year. The Hamiltons were easily the worst of the ones I've seen (the others I saw were Unrest, Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The cover and trailer of the film seemed to be a family of cannibals that terrorized the neighborhood, which seemed like a pretty interesting plot, but I was disappointed in the end to discover that it was a story of "coming of age" about the transition of a child to be a vampire. That's why the drama prevails over any sense of horror in this movie. And to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add a set of horny twins who can not wait to bite each other, and a mortal creature locked in the basement, who would have discovered what it is. "If the secret had not been revealed at the end of the movie, I would have left the movie in the middle of the movie. <br /> <br /> A complete waste of money and time, cut out forty minutes of this movie and turn it into an episode of some program like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and I would have received more praise than this ... Absolute garbage! So bad that two years later, I have to go back to IMDb and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory as Also, as you read this, stay away from the rest of the Horrorfest movies in the future, the best you can do is rent them from Blockbusters or watch them online somewhere. films by independent filmmakers that can not appear on the big screen, and all the crap about "things that do not show you in theaters", did not refer to blood or guts, or horror ... He was referring n to the movies themselves. Because they are horrendous. Think of Horrorfest as a less-recognized version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror films. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry for all the 'hate', but next time think twice before cheating customers with your money.
