The Hamiltons tell the story of the four Hamilton brothers, the teenager Francis (Cory Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the eldest David (Samuel), who is now the surrogate father in charge. The move from Hamilton contains a lot, Franics is not sure why and is unhappy with the way things are. The fact that his brother and sister kidnap, imprison and murder people in the basement does not help to relax or soothe Francis's nerves. Francis knows that something is not right, and when he finds out the truth, things will never be the same ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores as The Butcher Brothers (who so far is the only author of another film director is the remake of April Fool's Day (2008), as I said), this was one of the 'Films to Die For' in After the Dark Horrorfest (or whatever you call it) And in keeping almost everything else I've seen, I thought The Hamiltons was complete and absolute shit. I discovered that the character is really poor, very unpleasant and the slow story did not capture my imagination or keep my interest for 85 minutes and a half of 86 minutes. In the end there is a horrible turn that made me laugh out loud, there is a large sustained accumulation of what is inside a closet in Hamilton's basement and finally it is revealed that it is a small child with a stuffed animal. Is that really supposed to scare us? Is that really supposed to surprise us? Is that really something that is supposed to make us talk about that when the final credits pile up? Is a harmless-looking young boy the best 'twist' the creators could achieve? The boring plot progresses heavily, it is never clear where the Hamiltons get all their money to buy new houses since none of them seems to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt that it pays a lot) or why they have not been caught before now. The script tries to mix the everyday drama with a powerful horror and simply does a terrible job of combining the two insofar as none of the aspects is memorable or effective. A really bad movie about which I try to say something good. <br /> <br /> Despite being written and directed by the extreme sound of the Butcher Brothers, there is no blood here, there is a bit of blood spatter and some scenes of girls. chained in a basement but nothing you could not do at home with a bottle of ketchup and a camcorder. The film is not scary and, given that it has a suburban middle class atmosphere, there is no atmosphere or mood. There is a lesbian and they suggest an incestuous kiss, but The Hamiltons has little exploitation scale and there is not much here for the horror crowd. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma in California, it has that modern low-budget look, it's not badly done but rather forgettable. The performance of an unknown cast (for me) is nothing special and I can not say that I felt something for anyone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commit the central sin of being bored and bored. That never recovers. Add to that an ultra-thin story, without gore, an end of garbage and characters that are not treated and has a movie that did not impress me at all.
