Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite." It is set in Hawaii, is a drama of action and adventure, many scenes present boats, palm trees, polyester fabrics and flashy shirts ... even stars the actor "Zulu" in a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences: Roy Thinnes is supposed to be a frontline undercover agent, and the support cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere remains the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another product of QM) already existed at that time and had been executed for years. It filled the market demand for criminal dramas based in Hawaii quite adequately. Code name: Diamond Head could have been the intention to reach H50 since the previous series was eventually reduced ... but it appears as a superfluous second class copy. It does not stink, but it is completely derived and does not do anything as good as the original. <br /> <br /> There is a decent acting talent involved here. Thinnes is an old professional, and he gives the paper his best chance, and it's not bad. But Thinnes is as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as an evil spymaster called "Tree," and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in any scene where he appears. But he is calling his part here. Frances Ngyuen has a reasonably exotic appearance, but her striking appearance, opaque features, thick accent, and wood are not the stuff from which dreams are made. Trusting her to provide the "romantic interest" for Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series directed to white audiences that mentioned Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our goddesses of love. Give him another 30 pounds and a year with a dialogue / voice coach, and he may cut it. Zulu is, well, his usual self-fun in small parts, but he is not a person who can carry a function by himself. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue are strictly numbered, with nothing to distinguish them from any other Quinn Martin production. And at this point, the American television audience had seen a lot of QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was too much, and it sank without a trace. It was not really the actors' fault, and I hope they have moved away from this with a decent paycheck and one more entry in their C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived this for its treatment in its sixth season, and they had a lot of fun with it. It's worth looking for in that version if you like MST's approach to Japanese film and film, but I can not imagine anyone worrying about this pilot for any other reason.
