As others have mentioned, this movie is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and the lesser known science fiction movie ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that those two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. The metamorphosis did not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting science fiction story that had the wrong people in charge and the wrong actors playing the roles. <br /> <br /> The story follows the scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man who works on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university in which he works threatens to cut funds, he decides to inject anti-aging serum into himself. As a result, Dr. Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly becoming a lizard. And oh yes, seeing the good doctor go through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. It really is so bad that it is good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> Many of the criticisms I have read on this point point out how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this film are. I'm just going to go ahead and spoil it: the good doctor goes from being a middle man, half lizard and a man who seems to be a man in a Godzilla disguise rejected, when the police finally shoots him. In the final scene, an unpleasant child is seen with a small pet lizard that, according to him, will never die, and the heroine of the film, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov), evidently decides that the little lizard is the final incarnation of the Dr. Houseman. The camera gives us a close-up of the face of the lizard; This is, I suppose, the way the director shows us that the lizard is BAD. Yes, it's silly, but I started laughing, so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie because it was part of the Megapack movie of Chilling Classics 50 that I bought. I am sure that many of those who are reading this did exactly the same, since the 50 pack is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you recently bought the set boxed and have not yet seen this movie, it's really worth your time, even if I just ruined the end for you. It could also be possible to find this movie online for free.
