The "metamorphosis" has a bit of cult value, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian guy is more or less the epitome of male sleaze and he starred in almost all of Joe D'Amato's rancid productions in the late 70s and early 80s. Would not it be interesting for avid Euro-cult shoppers to be the Owners of the only movie directed by the guy who walked around bareheaded in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought so! Now, unlike the films he starred in, Eastman's own "Metamorphosis" is somewhat disappointing in the gore & sleaze departments. There are a handful of unpleasant murders, effects of monsters with cheese and naked female bodies (a special appearance of the queen of the lutes Laura Gemser!) On display, but it is mainly a talkative movie. The handsome and eloquent Dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research on human DNA codes when, suddenly, the university in which he works threatens to cancel his funds. He developed a theory to decode genes and block the process of human aging, but if he does not submit detailed reports soon, his research will stop. So Dr. Houseman does what any smart scientist would do and injects the untested serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title indicates), it slowly becomes a killer monster that actually ages much faster! In other words, his research stunk! Like the other critics already mentioned, this film "borrows" many ideas from "The Fly" by David Cronenberg. The secondary plot of dramatic romance included, but it does not add any originality of its own. The big difference is that you constantly feel connected to the character of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes a monster that needs to be destroyed as quickly as possible. The appearance of the syndrome of rapid aging also reminded me of the giallo, sadly underestimated by Ruggero Deodato, "Phantom of death", only the protagonist of that film inherited the disease and did not inflict himself. However, the physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films. Few fears or emotions to discover here, instead, the film presents a lot of bad acting, poor lighting, bad editing and a completely delayed climax to boot. Feel free to skip this one.
