If you have a bad day, or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that makes you laugh and you forget your problems. I do not think Role Models is that movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film focuses on Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Two juice promoters, who attend schools to promote the product and tell Children to stay away from drugs, and more juice. But Danny is having the worst week of his life, and he crashes his company car, with Wheeler in the seat next to him. His future girlfriend, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is an attorney, manages to avoid being imprisoned, doing hours of community service, volunteering at a place of older brothers called Sturdy Wings directed by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a dirty mouth as he is Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight as he is in medieval times. But will this be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they be better off in jail? <br /> <br /> Well, I'm not going to beat around the bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, the character of Ronnie, to hear those bad words that came out of such a young child, was very shocking. If I were a little older, it would not have mattered so much. I mean what their parents thought, when they signed it. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so inopportune, maybe she was supposed to feel bad for her character, but she did not feel anything, because she can be represented in a very predictable way as a woman who would be played in this type of comedies. And Jane Lynch, which is the worst of the worst. She offers the most exaggerated performance ever. Playing a former drug addict, who acts as if he were still on drugs. Listening to her give all that annoying dialogue, it made me want to throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott, once again playing another character similar to Stifler, should try to separate, and this movie will not. And the more Scott tries to be tough, it's what keeps him from being funny. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Paul Rudd, on the other hand, will separate me from the others in the film, because he manages to offer solid performance, although he does not get much laughter, but he is the most interesting of the rest. Cause Rudd does not overreact, and does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are visible. But the rest of the movie is so stupid, it takes over sometimes. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It's a reminder that this kind of comedy does not try anything new, anyway, they do not take chances. Role models is an example of that.
