(Only minor spoilers, except as indicated). <br /> <br /> I have recently enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinema; both the current Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar, and the Latin American cinema of directors like Del Toro, whose magnificent "Backbone of the Devil", set in the Spanish Civil War, was the best horror film of the last decade. No wonder, then, that this film is well done, well acted and managed to keep that Spanish atmosphere so different. But it is also a film as unpleasant and useless as you would expect to not have to see. <br /> <br /> What is really the purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​what caused the creepy central character to embark on his wave of murders, despite the fact that large numbers of narrative voices are directly drawn from his own narcissistic diary. In a routinely nasty opening sequence, established more than a decade ago, we see the central character killing his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and control-freakery ("if I can not have you, no one can"). Oddly enough, this is perhaps one of the best sequences in the film, but it does not have a perceptible relationship with its subsequent wave of murders, which seems completely different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We have no idea, although later we discover, as an absurd idea, that he obtained a law degree while he was in prison. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in several of our notable "serial killers" or "sex". Murderous cases ", the terrible question arises, what about the wife Did you know, or suspected what was happening? This is a question that this film could have done, and in fact, the wife begins to emerge as one of the characters But trivially, the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, she did not." Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a plate, the film still manages to get rid of it. , outlined in a timely manner at the end, is his slightly amoral preparation to take advantage of the gains after the event, compare this with the horrible moment of revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "Do you know what I mean? "thus sealing your own destiny and allowing us to glimpse horrified unimaginable chaos of repressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (Important Spoiler in this paragraph.) Meanwhile, we are supposed to cr That the murderer himself is a criminal mastermind who mocks the police in a comprehensive manner, thus ensuring the briefest incarceration in a psychiatric hospital before being released so that he can kill again. How exactly did this happen? The plot becomes extremely schematic at this point; something to do with deliberately leaving certain clues to the police; but how all this works or why, or how the subsequent judicial case proceeds, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> I really do not think serial killers are like that. The silence of the lambs can be a comic, but ?? Lecter aside? He does his serial killers well. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate; not the mysterious and charming mind that is presented here (closely related to the equally mild and unlikely assassin of The Last Horror Movie, or even to Man Bites Dog, although it seems that it has not been noticed that it was a satire). <br /> <br /> This film has little suspense and confuses the little intrigue that could have generated the plot. It has nothing useful to say about the motivations of serial killers, either in general or in the specific cultural milieu of Spain. This is just a misguided excuse to show some misogynist violence to women. And, interestingly, what makes violence even more repulsive is a certain failure of nerves even in the way it occurs. The soft core character of what is actually shown only makes it look even more repellent. A single explicit shot, properly timed, would have been infinitely more shocking, and would have made all the rest completely unnecessary, releasing more film time to complete the holes in the plot and the characterization. Instead, we only receive endless photos of young women who spread themselves vulnerable on a table with their pretty but slightly revealing underwear. Very, very creepy. Sorry to be rude; I love horror movies and I can tolerate even the most extreme, to the point of worrying my partner. But I think that anyone who finds this movie good or interesting, even the one that would find me is moving away. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; This is simply lewd. <br /> <br /> In fact, it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this film more than one star only because it has been executed competently, but morally it deserves none and should never have been performed.
