The disappearance is established in the Mojave Desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) plus their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a friend of the family. Traveling, they stop at a restaurant next to the road and ask about an old abandoned mining town on the map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard of that, but it is definitely there and the family decides to take a detour to verify it and take some pictures. Once in the city, they take some pictures and look around, but when it's time to leave the car it does not start and they have to spend the night there. While they look around, they find a video of the camcorder that they reproduce only to discover images of a frightened woman who says that all her friends have disappeared, the next morning and her car disappeared as things take a very sinister turn. What is Weaver's secret? Will the Henleys ever get out of there alive ... <br /> <br /> Written, co-executive producer and directed by Walter Klenhard? I have to say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating movies I've seen. During the first 85 minutes, it was a very good mysterious mixture of thriller and horror movie, but then we gave away one of the worst endings in the history of cinema. The script suggests many different things, but never elaborates or confirms, and I was sitting there, genuinely intrigued by what was happening, from the mysterious disappearance of the family car, the four recent tombs, the thing in the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden and inexplicable disappearance of Ethan and his so inexplicable reappearance, the sinister motives of the Sheriff, the compass in the car going crazy, the crashed plane, the townspeople who deny Weaver existed and possible side effects of a neutron bomb that was thrown near Weaver in the 1940s, but everyone throws themselves out the window and, as far as we know, could have been random events completely separate. Everything was going very well and I was prepared for a revelation of a great turn, but none came, and instead I was treated with the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and frankly frustrating ending possible. If nothing else, the ending contradicts much of what has happened before and leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It is almost as if the creators had these great ideas, but then they did not know what to do with them and they simply achieved the end in the act. I just felt that I tried so hard to see the movie, that sometimes it can be quite slow without any kind of reward. In fact, the end felt more like a kick in the teeth or a good greeting with two fingers! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the great locations in the desert give a good sense of isolation. It's well done, but what were you thinking with that ending? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense and it's just a big frustrating mess that after sitting for almost an hour and a half leaves you confused and wanting to know more. Despite being a horror movie, there is no blood or blood, although there are one or two spooky moments here and there. Actually, the film remembers the remake of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for large parts, since that is what the film is prepared for that has a strange ending that does nothing to close the film. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, scenarios, locations and cinematography. Located in America but filmed in South Australia. The acting is good of a decent cast. <br /> <br /> The disappearance is a really strange movie, for a long time it looks like a little thriller of mystery of terror, but it never explains anything of what happens and what is truly surreal. the end has just launched more questions than answers. I really can not see anyone doing head or tail of this, I really can not.
