This production never really took off for me. The plot is so cropped as to be disconnected and the production is so short that, unless you have read the novel or have seen a better adaptation (such as the 1995 with Amanda Root), will be a little lost as there is no time to the development of the character. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins like Anne, but the rest of the cast was quite far from what it should have been. Mrs. Croft was too old, as was Anne's older sister, Elizabeth. Maria pronounced everything with such palpitating accents that she lost the general malaise and selfishness of her character. Much better was Mary, Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and sense of misuse are so well established that by the time Wentworth suggests that Anne stay with the injured Louisa and Mary objected, that she, like her sister-in-law, should stay in place . I do not imagine someone less suitable to do it. In this version, it could stay since it is not sufficiently differentiated from anyone else in the production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to see, but he made a much better St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because that character required less depth of implicit feeling. I agree with the previous comments about the concert scene: it seemed more like I was trying to get rid of Anne than to do her a favor. In the same way, the scene of the accident: it happens so quickly and with so little context, one wonders what all this fuss is about. And transferring the discourse that Wentworth listens to in the novel at the beginning of this production is a serious error that only contributes to the unconnected nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the CSI morgue, very, very blue. Other times the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to distinguish the scene very well, as when Anne visits her old friend from school, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, is supposed to be more or less paralyzed. that Anne on the street told her that Mr. Elliot's horrible character was a rape that, for a minute, I could not think who it was, I thought it was one of the Musgrove girls, and it could have been, all the girls were practically interchangeable ). And the scene of the race at the end ... in an era in which the property was scarce, it is difficult to imagine the quiet Anne torn all over Bath like a demented hoyden. How silly can you be? It is very bad. Sally Hawkins had all the characteristics of a good Anne Elliot, but was completely paralyzed by a badly organized script and a production too truncated.
