I love the stories of Jane Austen. I have only read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after having seen this adaptation, I look for "Persuasion" from my bookshelf to make sense of the story, and also, because I refuse to believe that Jane Austen could have written such nonsense . For me, I thought that if you base a movie on a Jane Austen novel, you really can not go wrong. It will turn out very well by default. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> First of all, where are the characters that you like and like? You must have at least one nice character for the audience to invest their emotions in them, and this was not fulfilled. Of course, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to meet, but just because it's what they know, the purpose of the story is to get together. Instead, I had to resist the urge to throw my cup of tea on the TV and keep watching it until the end. <br /> <br /> Anne was completely annoyed at all times, and in the end, I really have no idea why Wentworth was. so hurt by her, since there did not seem to be anything there for him to be attracted to. It was meek, insipid, boring, socially inadequate, and resembled a sheep following the instructions of everyone else instead of having a mind of its own. This can still work for a main character, if you do it right. This was not done well. <br /> <br /> The other characters showed varying degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, with a full-blown narcissistic personality disorder. Where Mrs. Bennet in P & P had similar flaws, she was still attractive, while Mary was more of a crazy show. More detestable than fun. <br /> <br /> Wentworth was very handsome and looked like a decent guy. For most of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person he was and why he is in love with Anne, since he is surely the kind of person a person would want a little more ... alive? As for the performance, there is not much to say, since I reacted more to the characters that are represented and not to how good or bad were the people who acted. Anthony Head was excellent, but as soon as I saw him, I expected no less. <br /> <br /> I also found the story very confusing. It was not until the end of the movie that it seemed that Elizabeth was not Anne's stepmother, but in reality she was a sister (I'm still not 100%). The whole story of Anne / Wentworth was also a bit confusing. They had been together, but then they separated and they are both bitter about it. How? I was wondering about this for quite some time, and the explanation seemed to be that I had abandoned it because someone had convinced her to do it. But it was said in a kind of "by the way" that it almost got lost, as if somehow it was not important. How can it be unimportant when it is the core of the story? There was also a lot of falling names, but no real sense of who the characters were. This person Louisa, for example, who was she? A friend? Family? What? It was not very clear who the different characters are and their relationship between them. Lady Russell was there a lot, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brothers, which felt very unrealistic since Mrs. Croft seemed old enough to be her mother. <br /> <br /> The final kiss, yes, it was a bit strange that they kissed on the street. but I really did not think about it, because I was too busy screaming "on the television, because Anne's lips trembled, trembled and trembled for what seemed like centuries before they met Wentworth's - have ANY hesitation there, but only for a couple of seconds or so, not half a minute. <br /> < Then there's the problem with the work of the camera: As a normal movie watcher, you do not pay attention to angles and so on, unless you decide to take care of yourself ... I did not decide to do it here, but I still noticed them. It means that the filmmakers are not doing a good job Many conversations were made with extreme facial close-ups, something that should only be used when there is a really important point to be made In this adaptation, it was used excessively and, therefore, The meaning of the hand sometimes did not work either. in a period drama. The camera work at the scene of execution at the end was also felt too contemporary. (Not to mention the operation itself.) This was the only Austen adaptation that I caught in the Austen season of ITV. I wonder if it's worth seeing "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or if you should read the books and leave it at that. It saddens me to say that this is an adaptation of Jane Austen that I did not enjoy. Maybe I'll see the 1995 version instead. The BBC is known for having made beautiful adaptations of Austen before, after all.
