I really did not want to see this. It seemed to be an old Raj Kanwar movie that I disliked even before I started watching it because I do not consider it even a mediocre filmmaker. The only reason I took this is obviously the appearance of Shahrukh Khan in the movie. I did not even know what the movie was about because I was sure it would be a simple fairy tale. So I imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with an important supporting role of Rishi Kapoor, who I thought would be playing his father or uncle. And to my surprise, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero. He is the one who tricks young Divya! I was sad to discover that Shahrukh had a small part without substance and that too, only in the second part of this idiotic movie. <br /> <br /> Just let me repeat the question: why a 17 year? Adorable Divya has fallen in love with a suckling pig with long, chubby and swollen hair like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take this part; The only thing he did was ridicule. He had an affair with a girl who, logically, could be younger than his own daughter and make things worse; acts as a teenager in his forties. Besides that, just to become more pathetic, she plays a pop star ... <br /> <br /> To clarify things, I have no problems with the actors who make the romance of women much younger than themselves . While making a convincing couple, there should not be any problem. In fact, the main actors have always been chosen against the young women (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and they made the match quite well. Besides, I do not have anything against Rishi Kapoor, I think he's a good actor, and his act in Bobby is still well recorded in my heart, but it's not like he's seen in this movie like, for example, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan look today. <br /> <br /> That was a disappointment. Oh, and as for the reason why each person saw this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He excelled in the little that his part allowed him to do. The late Divya Bharti also made a promising debut. If you want to see this movie, go only for the second half. Personally, I would not do even that.
