I am not one of those people who will leave a movie that was based on the source material and they will automatically say: "The book was better". I know it's better to degrade the value of a movie just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions that are going to make a film that are sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / cinematographer / producer and, of course, of the control of the original author. Therefore, it is not reasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word by word, like a book or game or video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever. A film must be judged according to its own standard and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film must be made because the material is relevant to the society to which it belongs and, if it is based on the original material, the filmmakers must reexamine and improve its relevance. <br /> <br /> Movies like There Will Be Blood follow this paradigm because, although it was based on a novel written at the turn of the century, Oil !, it feels relevant due to issues such as the war in Iraq and energy concerns The country of origin of the film, United States, was and is experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technology and concerns about animal rights that people have. <br /> <br /> That said, I do not understand why they bothered to make this movie. ? In addition to the great performances, the guarantee of Oscar's winks and the fees Shanley directors and writers will receive, this film seems to come from nowhere. It should have stayed just like a play. The film (which is essentially the same as the play) does not say anything new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities committed and, in many cases, disguised by the Catholic Church here and abroad. It does not say anything new or different to the original work. I can not help comparing this film with another film that came out almost at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a play. Frost / Nixon, while lamenting Nixon, seems relevant because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was about to step down. The cries that Nixon had, as shown in the play / film, about the war and his presidency, could reflect with equal ease Bush and his presidency. In that sense, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from a wider distribution throughout the film because it made people talk and reflect on the political status quo in the country at that time. In contrast, Doubt felt that it was yesterday's news and did not seem to offer anything that the work did not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is "good", the performances are exceptional and the adaptation of the script is apt, but so what? Why was not it just like a play? Why, in addition to marketing and financial reasons, turn it into a movie? He did not give the public anything new to discuss about the horrible subject.
