The season of the Oscars has arrived, so this means that a lot of these deep, attractive and powerful films are in all the movie theaters hoping to gain audience and have the opportunity to win the Best Film in the great show. Among them is this film that is based on a very popular and acclaimed work. The original playwright was actually the writer and director of the film adaptation; that comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to translate the work than the original writer? On the other hand, who better not to see the errors and disadvantages of the work and solve them than the original writer himself? The doubt mixes an excellent performance and a lot of tension and suspense; with a frustrating ending, an unnecessary dialogue, a questionable direction and, of course, the inability to provide substantial answers. It is a growing trend among these "high caliber" films not to answer all the questions that it provides, and this has to stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without its bash line, like a book with 20 final pages missing, like losing the reception while watching the fourth quarter of a hotly contested football game, and like Do not have 50 cents to continue playing the arcade game and see what happens next. The doubt, like the previous Frustration of the Best Film, No Country For Old Men, does not really end; it does not give us considerable answers or provide enough for us to discover the end. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a test of humanity, it is an escape. I do not pay money to see an unfinished job, I pay money to see a beginning, middle and end, and I pray that I do not fall asleep during the three acts. We are forced to become the "writers" of the film by completing the blank space on what happened before and what will happen to the characters that we see ourselves screaming. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual advances towards a child who goes to church; The first African-American child in the Catholic church. The church is secretly torn as to whether he is really committing atrocious sins on the backs of all. The plot is complicated when some of the children begin to behave differently, which attracts the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story unfolds just after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which shook the nation for quite some time and questioned his faith in humanity and in others. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the doubt appear in the set of actors and also the always attractive suspense that accumulates slowly and never overflows. Streep seems to be worthy of an Oscar in all the roles he is in, and here it is no different, since his severity and cold behavior put a blanket of fear on all students and with some church staff. Hoffman stands out once again as a priest, successfully combining suspicion with a charming personality and a friendly aura. The apparently hypocritical personality is difficult to achieve, especially when we are supposed to like it and also reflect on it at the same time; but Hoffman faces one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastically. When these two argue, you can hear the flying fireworks without seeing one launched. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their excellent work. The Doubt foundry set is among the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as stated above, what ruins this film is the writing and the direction, especially when decreasing the third act. Questions arise, but they are not answered. The characters appear, but do not provide a real improvement to the plot. Children behave differently, but we never really discover why. There are uncomfortable angles in the camera work and there is no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, the writer of the play, had a previous film in his address repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether it is pure arrogance or stupidity, we are left with the possibility of seeing excessive sequences of random conversations, an annoying chat that has no end (there was a two-minute discussion about the coffee and the amount of sugar the priest wanted) thanks to the Mr. Shanley. <Br /> <br /> Conclusion: the lack of an ending is a stupid tendency that is as irritating as the camera work in action movies. It does not matter that we have a great cast of talented actors, a decent cinematography, a good story in which we are working or a good use of sound and music; Because we have a barrage of unanswered questions that are scattered throughout a movie that has more than 100 minutes but that does not even end! The translation of the game to the film is good and quite accurate, because we have the original crazy people behind the project, but he also took the mistakes and the stupid problems of the work to the film. This decade has seen its share of highly successful films and high-profile films that could have gotten a much higher score from me if they had decided to add a few more minutes of footage and finish: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men Burn after reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Breaking News: Finish your stinky movie. Please, or at least, provide a good amount of clues so that we can easily fill in the blank (such as Wall-E's depressing background stories), instead of looking into space when the credits begin to roll suddenly and it remains with a feeling of emptiness, confusion, and mental anguish. Have a beginning, middle, and the end please! As a critic, I prefer that my films be complete, not incomplete. The doubt feels incomplete, so it gets a degree of incompetence. <br /> <br /> Someone has to break this stupid tendency.
