The intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has been sentenced to death and expects to be executed in a spaceship designed for that purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol flees in an escape pod conveniently located and flies towards Earth (which apparently is close). There he confronts a group of "teenagers" (who look like thirty) and a ranger (John Phillip Law), who help him protect himself from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and the android executioner (or more appropriately "gynoid") the Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the top of the box, I was confident that it was going to be a horrible movie. But, as horrible as it turned out to be, it was also a lot of fun (probably at least partly because I was watching it with someone who turns out to be incredibly impressive). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who has specialized in the realization of more than a hundred low quality films (especially "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best and presents a plot that only half makes sense and we It gives a rudimentary special. Bonus effects: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), obviously at a low point in his career. <br /> <br /> Sure, there are holes in the plot. Why is there Rednecks Rednecks in California (supposedly the county of Los Angeles if I understood correctly the director). What's wrong with the woman's bad taste blouse from space? Why is there a secondary plot about the captain of the ship that tries to win her heart when this story is not going anywhere? What the heck is "Quadrant 5"? How does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will short circuit an android, but landmines do virtually nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk native football player with emphysema? And Lund's boy (Robert Clarke) ... does his character have a point? Does the game you play with the captain have any point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest mystery is the android (or gynoid) the Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does Daryl Hannah look like "Blade Runner", just that much bigger? Because, see, if something is a cyborg, it is partly human. But if it's an android, it's all machine. This was an android, so there was no reason to make him look human. It could have seemed anything. However, the person who designed it made it the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leotard that shows me too much. If you are going to do a female android, would not it be the purpose that is seductive and attracts enemies? Mission not fulfilled They say that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a great exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" still existed today, this movie would be on a very short list of movies. that need to be harangued. <br /> <br /> Beyond the unpleasant alienator (sorry, Teagan, women who lift weights are disgusting), the movie is fine. Maybe there is not much history and maybe the characters are not really very interesting. And maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable for no reason in particular: what use does a killer robot have with a deer? But overall, I really liked the movie. I will not do it with my friends or I'll run to my local video store to pick up the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is full of amazing special features, no). But I consider that this movie time is well spent and I expect similar adventures in the future.
