A year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION and probably inspired the producers behind the Nazi sexploitation epics to go ahead with their most infamous movies because the stories They are identical: a beautiful blonde, horny and strong (but stupid), degrades and kills many people who are under their control, who hate her and want her dead. Sounds familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind the ILSA films, are good friends and started their careers together. So, obviously, there is a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can not help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to go ahead and do more than his typical big-name epics because XXX movies were in vogue in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer's films, though full of nudes and The twist and violence, they were never close to real porn. His films began to look positively picturesque with DEEP THROAT and other porn blockbusters. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films and BLACKSNAKE is the end result of a dilemma in his career. Obviously he wanted to branch out in different unexplored territories. But BLACKSNAKE was bombed in the B.O. and Meyer quickly went back to making VIXEN-type movies that, although they were not yet pornographic, were definitely more exaggerated than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> It's no wonder that BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It is simply terrible. Garbage or branch. Surprisingly bad. It is an assumption of quasi-camper slavery, if you can imagine it. The final result is discordant. In a minute, we are in the typical territory of Meyer: exuberant, playful and silly, and then, the next minute, a super serious meditation on slavery and violence. Eh It just does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is woefully mismanaged and diverts this film into the true category of exploitation. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sleazy as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and that type of movies, so I imagine that fans of the latter would be disappointed, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this film, either by the fans of the exploitation or of Russ Meyer. . Meyer blames BLACKSNAKE's failure because, and I quote, "I did not have enough breasts." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is bad, chest or no breasts. But he is right, however, about the low breast share. With the exception of Anouska and the maid, the cast of the film is masculine. Meyer replaces his group of big babies with a lot of guys with huge pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors who play the slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand around, who is portrayed as a ruthless but intelligent gay man who enjoys the power he has over men, one can only wonder what Meyer was really trying to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE stars David Warbeck, whom Anouska and his right hand covet. Poor David He is totally confused by the whole experience. He seems to have had fun doing the movie, but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what is going on. And then there's Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not for the 1870s. With her makeup and hair, she looks like a typical British witch of the 70s who was a dominatrix of the turn of the century. And his wardrobe is hilarious. Once, she really unbuttons her leather boots! I did not know they had zippers in those days. But the character he plays is, in itself, really demeaning (no pun). She is nothing more than a figure for the object of lust and contempt of all men (and that woman) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska get down to work, their annoying slave driver enters the room, knocks David out and tries to rape her, groping for her. The next day, the slave driver continues working for Anouska and the two act as if nothing had happened. It is totally ridiculous. Under any circumstance, if his character had been a real person, Anouska would have beaten the senseless slave driver and kicked him on the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman keeps him in his plantation after he tried to rape her is spreading the flimsy story and the credulity of the characters to the fullest. <br /> <br /> Ridiculous details like this, and the completely amazing blaxploitation angle makes BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant but visible movie. It can be seen in the variety of train crash. I just could not help but watch the movie to see the unfounded aspects of all this (the excellent picture that makes it easier to see it). So, being this an exploitation film, I guess he succeeded in doing what he was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer finalists.
