At a time when the constitution and principles on which the United States was founded are trampled by a desperate administration to distract attention from its own internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty do not apologize , a thriller about the takeover of the state. The illegal action that far exceeds that of the terrorists who are fighting might seem appropriate. However, if you want to see a movie about that, try the fake THE ZEEGE by Ed Zwick, because NADA is one of the most childish "political" thrillers ever made. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director has tackled a topic that he seems to ignore completely and prints his ignorance in almost every frame. <br /> <br /> Your terrorists are a very unconvincing group of stereotypes: Fabio Testi dresses like he's auditioning for the 'Spy vs.' strip Spy 'of MAD magazine, Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL sent by the professor of sociology of hell, Mariangela Melato, an aspiring revolutionary middle class cardboard, which behaves Each unconvincing plot rotates as if They would like to be trapped. The corrupt authorities are doing a little better, but they are still painted roughly. <br /> <br /> It is possible to make a smart movie about dumb people (see CHOICE), but this is a stupid movie about dumb people made by people who think they are intellectuals who are talking to the masses. In truth, if we had recast Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would be to raise the intellectual content of the film, not reduce it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol could simply get away with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so inept (the fight scenes would embarrass a kindergarten class while the filming of the kidnapping is more inept than the kidnapping itself) and its inability to get its cast to act with at least one approach of recognizable human behavior so flagrant that it is really embarrassing to see (a special mention should be made here of Duchaussoy : very good in THAT THE BETE DIES of Chabrol, is incredibly bad here in a performance that is so exaggerated that it is of return again). <br /> <br /> Chabrol has made some good movies, but you would never guess with this amateur mess, a newcomer to his work would never want to see another of his films after this, which would be a great shame. Completely drivo, and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material. One star in ten, and that is to be very generous.
