I have seen some episodes of this program and I have found that some elements of it are quite interesting, considering medical data that can be learned. But this is totally affected and destroyed by the endless immoral relationships of the characters in the show. Everyone seems to have slept with almost everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a single marriage or solid and lasting relationship throughout the program, all are separate and lurking, hardly a true reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it is truly absurd. <br /> <br /> Then we are presented with endless little moral dilemmas and they are usually resolved in such a way that they undermine anyone. who does not agree with the degenerate management and staff of the private practice that knows everything. For example, in one of the last episodes we are presented with an extremely rare situation of a baby born with an uncertain sex and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the surgery because we are supposed to let the baby decide his gender later. Anyone who does not agree with this is represented as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone who opposes abortion would be offended by the way the program treats pro-lifers. Addison made the comment that no man was allowed to have an opinion on the subject and only a black character was given dignity for opposing abortion for moral reasons. The general feeling was that if you oppose abortion, you are a phenomenon, hardly the popular feeling in the United States. Two of the main characters in the show blithely mention that they had abortions when they were younger and did not apologize or regret, despite the fact that research has shown that women can suffer from intense depression. What's more, a girl comes to the clinic to have an abortion and then thanks the staff that is leaving and someone talks about how they helped this young woman and it was like something to boast about. The script could have been written by Planned Parenthood. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a cheap show that lacks a lot of future unless you decide to present more real relationships instead of just totally incredible soap operas and unlikely medical situations around the world. the whole show
