The Choke begins when a rock band known as The Choke prepares for a concert at a nightclub called 'Club 905', owned by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell the other members of the band, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson), that both go solo and that their services they will not. It takes more time. Once at the club, Dylan prepares, but Mike does not show up and the concert becomes a disaster. Then, just when the band thinks that things can not get worse, they find a corpse in the basement, that all the doors are locked so they can not leave and that they can not trust anyone, since a mysterious murderer begins to choose . out one by one ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard slasher for number teens that really has nothing in their favor. The screenplay by Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (there are not too many horror films written by women ...) has some surprisingly good characters and witty dialogue, but it's much better than many modern shots on a horror camcorder. in that sense, it's so slow and boring that even some interesting characters can not come close to saving it. As expected, all the clichés of the teenagers are used, from the isolated place from which the victims can not escape, the cast of handsome teenagers that are still dividing, some murders and a really poor ending that tries to imitate something. like Scream (1996) and be surprising, but it does not make much sense when you think about it with logic (they could not have done some of the things they were supposed to do) and to make things worse, I guessed who the killer was quite early and, although I do not want to boast, I was right. Then there's the fact that the creators of The Choke felt that their audience would entertain themselves by showing interminable scenes (well, it feels infinite while watching it) of teenagers who walk through dark corridors doing nothing in particular, I'm sorry, but there are so many Scenes like this that I can take before it starts to be tedious. The count of deaths is low, at first everyone decides to stay together (good idea) but then everyone decides to randomly divide and go their separate ways (bad idea when there is a loose assassin), the rhythm is lethargic, The scenes of death are little imaginative and, to top it off, the end of the torsion is poor. <br /> <br /> The director Mas does well, the film looks good for the most part, although there are strange occasions in which he uses an annoying post Production editing technique like slow motion or frame jump. The bleeding levels are not really up to scratch, there is blood spatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, some corpses and someone impaled on some metal poles. Most murders happen off the screen with the ax that kills at the end, a good example of the movie that shows nothing. Since the movie is about a rock band, there is a rock band that is quite rock oriented with some really horrible and horrible rock songs that are used in it. I'm sorry, rock fans, but to my ears, this shit is just noise pollution. It is not scary, there is no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and blood is inexcusable when the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 1,000,000, The Choke is well done with a reasonable price. Production values ​​seem cheap, but not as cheap as many low-budget horror movies. He shot at a place called Spokane in Washington apparently. The performance is one of the strongest points of the film, since in general it is quite good in general, I mean that nobody is going to win an Oscar, but it is not bad. <br /> <br /> The Choke is a complete Scream teen style Slaher routine that has one of the weakest spin finishes in history and a criminal foul of blood, blood, violence, nudes and corpses. I mean, if a slasher does not have sex or gore, what is the point? Those are the only things worth watching the average slasher for, right?
