I went to see "Late" for the cast. For that reason, I went to see "The Norman Room", that movie that offers Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and, also, Meryl Streep, and I loved every minute. The same for "The Notebook", even though I was a light girl. And my feeling was that anything that featured performances by Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close would be at least as good. On the other hand, sometimes it seems to me that even the best actors can not overcome the trite, simplistic and, on one occasion, really offensive material. <br /> <br /> Now I had no problem with the way the movie was structured. In fact, I enjoy movies that stretch out in time to tell a story ... as long as one was illuminating the other and the words of verse. But while the character of Vanessa on her deathbed and remembering a past event she felt "was a mistake" was fascinating, sometimes, the part that really shows what that "past mistake" was does nothing to clarify the matter. In fact, it makes it seem pointless in the dumbest "the girl meets the boy, the girl gets a boy, the girl loses the boy" in fashion, and in the most incredible way, cliché and reckless possible. Here are spoilers, so keep that in mind if you continue reading. <br /> <br /> In the first place, Claire Danes was brutally maligned. Not only does she not start to look like Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, but she has nothing to do with acting when it comes to acting. Do not get me wrong, she may be good in the right role, but not this one. And Patrick Wilson was a villain, although he has the skills to act almost to achieve it. He would have adapted better to the part played by Hugh Dancy, the rich WASP confused, and not the object of sexual attraction for each and every one; He is a little too bad for that. Hugh Dancy? One note: "I'm a tortured drunk and I wait until you find out why." And the "why" (I'm a secret case in a sexually repressed world, so I have to drink heavily and make a fool of myself in front of everyone I know) was so offensive to me and the way he died (as you knew I would do it because that's the only thing that can happen to a fag in the fifties), so ridiculous, foolish and mismanaged, that I almost threw my candy to the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the modern part between Toni Collette and her sister, her fear of commitment, her jealousy for her sister's "perfect life", her sister wondering if she has made the right decisions, her pregnancy and her boyfriend too perfect (which could actually have been more interesting and meaningful if played by Patrick Wilson, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach could have been a more interesting Harris, given his dreamy eyes). Anyway, all this broke down in the 70s and 80s. And in much greater depth. Do we really have to present it, again, and everything as fresh and transcendental? <br /> <br /> And to make matters worse, Meryl Streep does not even appear until the last ten minutes of the film, all in old makeup that conceals many of her facial expressions. She is still good, but only because she is Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to achieve even the dumbest dialogue under the heaviest makeup. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell, this movie has all the clichés of the world. The book of the film "really significant message", and adds some that really did not have to be discarded, again. With two hours of duration and the music of "Lifetime Movie-of-the-week" that is guaranteed to rozarte, it is a complete failure in the "significant" and "film creation" aspects. I give it "3" only for Meryl and Vanessa. <br /> <br /> Now, if everything you need from your films is double, please put my comments on "Evening" aside and have the time of your life. But if you want the great actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the nonsense that brings a truly meaningful experience, rent "Norman's Room" and discover what a great performance really is.
