The "carriers" follow the exploits of two men and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the words "road warrior" on the bonnet that rise up the road to the beach with surfboards tied to the top of their car . Brian (Chris Pine from "Star Trek") is driving and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo from "Coyote Ugly") has shotgun, while Brian's younger brother, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci from "Fanboys") and his friend, not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp from "The Ring 2") occupies the backseat. This quartet of twenty-two characters live in a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic, of which co-directors and comedians Alex Pastor and David Pastor tell us absolutely nothing, has devastated the United States. Naturally, the lack of exposure eliminates at least fifteen minutes, which would have slowed down this cynical melodrama about how humans degenerate into a crisis and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This lethal virus gives you the blame. then you bleed and die. Most people run around wearing those white masks tied to their nose and mouth by a thin rubber band. Initially, this quartet meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni from "Runaway Bride"), and his cute little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka from "Land of the Lost") blocking the road with his SUV. Brian swerves around Frank when he tries to corner them, but in the process, the oil pan in his Mercedes breaks and they end up on foot. Reluctantly, they leave with Frank after sealing Jodie in the back of the truck. He wears a mask over his nose and mouth and is stained with blood. Frank has heard that doctors cure sick people in a hospital and address him. Unfortunately, someone has lied to Frank. The hospital doctor is giving the last two children something of Kool-Aid that will get them out of their misery. The cure did not improve his condition. Everyone else in the city is dead. Kate tries unsuccessfully to get a dial tone on all phones. Frank realizes there is no hope for his daughter and lets the heroic quartet take over his SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> In fact, "Carriers" qualifies as an implacably depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four caring people who degenerate into homicidal killers to protect themselves. They arrive at a country club and have fun on a golf course until four others show up in suits and masks with pumping shotguns. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian has a scare when he almost falls into the water with a floating corpse. Over time, they discover that one of them has become infected. Later, when they are about to run out of fuel, Brian blocks the road as Frank did at the beginning. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving the car. Danny lies that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and that she needs your help. Brian throws caution to the wind and shoots the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian catches a bullet in the passenger's leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza movie with which you can laugh or laugh because humor is practically non-existent. At the end of this 84 minute film, our heroes have become villains who only care about themselves and their situation. Chris Pine impresses quite as Brian, fun-loving, and his energy performance is the only reason to hang on this hokum, while the other well-known actress, Piper Perabo, is relegated to an inconsequential bridal role. Like Bobby, she tragically makes the mistake of showing compassion to a dying girl and pays a horrible price. It is a testament to Pine's performance that he can change his character to the point of putting himself before others. Essentially, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to move from an eighty of a carefree boy to a ruthless boy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers, and they never let the impulse be the one that marks. As there is no relief in sight, the "carriers" sink into predictability. The "irreversible" cinematographer Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with his wide screen lenses and, as unbearable as this road trip is, Debie makes it look like a dynamic movie. Apart from the lack of a happy ending or a closure in any sense of the word, "Transportistas" suffers because it is so terribly cynical. The scene in which the German shepherd attacks Danny evokes the greatest suspense, but could even have been improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers do not frighten the tension or the suspense. When it disappears, you really do not care what happens to anyone.
