At the end of the 1970s, the animator Don Bluth, frustrated with the production of his company, Disney was beating, defected from the Mouse House to form his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds up well to this day. This was followed by AN American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both made under Steven Spielberg's participation and commercial success. Although none of those two films had the dark appeal of NIMH, they are still lovely and enjoyable features for both children and adults. But before much time passed, Don Bluth had his first great fire failure with ALL DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN; critics were especially tough with this movie, and things were not helped by the fact that it was opened together with Disney's THE LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Considering that the movie has such a friendly title, one could expect ALL DOGS TO GO TO HEAVEN for a nice family meal. Instead, Bluth provides a surprisingly obscure story that involves gambling, cheating, crime, maltreatment and murder. That in itself is not a problem for a voice-animated feature, but it does question whether the film is for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say if adults will find much to enjoy in ALL DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN. In short, it is a film with a great identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Located in a sad scrapyard in New Orleans, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a rough German shepherd, runs in a car, courtesy of his old playmate in a casino, an unpleasant pit bull who smoked cigars, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie is in heaven, though by default. Here, a whippet angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and friendly." This line represents the confusing nature of the film, since the dogs of the film, apart from the whippet, are presented as anything else. <br /> <br /> Upon realizing he has been killed, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and Plots to match Carface. With the reluctant help of his dachshund friend, Itchy, Charlie "rescues" Carface's prize, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win rat races). Charlie says it will help the little girl find her as a family, but she is actually using her skills to earn fortunes in the race to build her own more elaborate casino to knock out Carface. Although he refuses to admit it, Charlie falls in love with AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of history is not as problematic as execution. Apart from the human girl AnneMarie and an extravagant musical crocodile that appears around three-quarters (with Ken Page's vocal tubes), none of the other characters emerges as sympathetic, or frankly, worth worrying about. Unfortunately, that also applies to Charlie; When trying to turn it into an antihero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) only manages to make the character TOO unpleasant. As such, the audience does not feel empathy for Charlie, and what is worse, his redemption at the end of the film is not so convincing. (More detrimental to the character is the disappointingly uncharismatic performance of Burt Reynolds). In addition to the lack of an endearing advantage, the other problem with the film is in the structure of the story. The slow-paced plot jumps all over the place and makes a habit of throwing additional scenes that have no purpose other than to eliminate the run-time of the movie. The aforementioned musical alligator (which resides in a sinkhole infested with native rats) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, like a scene in which Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie by feeding a package of pizza for pastel puppies . The entire script feels like a rough first draft; A little more enameling could have made this a more compact and impressive story. <br /> <br /> Things are not helped by the mediocre musical numbers of Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's song and Gator's ballad are the only good ones, the latter in particular benefits from Ken Page's meliflua vocal) or the unequal cast of voices. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds's rigid and lifeless Charlie detracts further from his already unpleasant character (the only exception is a fierce confession to Itchy about his true intentions towards the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is pretty good, but has had better roles, especially Tiger in AN American TAIL and Jeremy in THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is amazing in everything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is not remarkable. Similarly, Loni Anderson (like a collie who once fathered a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly are wasted. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that is presented as truly memorable, in part because her character is the only one legitimately nice in this depressing and joyless show. <br /> <br /> Barsi aside, the only positive aspect of TODOS DOGS GO TO HEAVEN is animation. Technically, this film has some of the most imaginative images of Bluth's team (by the standards of the 1980s, that is), particularly a terrifying scene in which Charlie has a nightmare about ending up in a fiery underworld ruled by a canine demon gigantic. In any case, the film is more a triumph of animation than of storytelling. <br /> <br /> In general, however, I can not recommend ALL DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN as good entertainment. While I acknowledge that the film has its fans and the climax does provide some energy and a poignant conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's best efforts. Animation fans will marvel at the exuberant art, but by the time it's over, ALL THE DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN could leave a bad taste in the mouth.
