Noel Coward, an ingenious and urban man, was a friend of Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Coward, an admirer of all things marine, was commissioned to write a story based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship. He considered that a film about the Royal Navy losing a match at sea would be a good propaganda. It was also considered a good idea to have Mr. Coward play the ship's captain. In the numerous qualities required to command a combat ship, the ability to speak with cutting voice and sing sophisticated "point" songs is not very important in the list of Admiralty House, or at least one would expect not. A captain must win and keep the respect of the ward room and the lower deck equally. Mr. Coward may have had the respect of the choir knights in Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont may have been frightened of him, but his ability to tame, shape and direct the crew of a ship in time of war must be questioned. He folds languidly around On the bridge, which served as condescension in the other ranks and shouted orders to the officers, he only needed a silk dressing gown and a mouthpiece to make it look like home. Much of the theme of the "warship as a microcosm of British society," and the crew consists largely of the cheerful cockneys, cunning northerners, etc., without which you can not fight a war. They spend most of their time on board smoking and moaning. about Lord Haw Haw and being exploited. It does not matter, there's a lot more where they came from. Once on land, they go directly to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, complaining about Lord Haw Haw and being exploited. By contrast, Mr. Coward lives in a dream house with a rose. covered door somewhere very quiet with very little chance of exploding. He, his wife and two pink-cheeked cherubs converse in ridiculously complicated tones and said that the wife spends much of her time knitting things for the unfortunate poor who make up her team and to whom she refers by their last names. That young and sympathetic teacher Johnny Mills has a prominent role as a completely unbelievable lower mallet type who worships Mr. Coward in the same way that a whipped dog will adore his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, probably because she could be pregnant after an unrestricted passion. So yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but maybe not in the way the creators of "What We Serve" intended. In the end, Mr. Coward has one last chance to sponsor his men while the few survivors shuffle by, "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you," he says as if he were reciting "How the brown cow is." It may have been David Lean's first feature film, but Noel Coward's hand extends throughout this image. He was a fun and intelligent man, better suited to write plays about rich little girls and boys interspersed with the occasional ironic song. He had a talent for fun, no doubt, but he could neither write nor speak of a convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, I did not have time to be a real person.
