The 1922 tears killer of Cecil B. DeMille, Manslaughter, finds the lovely Leatrice Joy as a good-hearted but decadent young woman with more money than she knows what to do with her. His imprudence leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to his regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the cross district prosecutor who has become his personal crusade to highlight the goodness and fullness of Lydia (Joy), but alcohol deflects him and once they release her, it's up to her to rescue him! <Br /> <br /> If the plot does not sound so bad, you will be dazzled by the sad presentation. The quality of DeMille's address is very low and does not show any particular skill that is unique to him. Photography is standard and flat, and the editing is not more dynamic. One could easily classify it as a fashion show and be quite correct. DeMille manages to dress Miss Joy with so many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf suits, motor costumes, lots of skins) that her subtitle could be "1922 Fashion". <br /> <br /> One more thing disappointing that the photograph or edit or the direction is the performance, which is mostly flat and wooden. When it is not, it is simply a routine and silent gesture, eyeballs moving, frowning and pointing and movements of the arm deliberately. What would have been encouraged for modern viewers by the assault and the scene of some of the worst silent movies, is here simply boring to watch. The only cast member who succeeds in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but can also play her role naturally. She is convincing and endearing in close-ups full of tears, as long as you do not read the moralizing title card that follows once she opens her mouth to speak. Like I said, everyone else is completely routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. His performance here is a good argument as to why he never achieved true stardom. <br /> <br /> The worst and funniest part of this movie is the heavy moralistic tone that is transmitted through all this. The character of Meighan has many intertitles in which he continues to talk about how the youth of the United States is decreasing in its moral stance, and back to the decline of Rome. (insert an absurd flashback) The moralization of this film has been described as Victorian, but it is more than that. It has so little importance in reality that I have the feeling that audiences at that time did not take it more seriously than modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the strangers tend to consider as a "typical" silent film, with its archaic moral structure, wooden acting and misdirection. DeMille shows that he could be a terrible director, without the sense of rhythm, location of the camera or ability to handle scripts or actors. I can not imagine anyone in their right mind taking it seriously. Bored, slow and idiotic, I recommend it to fans of silent movies like me.
