All day I've been observing dinosaurs, and all day they've had the same fundamental problem. <br /> <br /> They do not believe in guns. They just do not seem to have been told about them or something like that. Bullets _bounce_ out of the dinosaurs! Maybe it's because they went extinct millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were different then ... Aah, no. Come on. If they are close enough to operate chemically today, they would have to be vulnerable to rapid (even subsonic) lead shells. It's that easy. <br /> <br /> Look, the hardest-skinned reptiles on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to basic rifle fire. They are nothing magical. You can shoot a gun around the heavy scales on their backs. They do not take perforating bullets or anything special. Small bullets penetrate them, they just do not kill them. Large bullets are preferred (though not REALLY) because the challenge (as in most games) is to kill the animal with one shot, so that it does not escape. (Hunters consider it immoral to allow prey to escape and die without being captured). <br /> <br /> Most animals, including predators, are easily rejected by shots. Between the noise and the pain of even a non-lethal wound, most will flee. An exception is the big bears, which are so intrepid that they are simply furious at mortal wounds. Cape buffalo are considered highly dangerous because they are known to carry when injured. We have seen a video of the great bulls of a herd of cape buffalo rescuing a calf from a pride of lions. A big cat will run if he can, but if he can not, it will be charged as a final act of despair. It is not known where a T.Rex would fit in this spectrum. His behavior has simply not been observed. With these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a matter of applying an appropriately large and powerful projectile, and / or applying several of them fast enough to counteract their charge. With a T.Rex, of course, this could be a serious problem. I've seen a T.Rex skull (they have one in the center of the museum) and carry a gun big enough to break it, which may not be practical. Chewing your neck with much smaller fire could be a more viable approach. The small bullets would still penetrate them, not only would they bounce because the animal is too big to kill easily! <br /> <br /> So here we have Cortez and his men (this is before the famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by Native Americans and scheduled for sacrifice in the pyramid. It seems that all those human sacrifices went to appease the bloodthirsty couple of T.Rexes who terrorized the continent in the daytime. Instead of just cutting the heart and being fed the lizards, Cortez and others encourage the Aztecs to let them hunt them and kill them. Okay, maybe they do not have M-16 like the guys from the "Carnosaurio" series, but they do have flints, crossbows, pointy sticks (big, made of trees) and swords. Maybe it is a little less unequal than the squads of soldiers with full cars, but they have several players and I quickly bet on a dinosaur. Oh, wait, there's a _cannon_, about 4 inches. That's the ticket to burst the skull of a tyrannosaur! So they set a trap, with a squad of men, cannons, pointy sticks in a ravine, and they attract the first T.Rex towards her, using a pretty brown girl as bait. Cortez says they will NOT have time to recharge, so they will have to close the range until they can be sure of their goal. T.Rex completely ignores his flint fire discharge, and we see both a crossbow bolt _and_ the cannonball _bounce_ off! Forget this. End of credibility. A crossbow bolt would defeat the armor of Cortez's torso, and a 4 "cannonball could penetrate the hull of a wooden ship! This would also safely pass through the skin, rib cage, or skull of the vessel. Any animal that has walked on this planet Do you think a whale could withstand a 4 "cannonball? And here is T.Rex, still standing, not even bleeding. So Cortez attracts him to the ravine, where he falls on the pointy sticks, which (I suppose by magic) penetrate him and kill him. Yaaay, pointy sticks! <br /> <br /> The dinosaurs are not completely invulnerable to the shooting, they manage to get an eye out of the second with a gun. This does not work, so it's NOT as bad as a bear or a buffalo, at least in the movies. <br /> <br /> They kill the second dinosaur with a bomb, made of a pumpkin full of gunpowder and gems. My money would still be in the canyon. Its engineering function is to concentrate all the energy of gunpowder in one direction: towards the target. A pump is a much more diffuse force application. A real pump (NOT a pumpkin pump) has a steel housing that contains the explosion at an extremely high pressure. (Think: pipe pump against firecracker). A burned-out pile of gunpowder will simply go to POOF. (Trust me on that.)
