Tyrannosaurus Azteca takes place during the 16th century, when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) has landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Ríos (Marco Sánchez), who claim to claim the land in the name of Spanish and Maybe steal some gold too if the opportunity arises. A few minutes later, the local Aztec savages are seen for the first time, a few minutes after Cortés and his men are captured and detained. If that was not bad enough, it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and they like to eat the locals, in an effort to make a living, the Spanish offer to help the locals get rid of their monster problem, but with several hidden agendas. And other reasons are not just the dinosaurs that must watch ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, at the same time, made one of my favorite exploit films of all time, Turkey Shoot (1982) which I strongly recommend to one and all and also more commonly known under the title of Aztec Rex sonar (the title was changed by the Sci-Fi Channel when it was issued perhaps as the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it was a foreign film) this is another 'creation feature' of the science fiction channel that seems idiotic and cheap and that's all you really need to know, based on and around the real Spanish Cortes Conquistador during his expedition to Mexico, the film definitely does not look for historical accuracy, although I must admit that the story is about doing something different here, but ultimately, Tyrannosaurus Azteca is just a "creature characteristic" with A group of people running from some poor CGI computer graphic of a monster despite its period setting. I'm not sure what else I can say, despite being established for centuries, the usual clichés are here, the characters are the usual cardboard cuttings, make stupid decisions and the selfish, the heroic, the stabbing, the faceless victim It exists to be eaten and the pretty woman is here and it is easy to detect. The movie is predictable, silly, boring and is not really entertaining at any level, although it moves at a decent pace and there are one or two decent half moments of gore if that kind of thing interests you. The story is not so good and has many holes, it is also the kind of film that you will have completely forgotten in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I have seen and commented on many "creature characteristics" of the science fiction channel and, in general, the effects of the CGI computer are terrible, and while the Aztec Tyrannosaurus does not oppose To the trend, I must admit that there are some effects that look good but are usually ruined by an absolutely horrible effect. Direct shot after. There are also some decent blood effects here, there is a heart cut, a man's leg is bitten, there is blood spatter, a fresh shot of a man holding his own intestines after being attacked by the dinosaur, there are some bodies dead people seen and someone is stabbed with a spear. The T-Rex gets to eat a couple of people too. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of those amusement park attractions made of styrofoam and those Spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst place in film history with the fence that, supposedly, keeps them at a level lower than a man's waist. I could have just come out of it and fleeing was so low. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of around $ 900,000 I can not see where the money went, a shot in O'ahu in Hawaii in seemingly fifteen. days. The acting is not great of anyone I've heard of. <br /> <br /> The Aztec Tyrannosaurus really is not better than any other 'Feature Feature' of the Science Fiction Channel despite being almost interesting and unusual. The premise is that this basic statement should be basically enough for you to decide whether you will enjoy this or not (in your opinion, probably not).
