EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, is not what I expected. This is an Australian movie without a budget, without special effects other than accelerated movies and quick cuts of scenes. The alien (who approaches immediately can speak perfectly accented Australian) can "blink" from one place to another or from one moment to another and alter her perception of the flow of time to match the "fastest" humans. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story that a wandering man told her 40 years ago, when an anonymous "She" came to the planet naked and completely disoriented, unable to recognize what Star of Heaven was coming ... She knows a man just camping out in the Australian outback, apparently disconcerting him. She is here for "error" and gets angry when they tell her that she is on Earth. The earthlings are known as consummated dispossessors of the environment and a metaphor of the most insulting thing imaginable for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe the foul air" but do nothing about it, sticking their heads under the sand like a ostrich. In another funny metaphor, the earthlings are "frogs". <br /> <br /> From there, it is completely a film about dialogue, while the perplexed man tries to understand the peculiar psychology and the views of Ella, even when she calls it unintelligent and "picturesque". Man begins to realize that perhaps it is humans who are irrational and do not think clearly. However, while waiting to be "transmitted" back home, She sees that this human is not entirely defective in his thinking and even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The dialogue on perspectives is in interesting places, but everything is covered with a tough-minded environmental message and a feeling of low budget (there are only two main actors, who are entertained in several deserted scenes, and the evil human beings on the planet are never seen at all). The environmental message does not offer solutions, but paints one or two terrible metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is not done. Logic also does not hold together: the rest of the universe has been "abandoned" on Earth, however, a space woman trapped on Earth mistakenly makes some positive change at the conclusion of the movie. What would a battalion of foreigners sent here deliberately do against pollution and waste?
