This is one of those movies in which the British Lottery Fund wastes their money. The main problem is a script that gets nowhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only thing of interest is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). Having only a superficial relationship with Genoa, I had no idea of ​​the intricate alleys of its old town, and that the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I am happy to say that they have shown me that I am wrong. So from the traveler's point of view, this movie has interest. The film contains a splendid performance, from a girl named Pearl Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films despite being only 12 years old, so she seems determined to a career as an actress and, judging by her performance in this film, she should go very far, since she is a natural person and has a lot of talent . Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was present for the filming and when asked to be sincere, he was serious, and when asked to be distressed, he was distressed. But someone forgot to give him some dialogue worthwhile. The script is total chaos. Catherine Keener performs exceptionally well in a supporting role, and showing sympathy is natural to her, so everyone would like to have her around (I'd like to tell her every time I feel a cold, because I know she's going to catch me. hot and soothing drink). So there we have it: the fascinating narrow alleys of Genoa, an interesting little girl and a nice woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress does a good job of being repellent is not exactly the kind of tribute she would like to hear, I suspect. The idea of ​​this family going to Genoa to forget the unfortunate death of the mother is so trite that if we have another movie like that, all the dead mothers have the right to complain about being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why did not he go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a travel movie with a nonsensical celebrity anchorman? Why spend money on a film that is nothing more than a project of idle and sinuous vacuity vanity?
