Over the years I have noticed that when a rock star makes his last album before his death, that album, if it is not the best, is usually prolific in some way and, at least, worthy of being listened to. The album is usually good enough to build a legacy. However, when it comes to comedians, especially traditional comics starring their own vehicles, their final film is usually terrible. John Belushi had "Neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers" and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight", although it may not have been the last Dangerfield movie, it is weak in every sense of the word. According to this website, filming ended in 2002, and it's safe to say that it would have stayed on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was very young, and it hurts me to see how bad this movie is. <br /> <br /> What surprises me most is that several other talented people took part in a movie with a very weak premise to begin with. Dangerfield, a great comedian who used to play his comic character in a movie, is a prison director who houses a very close group of inmates. When the prison owner, billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), Colonel-Tom-Parker-knows-Sam-Walton, cuts funds for the prison, the warden sends a group of inmates out of prison, they steal the convenience stores of the same name from Rockwood. of consumer goods, and return to prison with the booty. By taking what's in the convenience stores, (I guess) they're taking what they think Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this flimsy premise, the film appears and clogs frequently. On top of that, the jokes that you think would be the salvation of this movie are not even funny, not even from Mr. No Respect himself. That is also incredibly disappointing, because you would expect a movie with Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith, and other Oscar nominees, to make it at least a little funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with an awful British accent (can not this movie afford a British person ?!), and every joke was made poorly and poorly made. timed by practically all the members of this set. It just was not a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated R mainly by language (and a nudity scene). The irony of this fact is that many of the jokes are so insulting to the audience that even children (if they edit the language) would come out of this movie. Physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's pet monkey torments Quaid's character. When the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who would not know where that joke goes? <br /> <br /> Being a direct comedy to the video, of course I did not expect anything. Oscar winning material here. The truth is that, however, Dangerfield has done some great and timeless comedies before. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still hilarious, and definitely not worthy of an Oscar in the least. However, there is a difference between making a silly comedy that is fun and making a silly comedy. With this last type of comedy, it seems that the filmmakers do not even try, which is precisely the case with this excuse excuses for a waste of 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your batch of forgettable comedies like "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, I daresay, is not even worth seeing.
