I'm not sure what to do with this dramatic drama of 2007. Trying to be a new millennium hybrid between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides, this film ends up being an erratic mess that changes so mercifully between comedy and melodrama that the tone Emotional always seems to be off. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental direction of Garry Marshall and the dark and confusing script of Mark Andrus. The story centers on the relationship that develops between Mother Lilly and her daughter Rachel, who have driven from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where Grandma Georgia lives. The idea is that Lilly leaves Rachel for the summer under the jurisdiction of the task manager of Georgia full of his draconian rules since the 17-year-old has become an incorrigible hell. <br /> <br /> The configuration is quite clear, but the characters are made to change quickly and, often, inexplicably between sympathetic and sharp to adapt to the contours of history. It is diverted at random by issues of alcoholism, sexual abuse of children and dysfunctional families until it is based on its resolution. The three actresses in the center exchange some of the dramatic convolutions, but to varying degrees. Probably due to her off-screen reputation and harsh smoker's voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable, though it becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give a reason for her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly with two strident notes: like a petulant and resentful daughter towards a mother who never approached her and like a furious and alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her own responsibility in the mental state of her daughter . She does what she can with paper on both fronts, but her efforts never add up to a human being of flesh and blood. <br /> <br /> Near the seventies, Jane Fonda looks great, even when the weather is beaten as she is here, and has the presence of a star to get away with the dimensions of a Georgian caricature. The problem I have with Fonda's casting is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of single-line phrases and maternal looks. Between this and the execrable Monster-in-Law of 2005, one wonders if her best work is behind her. It should not be surprising that the male counterparts of the actresses are completely eclipsed. Garrett Hedlund seems like a surfer guy like naive Harlan, a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two-year missionary stay. Cary Elwes plays with a familiar suspicious note like Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case in which predictable casting seems to telegraph the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> There is also the omnipresent Dermot Mulroney in the malicious triple role of the wounded. The widower, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new boss as city veterinarian, Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has an almost nonexistent role as Simon's sister, Paula, while Marshall, Hector Elizondo and singer Paul Williams appear in cameos. Part of Andrus's dialogue is simply awful and the somber serious somber tone never settles on anything that feels right. There are several little extras with the 2007 DVD, none very exciting. Marshall provides a commentary track that has a lot of his characteristic laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations at the end, and a reel of gag. It includes a seven-minute prep set, as well as the original trailer, a six-minute short that highlights the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
