Revolt of the Zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his partner Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and put them under their control by turning them into zombies without a mind (A bit like the people I really work with). Anyway, Tsiang is killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy) but he can not get the knowledge to turn people into zombies. General Duval organized an expedition to find the secret, since Tsiang is not going to tell them much. General Duval leads the expedition along with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) who is engaged to Louque, who also attends. During the expedition, Claire leaves to Louque by its companion Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) in which Louque is not very happy. In a way that could only happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies by himself and starts using his new found power to take revenge on Claire and Clifford ... Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of The Zombies has a bad reputation and after seeing it I can see why. The script of Halperin, Howard Higgin and Rollo Lloyd, uncredited, has a good central idea, but it dies of stone when dying to be boring and as exciting as seeing the paint dry. Not much happens through the ages and then nothing happens either. How Halperin describes his zombies is different from what most modern audiences would consider as zombies, these zombies are simply people with brainwashing and film audiences would have to wait more than thirty years before George A. Romero defined what is considered a zombie like In the Night of the Living Dead (1968). With only one hour in duration, Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long. Technically, the film is fine, since it was made 70 years ago, black and white cinematography is adequate, although some of the scenes seem filmed against a photo of the location of the background. The performance is wooden and largely unimpressive. Revolt of the Zombies could have been a hot topic in 1936, but it has not gone well and in 2005 it is an absolute task to sit down. I think the movie is now in the public domain, since it appears on a lot of DVD compilations and ultra-cheap budget labels, but it's still not worth seeing, no matter how cheap you can get it.
