Although the title includes the word "zombies", this movie is not what you would expect from a movie made today, although by 1936 the concept is presented as well as one would probably expect. Dean Jagger plays Armand Louque, a French Army officer of the First World War, who has run into an old story of soldiers turned into robots, or "zombies", which are waterproof in battle and can hold the key to Victory in the war. , although which side is not sure. At first, he has trouble convincing his superiors of this phenomenon, but finally French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story is presented in the context of a love triangle involving Louque, the daughter of Duval, Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), who are part of the expedition. When Louque laments his lack of strength and resolve, Grayson offers advice to go after what he wants in life with all his power. That advice begins to transform Louque, particularly after he has managed to obtain a stone tablet that looks like a photo of the ancient city. Having followed a priest from the temple to a swamp, Louque now seems to keep the secret he had been looking for, although it is not clear how he has been able to instantly control the power of "zombification". All you need to do is place your right fist on your forehead, simulating a third eye, and throw your thoughts at those you wish to control. This is useful to recover your girl and follow the first advice of Grayson while commenting to his servant: "Buna, we are learning to be ruthless". <br /> <br /> Fans of the first horror films "B" will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's characteristic look, taken from the 1932 film "White Zombie", also by director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is preferably superior, both in the content of the story and in the representation of the undead, where the zombies have a more sinister appearance and are more threatening. In "Revolt", zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed look that simply reacts to their mentor's orders. In fact, the real revolt of the title occurs only when Louque frees the soldiers from his mental command in deference to his love for Claire; they invade his compound and kill him in the process. <br /> <br /> Not to be too harsh in the movie, it performs decently within the parameters of your story, but if you're thinking of "zombies!" within the traditional context, you'll probably be disappointed. If you want to try an early treatment of the subject, the aforementioned "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
