Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first sequel to Darkman as well. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2, and it's nothing special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is not more like a main villain, who is now played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character, once again, wants to get Darkman's work and create some ultra-strong humans this time to get the leadership of the whole city. The movie is more or less the same in the plot and the execution as Darkman 2, but most of the Darkman 2 scenes irritated me. These sequels were made in a short time and with little money, so these types of decisions had to be made. A couple of scenes are quite elegant and exciting, but even so, this is a pretty tired and often also stupid movie. The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the movie, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2 that still can not match. Darkman 2 had many great scenes and an elegant camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to be a great villain. Darkman 3 offers only a few scenes and nice moments, but mainly this movie is tired and full of clichés. The few positive things about this movie are the flashback editions (the nightmares of Westlake) and a couple of really surprising twists and turns. And it is worth mentioning that it is also the rather unpleasant death scene of the main villain, who was quite comical and inventive without any bleeding. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst of the whole series, and we must remember that these two sequels were made directly to the video and that they do not even come close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was well in action, with many great scenes and suspense, but the latter (?) Entry is tired and often stupid and boring part of the sequel. It has some merits as mentioned, but the general feeling is that this should not be done in the first place. May is a talented director, so I hope he can get some more notable projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
