I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a great action star to the Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to some extent. He had some important moments in his career, but he also made bad decisions and this is definitely one of them, although later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that, honestly, I think they seriously thought they were doing a provocative and serious thriller. It is shown in the way they describe it in IMDb, in the case of the DVD, in the comments, and this movie is not serious. Calling it campy would be a great euphemism. The film tries to be complex and intelligent when, in fact, it is only superficial, confusing and free. In addition to that, they put Lundgren, who is known for action movies, in an attempt at a serious role that makes him even more attractive because his rank as an actor is quite limited. The whole movie revolves around the perverted sexual world and, nevertheless, they try to turn it into a serious thriller? The plot and the premise immediately make it a B-Movie at best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the ex-cop and the furious alcoholic Matt Sorenson, who decides to play Detective when his brother is murdered. I mean to put aside the numerous gaps in the plot where Lundgren can roam freely to investigate the crime scenes, and the witnesses and everything else, even though he is no longer a cop and still has a rather strange performance and quite lacking brightness of Lundgren. Danielle Brett is the eventual love interest of Lundgren and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role quite decently considering the script and the story of Campy. The cast of support is huge and nobody stands out especially in their performances unless it is on the negative side, like the absolutely horrible performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, who seems to have several different names in the film, has a horrible accent and is really horrible. villain. <br /> <br /> Honestly I tried to get into the mystery, shoot and look closely, but there was no reason to do it because everything was a tangle of ridiculous plot and free sex games that included a ridiculously ridiculous scene. where Lundgren is going to hide and is lying face down almost naked. To explain how elegant and well made this movie is (sarcasm ... sarcasm) the back of the DVD that I picked up (it was very cheap) has the Lundgren character listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in the movie.) Although, somehow, Lundgren manages to be generally visible, the film falls flat on his face trying to be serious. Considering that director Anthony Hickox is famous for the B-Movie horror films it really only makes sense, although I think he really was trying to be serious. Lundgren fans of the cult of the hard core will have to see it ... no one else should ... certainly by any kind of mystery or suspense. 3/10
