This is one of those movies where people keep saying "That's a great idea!" about the worst ideas you've heard. Then they act on them. I like it. This image is more fun than any 3 dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, so is SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira's films have been cannibalizing their own stories of origin since the 60s, but this goes further. What can you say about a culture willing to violate its own sacred cultural icons for quick money? This farce features a suicide bomber of World War II in "the last of the Marshall Islands" that presents weapons to a dinosaur that persecuted the US Marines. Then, the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight the last man and, instead, leave the territory annexed in their name by this giant lizard. They retire to the continent, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. <br /> <br /> Then it gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blond men of the future, irritated that they have not yet cured male pattern baldness, come back in time in a kind of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and a celebrity psychic to help you eliminate Godzilla before he destroys Japan. The "help" is questionable, since all these citizens of 1992 return to 1944 to see a closed circuit television, but, well, they recorded the script. One would think that for the 90s the Japanese would know better than to trust people in spacecraft. Fortunately for Nippon, white men (you can say they are Americans because they say "nucyaler") were wrong to return the only Japanese girl left in the future. In a touching display of adoration of the ancestors, she discovers her duplicity after donning a flying suit made of a duct engraved in a Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these time-traveling Caucasians with trendy disabilities are jealous of the imminent seizure of imperialism by Japan's economic imperialism (in the 22nd century, Japan is going to buy Africa, which seems more of a responsibility than an asset). These blondes in chintz suits quilted with straps that do not work and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but it is known that Toho can not do enough to avoid having to build that whole Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> Indeed, we are offered the alternate spectacle of Fukuoka ("my garden city") and some other metropolitan areas unharmed by the rubber monster that were razed by a flying gold metalflake 1/3 of a hydra . In a surprise revelation, we are informed that King Ghidorah was created from some hand puppets that were left too long in the microwave. Godzilla also does his part of the demolition as the movie ends. Wait, did the blondes of the spacecraft no longer destroy Godzilla? Yes, they killed him in the third roll. But nobody expected that the Japanese of 1992 had a secret submarine full of nuclear missiles: "Ha, ha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters," with which to launch a new Godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur. Only they do not have to, because an old nuclear shipwreck with leaks has already made Godzilla complete again. Oh, and Godzilla finally arrives in Tokyo, meeting his old army buddy in a comforting moment of tears of recognition. They look each other in the eye, and Godzilla nods his head as if to say, "I have to do it, man." The tycoon nods his head in understanding. Then Godzilla blows it up. <br /> <br /> I should also mention here that, to prevent Godzilla's renewed angry self from fulfilling its destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl of the future returns to the future to ask. Looking for help from a white bald man, yes. Probably because he pities her as the only Asian character of the 23rd century, he agrees to build a Mecha-Ghidora and send it back to the 1990s, so together, these two giant monsters can, uh, fulfill Godzilla's fate and destroy to Japan. With a wonderful nod to the notorious whip heads, the girl who pilots Mecha-Ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> The design of the Godzilla suit is largely due to Sumo: his thighs are loose enough to bend for Rush Limbaugh, and his belly and chest are thick and heavy. But there is more explosive masonry in this image than in most of his adventures, which makes up for it. He also has a man who looks a lot like Robert Patrick playing with a killer robot. Yes, in the future even robots will have bald spots. In addition, Megumi Odaka, repeating her role as Micki, the only Japanese girl who was born with bigger ears than her Disney namesake and an even bigger acting style than that. It's not his fault: many Japanese directors seem to feel that a seventy-foot screen is not big enough to show the emotion of a human face. I did some acting for Japanese television, and I can tell you that they push you to do it. Apparently they urge their writers in the same way. Thank God.
