The premise of Circle of Two is intriguing. A forbidden love between a sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable given the society's standards. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it does not fulfill its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have thought more about the script. When I saw this movie, I hoped to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I got a boring dialogue, a useless conference on art, outings in which Sarah seemed to have fun further away from Ashleigh and a final scene so artificial that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. So one can imagine how the film's problems were further aggravated by the largely amateur cast that Jules Dassin put together. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I did not believe for a second that his character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance seemed superficial, like a contestant in a beauty contest. It was as if she forced herself to be happy, when the script required that she be happy, and that she was sad, when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the end when she did not say anything. That was probably the way that Sarah Norton of Tatum closest came to be real. But Tatum was not the only one to blame. Ashleigh by Richard Burton lacked the charm, charisma and complexity to attract even women her age, let alone a fifteen-year-old child. The rest of the cast was also lousy. Even their argument was not convincing, because they waited to take turns. Who does that Michael Wincott as Paul's jealous ex-boyfriend was probably the best in this movie, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassin's management disappointed everyone; But it is also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Lolita de Kubrick did that with James Mason and Sue Lyon; The fugitive train of Konchalovsky went beyond the script with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing convicts. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite his own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never succeeds. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an old man A painter and a teenage girl are good, but his execution in Circle of Two is terrible. In many ways, it's a shame that a controversial Lolita-type story. What would most film directors prefer to avoid for understandable reasons? He did not receive a more intelligent treatment; that a script that the actors had rehearsed with pleasure was not written; that the actors, who were committed to their part or had the talent to make their characters real, could not be found; and that the director Jules Dassin (who did much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to want to put his foot down and say: "Before filming, we must rethink the love story and renew the script." The only aspect positive is that one day you can make a smart movie about a senior painter and a teenager who fall in love. If a film like this ever appears, this will surely be a polemic, a debate and questions for many years.
