That's the question you should ask yourself when you see this movie "What was the point?" This movie was only an hour and a half of confusion with completely unpleasant people (we will not use the word actors) and a script that one could say did not exist. <br /> <br /> One of the things that most made me laugh about this movie was that it said "Victorian story written by", which means that there was actually a script for that part of the story. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue, and was only composed of photos of a boy looking at a girl and vice versa. Make that part of the film saved like a camera left in a train station. <br /> <br /> OK, it's time for the story. Start with a guy sitting in a chair without leaving it. Oh blocking, who needs you? These journalists come to your house and practically ask you to tell this story about these dead girls. Thus begins the story in the Victorian era. and that's how the scene goes (the boy and the girl are in a field, the beautiful music begins to play) (the boy looks at the girl) (the girl looks at the boy) (the boy looks at the girl) clipped to the movie. That's almost everything that happens in about half the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is an incredibly uncomfortable dialogue about a group of models who want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them one and when I say that the dialogue is uncomfortable, I mean, if I were a dancer, it would shoot during the MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie is nice. The models are incredibly irritating, the Victorian people do not speak, and the guy who tells the story has the personality of a sack of onions. So eventually all the girls are killed. and by dead, I mean drugs off the screen. Oh You showed a death? And by death do I mean to hold your face until you put on your blood makeup? amazing. <br /> <br /> HOW this guy even knows that this story baffles me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? There was not a boy in that apartment! The door was locked with no key, the windows were connected to a fire escape that was too rotten to work, how the hell did he see all that? Oh hole pattern. We love you So the movie ends with the journalist who says "I think you invented it, you're wasting your time" despite the fact that she begged you for the interview in the first place. Whatever is. This movie was stupid, meaningless and had no meaning with many plot holes. I could continue talking about this movie, but I do not see the need. I would rather spend my time doing something useful. How to thread something. "The threshold of hell" belongs more in purgatory with 2 foolish models. from 10.
