Seeing Floored by Love, one of the thoughts comes to me almost immediately: "My God, it seems like a very bad comedy". Indeed, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that could start this fall in Canada, the poor poor of Canada. <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple living in Vancouver. Janet has already told her mother, but Cara's parents still do not know what her daughter's homosexuality is like. However, the pressure is on itself when parents come from Malaysia for their younger brother's wedding. That same week, British Colombia legalizes gay marriage. With Janet wanting to get married, Cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. It will? Could she? Could she? Cara's situation contrasts with that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at age fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) will be coming soon for a visit. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of being finally accepted by Jesse will be hurt by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Will it help to dial the 1-800-Makeover? <br /> <br /> The dialogue and delivery come directly from a minor program of 1950 along with exaggerated physical exaggeration. Full House-style melodrama is enough to make you shudder from time to time and comedy attempts to a large extent fail. McIlroy, Millar and Sky are the only artists that approach the competition in this miscalculation, but given the material they have to work with, it is not surprising that nobody impresses. It is possible that the countryside was intentional. It often seems that there is no way that the actors are really that bad, that they should be trying to imitate the inferior sitcoms of yesteryear. If this is the case, then this revision should probably be rewritten. The rewrite would focus on Floored by Love being a poor and ineffective delivery of old situation comedies. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Desiree Lim has created a bland-by festival of numbers that is completely forgettable. There was a time when simply having an openly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen. That time is gone. On this day we also need quality.
