I think Shakespeare explained what I just read beautifully. I think he (the lady) protests too much. The whole thing sounded to me as if the author were trying to convince himself! Locate profane literature (writings of the same period of time but not related to the Bible) several times, however, I can think of at least three references from the top of my head that lend historical accuracy to the events contained in the Bible. Anyone can skew the data and test what they want, but it does not make it true. Customs change, definitions of words change over time (look in English and German, where obviously is a common root) nothing remains the same, it is always growing and changing. The bible has many different translations, but the King James Version is the one that I have found to be the best when it comes to any type of research. In the King James version you will notice that there are certain words written in italics. These words have been added by the translators and can be removed and the mean of the whole verse changes. The writings of the time of Christ were written without spaces, without punctuation, without paragraphs and without numerical verses. These writings seem like a long word and the translators added all of the above. For example, how would you read this? GOD How do you read it as God is nowhere or reads it as God is now here? Same string of letters, two completely different meanings. This is the reason why many Bible researchers use a 'Lexicon' to help them in translation, because it provides a word-for-word translation of the original in Arabic, Greek or Hebrew, depending on the language in which the Scriptures were originally written. It is also interesting to note that when translated into symbolic logic, you can prove that God exists but you can not prove that He does not exist. In the end, I love listening to people who think they are so smart that they are qualified to judge the Almighty. Talk about ego! Keeping the soap box, God bless Maegi
