I sat through this movie waiting for a film based on facts and that provokes reflection. But, instead, they were given some of the least elaborate arguments against the Christian faith imaginable. For example, in an effort to demonstrate that Christianity is intrinsically violent, the narrator constantly cites the Bible without giving context and, therefore, alters the meaning of the text. Jesus is cited as the commander of the execution of those who disobey him, when in fact, the quotation is from a parable that Jesus told, involving a king who is then quoted. Thus, the narrator makes it look like Jesus says something when in fact he is telling a story where one of his characters says it. This is dishonesty in a very obvious way. Is this really what atheism has to offer the world? This film also attempts to use the success of the Passion of Christ on Jesus Christ: the superstar and The Last Temptation of Christ as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty. It does not mention the fact that the Passion was the most accurate biblical film historically to date. He does not mention the fact that he was actually the one most loved by the group's critics. Then he edits in a series of violent images of the Passion as if he wanted to underline his point. Ironically, it does not mention the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which appeared a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, versus a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was their mocking of people who really knew more about the subject he did. All the Christians he interviewed were average people in the parking lot of Billy Graham's New York Crusade. The atheists who interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said it started when the Holy Spirit came to the disciples on Pentecost. Which is correct (Acts 2). Then he gives the comment: "Is not it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith?" and proceeds to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after being stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor guy seems convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2. More deception? Or is this simply ignorance? He also says without meaning that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus, which were witnessed by people (whom Paul names in the passage) for the Corinthians to question if they have doubts. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full of garbage there is. This 'documentary' is. But since I do not have time or patience to analyze them all, I'll skip to the end. It is obvious throughout the entire film that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his education in the church. And the culminating interview is YOUR CHILD PRINCIPLE! In a last attempt to disprove the Christian faith, the narrator tries to make a fool of someone who gave him a detention as a child. Is this what happens as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Surely there are intelligent atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that is not a bunch of invented garbage that passes itself off as "facts".
