First, let me say that I do not believe in God (if he wants to use the word atheist, fine, but I do not like that word because it describes what I am not, not what I am) but I hated this. "Documentary." Production values ​​were almost non-existent, the premise extremely unstable and everything seemed to be an exercise in the insecurities of Brian Flemming. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur director at best. The narrative sounded as if he had only narrated about the film all at once, and he did not practice at all. There were many ways to do umms and pauses when I should have been talking in the movie. The animation was also pretty bad. <br /> <br /> The general idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not believe that if Jesus was really a man he does not say anything about the existence of God. From my personal point of view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time when there were many people from Massiah (seek apollonius de tiana) and that the stories of his life and his preaching were exaggerated the further away he went of his death. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote for this, it is garbage) "virtually all scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee, considered a healer. " was baptized by John the Baptist, was accused of sedition against the Roman Empire and, by order of the Roman governor, Pontius Pilate was condemned to death by crucifixion. [1] "I kept wondering at the end of the documentary if this was more about the director's insecurities than anything else." I kept wondering if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else.The most telling example of this is the The final interview he had with the director of the religious school is not even timid about it, the way he bombards the teacher is unfair and, although I partially agree with the director, that teaching children about hell is something Bad, the way Flemming confronted the director was a bit uncomfortable to see, Flemming had the opportunity to start a good discussion, if he was more tactile with his interview, instead he is aggressive with "it's not bad to teach kids, these things. "The guy cuts the interview and, I mean, what did he expect? The principal said," Oh yes, I see, I've seen the light, this will be a secular school? "It seems that Flemming is taking revenge for what he He feels he was hurt in childhood. It's not about the documentary, it's about the insecurities of Flemming, and it has nothing to do with the supposed theme of the documentary. Flemming shows what he is really doing here, and that is the real fall of this so-called documentary.
