It's not as if I had overwhelming memories of Verhoeven's original surprise: I always thought it was a brilliant, well-made movie novel at the airport. Exciting, sexy garbage, but garbage, nonetheless. It was also a movie that took advantage of a certain sexual zeitgeist. After a decade of AIDS-induced hysteria against sex, a film about a savage wild beast that kills with emotion to increase their sexual pleasure was quite attractive. The Basic Instinct 2 was always going to have to struggle to provide the same social relevance and immediacy, so the fact that these are desperate attempts at rawness is so unconvincing that it can be overlooked. All I really had to provide was that thin layer of excitement and a slightly attractive story and everything would have been visible. The fact that it fails outright on so many levels, and in such a way that it is a professional nadir for all involved, is truly extraordinary to watch. Let's say the obvious for beginners: Sharon Stone is too old for the part of the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic through Verhoeven's lens resembles a Lamb dressed as lamb in the hands of contractor Michael Caton-Jones, which is flat, the dull colors and the static camera make its undeniable beauty totally irrelevant. I really like Sharon Stone, but if the first movie launched her career, BI2 could kill her. He has no chemistry with the stuffed shirt David Morrissey, his only sex scene is shameful. The boy of a mamma character with a mass face made me long for the orange-skinned machismo of Michael Douglas. The turns of support of David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these excellent actors in scenes of exhibitions with talent and postures loaded with clichés. And what about the sex scams so promoted? Very ignored, poorly lit, glimpsed fleetingly, as completely conventional as an episode of Desperate Housewives: the European sensibilities that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film. Do not look at this film in search of carnal emotions: there is none and what there is is tragic. The film is, in general, complicated to the point of total confusion, boring and laughable. In particular, the last 40 minutes, in which you realize that the movie is not going to any interest, are particularly exhausting and hilarious in equal measure. As a failed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will come to occupy a cinematic terrain similar to Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misconception. As a multi-million dollar piece of Hollywood cinema, it is a parody that will be difficult to overcome like the worst years.
