One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called The God that was not there by director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, affirms that Jesus was not a historical figure but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to discredit the Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, was crucified and resurrected, Flemming compares the story of Christ with those of cult figures Isis and Osiris in Egypt , Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and the cults of Roman mysteries such as Mithraism and finds many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to its evidence on pagan cults, it also states that the oldest sources of Christ's history, the four Gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date given for the crucifixion of Jesus and that St. Paul's letters show little evidence that Jesus is a flesh and blood figure. However, unfortunately, Flemming is not willing to make a solid investigation of the truth about the life of Jesus, but to use the subject only as a starting point for a full-speed attack on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews are with people philosophically aligned with the director, including recognized atheists such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are those on the sidelines, such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the website Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sipus, director of the Christian School fundamentalist school, which Flemming attended as a child. <br /> <br /> Like Charlton Heston's interview with Michael Moore in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus goes down the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was about the sun that revolves around the earth, then points out the atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as the cult leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who cut it. The baby's arm was for God He also raises a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins that says Christians "wait for the day when all non-Christians are thrown into a lake of fire, howling and shrieking." To make us more anti-Christian, Flemming shows us extended clips of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, detailing each scene of violence and torture in detail. What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting topic eventually becomes a childish tirade and a polemic against all religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit indescribable acts, he ignores people like the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan Indian from Guatemala who helped found the revolutionary Christians and received the Prize Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of his work for social justice, and Mother Teresa, whose work was about respect for the value and dignity of each individual. <br /> <br /> His most revealing argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults and makes some comments. positive points, however, Flemming does not tell us that, while some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, there are no texts or materials of origin for these cults before 300 d. C., long after the New Testament. It is also important to consider a big difference. The immediate objective of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to feel that they had achieved union with their god. This is an anathema to Christianity that believes that a hierarchy of the Church that includes priests and bishops up to the Pope must interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and I have some doubts about whether Jesus Christ was a historical figure or not, the truth is that, in the long scheme of things, it may not matter. What matters is that a message was introduced to humanity and spread throughout the world that contributed to the spiritual evolution of humanity. Regardless of the distortions and crimes that were committed in his name and there were many, Christianity as conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that fostered respect for our neighbor. <br /> <br /> Although I applaud the fact that the film was made and that a taboo subject was discussed, what is urgently needed is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to see it as a common thread that can unite the people of the world. While there is room for debate and discussion on religious issues, in the words of Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect." The God who was not there is recommended only for those whose idea of a good moment is to destroy the religion of others.
