Let me start by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there probably was not a historical Jesus and that Christianity is a farce. That said, this movie does a pretty bad job of proving that thesis. It makes good arguments: the gap between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospels, filled only by the writings of Paul, which does not indicate a historical Jesus, and then completely fails to argue convincingly. He makes sweeping statements without presenting the evidence on which they are based, and he resolutely ignores the counter-arguments presented by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation and lack of serious arguments are obvious and amazing. The only Christians we hear about in the film are the director of the old school of the filmmaker, who appears as a reasonable and rational person who tries to deal with an imbecile with a chip on his shoulder, and several Christians apparently find themselves at random in a parking lot. I'm sorry, but revealing that average Christians do not know much about their religion is not exactly condemnatory evidence of the fraud of Christianity. You can also say that Jay Leno has refuted the existence of Michael Dukakis in his Jay-Walking segment. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is too full of, let's say with sincerity, that the filmmaker is simply being snarky. In the first five minutes, the film already combined Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the writers of the series Left Behind with the Davidians of Rama. And in the end, the film becomes so self-centered that there is no rational argument left, just an angry ex-Christian who attacks people and places he blames for his messy childhood. You know, maybe that movie could have been interesting, but it's misplaced in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and it's so self-congratulatory as to deflate any sympathy. This is a Michael Moore film without the humor or the vision to make movies combined with a book by Richard Dawkins without the ingenuity or intellectual rigor. Skip it.
