Eleonora, born in Italy, inherited from her late lover Karl, an ultra modern and isolated house in the middle of the forest. It's winter and he meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie, who finally ends up not only taking care of the house, but also Eleonora's, while trying to adapt to her new environment and a growing attraction between the couple. <br /> <br /> What was I waiting for? A thriller indeed, but it was not like that. That's just the advertising on the package for you! I'm pretty perplexed about everything. The title, history and motivation. So, how to classify it? Well, this wooden character drama is more an enigmatic account of the romance of alienation, possession and dependence twisted into a complicatedly passionate relationship of two masked individuals. The coauthor (along with William Dafoe) and the film from the art house of the director Giada Colagrande is too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysterious metaphorical history, which leaves you questioning what does all this really mean? although when its sudden conclusion materializes, you will think why it should matter to me. What we are going through feels aimless, with a heavy exposure of dead air that focuses on details and insignificant images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many uncomfortable developments, but even more so for a lead experience, as it never goes deep enough. How do you think he does it? The sexually salty activities that are filtered never convince and are far from erotic. They are a kind of bump in the already slow flow. The basis of the plot makes it interesting and fresh, but it is never satisfactory and I thought there will be more to it and then all this gloomy persistence. The direction of Colagrande has a professional style and dark enough to want to imagine, but everything seems to be in slow motion and can be caught admiring the same views. Does most of the action stay in place? home. The camera work is very tense, but musical music can be a bit ridiculous when it comes to musical tracks that stab spectacularly and have little meaning and purpose for the scenes. Giada Colagrande plays sensually and William Dafoe sleeps the dream. It looks like a tired dog! While Seymour Cassel, pokes his head from time to time. <br /> <br /> Just where you're going, it's what everyone guesses. Well, that's if you can wait for that. I think I'll give him the benefit of the doubt, since it's definitely not what I expected from this Indie movie.
