I respect Alex Cox, the filmmaker, I really do it. It's like the kid in school that you think is just trying to be "different" at first, a literary punk-rocker who has submerged more than his feet in spaghetti westerns and science fiction and marginal culture and has come out to The World is Ready to fight ... but then you see what he can really do, the talent and raw and feverish art and the moments of real absurd hilarity that are capable of him, and you are ready to see what he has to offer. . But there are two sides to his proverbial coin: he can really get her out of the park (you could say Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker) or just try a little too hard and get too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat (Straight to hell). Death and the Compass falls into the latter category, and while I respect its (primarily) original approach to dealing with a detective-murderer story, it also falls on its face and its rarity becomes strangely boring. <br /> <br /> has a rather strange configuration and an irreverent style to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, is behind a murderer with a voice from hell, Red (something), and it seems that the killer is leaving disturbing clues with their victims: scribbled in the blood on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston, who seems to have left the shallow grave without changing its appearance) has a religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot in his case, and his methods of persecuting the perpetrator, which include following at first a triangular pattern and then in the form of a compass on the map, despite the protests of the astonished Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also Go back in flash-forwards sitting at a desk and talking to the audience with confusing but sad descriptions of your former employee and colleague after the case. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest. , like a shot in which we see the full extent of the heart-rending depths of the police station where the Eccleston character is captured by the wives ("For your own protection", says Lonnrot in case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we are followed by a long follow-up shot, perhaps the best or most curious, where they lead us through very dark corridors with very little direction, lost in the labyrinth of twists and oddities among the characters. And it is never something that is not fascinating to watch, with the cinematography of Miguel Garzon a morbid delight. But the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so out of rhythm that it could well be a beating without battling. The performances, except for a sure Boyle and Eccleston at the end, are pretty bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to writhe in his seat reciting the ridiculous dialogue he was given to speak before the audience. <br /> <br /> While the murder plan itself has the intention of the audience that this is not something we have seen before, it is in a society with many protesters and architects suggesting the next decrepit wave from Alphaville, it also fades very quickly. What is the conflict here? I was never so committed to Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and I was barely caught up in the few flashes of deranged scenes of the murderer (and / or murderers) who chase people like in the building from the beginning (own Cox a funny cameo). And just when I started thinking I was driving something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in that big building ("not as big as you think") in the southern section of the city, we suddenly got a "TWIST" that we know that in the bottom of our minds is coming but hope is not, and it deflates all the mysterious mystery to which it has led us. For all the strange touches of Cox as a filmmaker, for his opposition to feeding the audience with a "conventional" approach, which I respect, Death and the Compass cut one at the base of the brain; it's masturbatory
