The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to the bad cinema of horror / cult and to each new movie that it launches. What is approximately two, three per year? Immediately always receives negative ratings and harsh criticism. Actually, you are almost tempted to think that this is just a contemporary exaggeration. You know, how popular it is to hate Uwe Boll if you liked his movies or not. Let me assure you that this is NOT the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and frankly a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another of the most unfortunate tests. Here, Boll desperately tries to be so controversial and shocking that he overlooks many other elements that essentially any film must exist, such as a plot, a narrative structure, character development, tension building. "Seed" is a horrible movie, full of free dirt and incompetent stuffing. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the popular horror trend of the Torture Porn movies, but that is not far from it. The film undoubtedly borrows some influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but, basically, it's just another nth screen with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are more than boring and really only confirm all the obvious things you already knew were going to happen. To see, Boll was stupid enough to start his movie with a scroll text (hyper-fast) that explains that there is a federal law of the United States that states that prisoners sentenced to death should be released if three attempts to electrocute them fail. So you know that this will happen later, but still the first three quarters are lost in catching a serial killer and take him to the electric chair. Seed is a mute serial killer who allegedly killed 666 victims (do they exaggerate a lot?) Who carries a bag over his head. He sees images of animal cruelty in real life (and, therefore, WE see images of animal cruelty in real life, thank you for that, Mr. Boll) and shoots people as they slowly decompose in their hold (including a baby who cries, who is really sick and twisted). When he is finally captured, during the most amateur and unlikely police hunt ever filmed, and executed on death row, the film even becomes more delayed. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not fry it, Max Seed returns to the surface and launches into a new wave of murders; this time focusing mainly on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The twists of the meaningless plot and the complete lack of depth of the story of this film go from being bad; They are downright exasperating and insult the level of intelligence of the average fan of horror movies. Multiple twists and sub-plots in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept by the human mind that works reasonably because they are too stupid! No one believes that the cops and prison staff members will only bury a mass murderer alive without first firing a few bullets in the head. No one will accept that a fugitive convict can not be found for another six months even though he returned directly to the same hiding place where he was first caught! "Seed" is full of small delays like these and the movie gets stupider with every minute that passes. Personally, I refuse to accept that cast members and the team did not realize this too. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticism, and simply films his films the way he wants. I imagine their screams like "shut up and do what they say" to their actors when they comment that the scene they are filming does not make sense. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of annoying people, there is a huge and huge sequence where Max Seed crushes an old woman with a hammer to death while tied to a chair in the middle of her own room. to be. Instead of shocking, as Boll intended it to be, this sequence brilliantly epitomizes how pathetic and aspiring to controversy is, in fact, the whole movie. "Seed" is horrible, it's disgusting, it's unfortunate, is it? Capsule.
