Consider for a moment what it must be like to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in those places where Jack Nicholson said "you do not talk at parties," Boll knows that David Lean had lice as a child and that he had more talent for making movies than he did. Gore Whores, metal-heads and socially dysfunctional can collide with him on the circuit and tell him otherwise, but the general public finds that the production of the Teutonic helmsman is so devoid of originality, wit or imagination that he has become the ghost of Internet. An online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement. Boll does everything possible to overcome these detractors, exploiting tax credits available in Germany and Canada to continue working and raising money from a network of dentists as Zero Mostel did with the elderly in The Producers. The difference is that Mostel's character knew he was filling his intestines. Maybe Uwe knows it too. <br /> <br /> Such is the level of hostility towards each new 'Bollbuster' that IMDb users sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they have seen it. Boll's attempts to silence his critics by challenging them to a boxing match and eliminating them simply made them more determined. In fact, it is likely that he is the only filmmaker who has increased sales of thesauri when critics seek inventive ways to describe garbage. <br /> <br /> This attack has made Uwe a very thick-skinned man, so much so that he must feel that he is wrapped in a rug, but one that feels as if he is being intimidated by everyone. Like most people in that situation, he attacks, determined to annoy as many people as possible with the memory of a night full of tears in the Variety revision of House of the Dead, never too far from the surface. This strategy of 'I know you are, but what am I' to claim the initiative produced the strong satire of Postal, which tried to napalm dissidents with jokes about 9/11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia Such a litany of invectives requires a satirist with the mind of Peter Cook and the visual imagination of Chris Morris, but the Boll closest to either is the or in his last name. <br /> <br /> In Seed, shot back to Back with the aforementioned adaptation of the game, Boll is back with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is there some other guy?) who gets the chair only by two attempts to fail to permanently reduce all signs of life. Taking into account the fiction law that says that anyone who is still alive after 3 attempts must be released, although if you had been spoiled with so much electricity, why would you want to do it? They declare him legally dead and they will bury him, only for the discontented killer to reappear. and begins a whirlwind tour of its jailers. <br /> <br /> Boll begins his 'exploration of nihilistic rage' with Seed by viewing images of animals being tortured for experimental purposes. From there, is the actions of the murderer in the trade? kidnap dogs, babies and adult women and allow them to starve in the chamber only to become food for worms. We are invited to reflect on what we are a depraved race of amoral meat sacks. our inhumanity between us and our fellow creatures that act as a lighting rod that acts as a catalyst for the most unpleasant vestiges of the human condition. Yes, we are useless, sadists without tires and, worse than that, we will not give Uwe a good grade in the IMDb. In short, humanity is nonsense. <br /> <br /> Of course, you may think that Uwe is based on our worst excesses for his sustenance and, with that in mind, is a bipolar piece, on the one hand, hating his audience and what is positively sprayed in the sour milk of human kindness? the milk that poor old Boll had to drink for so long, while simultaneously removing his member and inviting those with a pornographic lust for depravity on the screen to marvel at their divided thickness. <br /> <br /> The result says nothing about society and its discontents, plus the corrosive effect that bad press has on its director. Is poor Uwe obviously a very angry man? a scene in which a poor woman is struck with a pulp in her brain while tied to a chair, no doubt a substitute for her own fantasy about sending several web critics. That it is there, but adopts a cutting-edge approach by not being tied to any narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographer who prides himself on participating in the bloodthirst of his audience and knows that the plot is a surplus of requirements. He has made a film that is shot competently but completely desolate. "I wanted to make a horror movie that was not fun," Boll told the audience at the world premiere of the film and, in that fragile manifesto, was successful, but if this was supposed to convince the detractors of the director of that he was a serious genre filmmaker, he will need something genuine to say as well as a better and more original way of saying it.
