"National Treasure" (2004) is a mix of completely misguided plot conspiracies borrowed from almost every cliché of coat-and-dagger government conspiracy ever written. The film stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that, I ask you?); a seemingly normal companion who, by the mere fact of belonging to a lineage of misguided fortune hunters, decides to steal a "national treasure" that has been hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background that play in a smiling way (involuntarily), as Indiana Jones meets The Patriot, the film degenerates into one wrong caprice after another. try to create a regurgitation of Stanley Goodspeed by Nicholas Cage and throw all the complex entanglement with a series of high octane setbacks, but disconnected. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of counting on George Washington and his colorful team of patriots who bury a king's rescue somewhere in native territory, and then review the meticulous plan to leave scattered clues Throughout the work of art in American currency, it is something that director Jon Turteltaub can never explain. Could not Washington find a better use for such wealth during the start-up of the country? Therefore, we are left with a mystery built on an enigma that is already on unstable ground by the time Ben calls himself the new custodian of this unspeakable wealth. The intentions of ben are noble? if confused He is willing to protect the treasure. For whom and when? Your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First of all, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can not wait for Ben to decide to steal the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh, yes, brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back of that famous document contains the secret answer to the final fortune. Then Ian tries to kill Ben. The assassination attempt, of course, does not succeed, if it is too melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick up and choose the very sensual curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks that Ben is clearly a nut ?? At least at the beginning. But true to the action / form of romance, Abby's resolution melts faster than you can say: "Is that the diamond of hope?" The movie moves to the full X-File-ish mode, since the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind the robbery, retaliates in several benign ways that lead to multiple layers of action sequences reminiscent of Mission Impossible and the Fugitive.Honestly, those guys never receive the information of 'intelligence' that is In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a good movie, but a patched patch of tired old fragments from other movies, interwoven from fragments, which would make IL 'Betsy Ross blush. <Br /> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD offers a much more generous treatment than this film deserves.The anamorphic widescreen image exhibits a very soft and finely detailed image with very rich colors, natural skin tones, tural, solid blacks and clean whites. The stylized image is also free of defects and digital improvements. The audio is 5.1 and offers a pleasant sound for your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The extras include a lot of promotional material that is quite deep and exaggerated in his explanation of how and why this movie was made. I wish, as a public, we would have had more clarifications about why Ben and company. They were chasing an illusory treasure, this could have been a good movie. The extras conclude with the theatrical trailer, the audio commentaries and the deleted scenes. Not for the weak of heart ?? only the thick-headed one.
