Last night I saw this movie on one of the pay-per-view channels and, as I watched it, I quickly asked myself why it bothered me. Honestly, I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something in the line of 'Theory of conspiracy'. Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why did they bother? But instead of an absorbing action and a mysterious drama, I was caught in a pastiche of dizzying nonsense, a là 'The Goonies', which to my great surprise seems to have obtained some real critical praise. Maybe it's because 'The Goonies' was clearly oriented towards the preadolescent and adolescent audience. While 'National Treasure', judging by the advances, had the serious intention of attracting an adult audience. <br /> <br /> The suspension of disbelief is one thing. It's like one can enjoy science fiction and horror. But in reality I found myself resisting the abundant spoonfuls of crazy paranoid and conspiracy-laden people who threw themselves into the audience. Oh, the screenwriter got rid of all the jargon meant to evoke a sense of serious awe. "Wow, the freemasons, the Knights Templar, you know, this could be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said that the Founding Fathers hid the treasure to keep it out of the hands of the British! And where did the Knights Templar come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forget. From France! Which explains to a large extent how it ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution. It was brought there by Napoleon's agents! Anyway, you see what I mean. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really believe that I could have succeeded as a serious mystery drama. But it comes off when another child touches adult clothing. In the end, I think he asks the audience not to just suspend the belief, but to become voluntarily ignorant. <br /> <br /> I just finished seeing several articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to switch from a good meal to Hollywood Big Mac and French fries. <br /> <br /> It's okay, it's fine. If you gasp for chases, explosions and 'gee-whiz' tricks, you'll enjoy 'National Treasure'. But it's the kind of movie, well, have you ever stopped outside of a movie theater waiting to enter while the previous audience leaves? And all the little kids talk enthusiastically to each other and say things like, "Wow, did you see how that thing exploded? That was great!" 'National Treasure' is that kind of movie.
