John Carpenter's career ends if this sad excuse for a movie is a sign. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two Vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, probably fit in the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which one was cutest in a kind of anorexic ramp model. Bon Jovi has the greatest charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two Vampire Girls on the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At one point, they are about to give each other a wet kiss, but they stop. Amazing how each vampire movie has a set of brunettes for the respective vampires. At one point, Arly Jover is offering a fellatio to a very stupid Vampire Hunter and then she sucks his blood while doing the sex act. It would have been an erotic moment, except that it was filmed as a total error, and the male actor was slightly amused when he saw Arly Jover move his head to imitate something that obviously was not happening. As far as Gore is concerned, some heads are plucked and blood flows abundantly. These scenes have so little suspense or accumulation that, when they occur, it's almost fun and there is no "horror" in the scene. All you get as a member of the public is a feeling of "Wow, sure there was a lot of red paint splashed on the walls, I wonder who has to clean it." Throughout the movie, these vampire hunters who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the most important vampire in the world?) Are still approaching her. At one point, Bon Jovi enters the abandoned church and after he simply shot him with an arrow (and he has done it on other occasions), he says: "I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you. meet ". HUH ?? Of course, the mute vampire Arly rushes to say hello and Bon Jovi re-attaches her with another impaling device. "Why Can not We Be Friends", the successful 1970 song of WAR, should have been the main theme of this film. Apart from all the other foolish moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner draws all of her vampire blood, and the people of the city line up to donate blood for her transfusion. I guess the blood type is not important? Anyway, all your vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi decides that if that blood is transfused in him, he can defeat Arly by becoming a vampire. Of course, as vampire blood is transfused to him, nothing of his healthy blood is drawn. So, apparently, Bon Jovi is walking with twice as much blood as any human can have on his body. And like the first VAMPIRES, this also has the special effect of vampires that explode in flames.
