Whoa nelly! I've heard a lot of mixed reviews for this ... but one of my horror reviewers who went to the truth found it disappointing. The man was right in the nose! This movie was performed by pure fans. They had to have made one shot, maybe two in each scene, the movie seemed so hurried. The script was also poor ... they had lines that tried to be unique but failed. Sadly. "Take the meathooks off me!" Oh man, I hate movies trying to do that. It happens all the time with comedies ... but, with a horror movie and with actors below the average ... the results are incredibly pathetic. The lines and the scenarios were all very predictable. But what made me feel so negative towards this movie was, again, the damn performance. It was horrible. Also by the Asian man who worked in the stand. I thought it was awesome. <br /> <br /> The movie is about 5 stupid tourists who are on vacation in Asia. They end up in the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia that handles sex / slaughter. It sounds like a great story. But observing someone with a severe case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. The only reason why this is considered horror is because of the murder. There was no sign of suspense. <br /> <br /> I like that many other horror fans were dying to get their little bloody gloves on this. But unfortunately with a large U capital, the movie was incredibly disappointing. I enjoyed the breakage of the ankle and the effects of the blood. The flabby chicks were too. <br /> <br /> Everything about this movie screams amateur. This is Ryan Nicholson's first feature film, and for the most part he failed. It can not be denied that he has a bad sense of humor and a taste for horror. I pray that your next movie will not develop like another B horror movie ... unless you tell us that it will be like that. Even after this disappointment, I am willing to give Ryan another chance. From what I've seen of him, he's a true man dedicated to the genre. Good luck next time, because this was bad news.
