Live Feed takes place in an anonymous Chinese / Asian district somewhere, like five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) are enjoying a night in the city and enjoying the views. After a fight in a bar with a boss of the Japanese Triad (Stephen Chang), they decide to visit a porn cinema, as you would do. Inside, they are separated and quickly discover that the place belongs to the leader of the Triad who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are unclear. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also gets a designer's credit for prosthetic effects, it must be said that Live Feed is another film quite poor and low budget in a movie of terror type camcorder that seems to exist only to take advantage of the notoriety and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini madness for the "pornography of torture", as it is known. According to the 'Trivia' section of IMDb for the scriptwriter and director of Live Feed, Nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities that take place in live cinemas, for my money, I think he wrote it after watching Hostel. The script is quite poor, there is no basic reason to explain why this porn cinema has a big ugly and ugly monster dressed in a suit of slavery lurking around torturing and killing people, none. Was it for the triads? Was it for your pleasure? Was it to make tobacco films to sell? Some kind of explanation would have been nice. Also, why did he become the head of the Triad at the end? If you're looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget about Live Feed. I thought it was a mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore and action that did not show up. I mean, putting a horror movie in a porn theater is not going to make your movie good, there still has to be a decent script and story, right? The characters were pretty poor cliches and some of their actions and motivations were more than a little questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, it is quite sordid mixing gore, sex & nudity but it seems cheap what diminishes the effect. <br /> <br /> Director Nicholson does not do anything special here, the editing is choppy and annoying, he seems to think that lighting almost all the scenes with neon lights is a good idea and the movie looks cheap about it. Available in the 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I saw the shorter 'R' version that is not really that bloody, but I am prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'Unrated' version and say it could be Much, much fatter but I can not say for sure. There is also a good amount of nudes if that is your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or many threats here because there is not and not respectively, although in general it has a sordid tone that is something to which I refer, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically Live Feed is not terribly impressive, the blood looks a little too watery for my taste and the full scenes bathed by the annoying neon lights sometimes make it difficult to know what is happening, to It often seems that it shot in one hand. the camcorder maintained and the choppy edition at least in the version with 'R' rating is sometimes an annoying disaster. Filmed in place at a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver in Canada. The acting is bad, sometimes I could not tell if the actresses in this supposedly were crying or laughing ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a film that I would recommend to someone who hastens to buy or buy rent, I did not think much about it with its very weak predictable plot that lacks exposure and goes nowhere, has a poor performance and is less impressive than the gore (at least in the nominal cut of 'R' anyway). Watch the hostel's movies again or instead, as they are superior.
