First of all, the actor that Jesus has to play has blue eyes ... half of the actors who play as Jews have blue eyes. Are not there enough brown-eyed actors out there? Jesus being represented with blue eyes is one of my hobbies. He was a thoroughbred Jew! Secondly, what about the old English films that are supposed to take place in countries that do not speak English and all have an English accent? (Another example is "Dr. Zhivago" by David Lean). Are not there enough Jewish actors or actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often not faithful to the Scriptures, so it seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, comes a voice from heaven that says, "This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John the Baptist says this! The screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy too. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will be pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film, we do not see or hear any angel. Maria seems to be talking to him. a ray of moon, and when Mary's mother hears her talk to someone and looks at her, she neither hears nor sees anyone. Also, in the film, when Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he says: "You will not see me here again, until you learn to cry: 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord', because I and my father is the same. " The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is "You will not see me again until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord.'" Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is very expurgated), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalene talking to a John). It seems that the scriptwriter, instead of wanting to make a film version of the Scriptures, wanted to make a movie about what he thinks could really have happened behind (and between) the scenes. However, the film has a jewel: during the scene in which Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, in the house of Mateo, the tax collector, tears came to my face. It's the best movie I've seen about Jesus' ministry (but that does not say much, because the others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie about the last days of Jesus ("The Passion of Christ" is too graphic), although I like how "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending the death of Jesus, continues and shows his Resurrection.
