Scary Movie 3 is not as fun as its predecessors, but it still has its fun moments. It all starts when itinerant reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find a hard news story in the middle of television shows. She soon discovers a scandalous assault of developments that threaten the world, including alien invaders, killer videotapes, strange crop circles and much more. Faced with conspiracies of massive proportions and a group of very strange people who follow her, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. The plot is not a problem here, since the first two were rather less plot. This time they focus on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles, as well as many others, not as much as those mentioned above. The first one was {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second one was not so good but still pretty fun. The third one is a little nice, but it's nothing special. Let's say I did not mind seeing it once, but I probably would not want to see it again. The jokes are unpredictable and those that are fun usually involve Charlie Sheen. The lame ones usually involve Anthony Anderson, since he is very overrated. It is not clear why he is still being cast because it is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny performance and is also somewhat underestimated. Simon Rex shows some potential since it was not really that bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and she gives a pretty funny performance. The rest of the cast was quite a lot of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene of all the cameos. Its in the initial sequence of spoofing The Ring and that scene turns out to be one of the most enjoyable in the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos. David Zucker directs and although this is not another Airplane, it is not another Daughter of My Boss either. It does not make sense to really analyze a direct comedy as the main thing that people want to know if it's funny or not. Like I said before, if you like it, you probably will not like it that much. In the end, I found it a little disappointing, since the PG-13 rating weakened it, but it can still be enjoyed. Score 6.3 / 10
