At first I was disgusted by the director Sun-Woo Jang because I felt he cheated on me. Jang had the potential to create a strong and deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but instead, he decided to focus his strength on the element of pornography rather than on the real human element. At first I could not see the characters and their careless introduction, which mixed both realism and cinema, was something amateur at best? however, this movie remained in my mind for days after I saw it. What remained with me was not the story, nor the characters, nor the apparent pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Jang showed between Y and J. If you watch this movie with attention, you will see that both begin in an exploration phase of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but are not sure of the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new avenues of pleasure, they continually jump between the aggressor and the aggressive. Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one who controls the situation, then, in a disturbing way, the inversion occurs when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very small change and, due to the graphic content of this film, it can easily be lost. , but it's there. Apparently, it is clear near the end when J can not live with Y, since his meetings become less frequent and J tries to become part of normal society. This was a huge and very exciting element of this movie to see right before their eyes, but, unfortunately, it was the only element of this movie that is worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who talk about this movie as Nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements in the core of this film, as little developed as they are, they are there. It is a film about a facet of our lives that is rarely explored in the cinema or is spoken in newspapers. What happens behind closed doors you never know? or so we should believe. While the act itself becomes repetitive after a while, director Jang tries to change it a bit with a constantly changing scenario. Our characters move continuously from one hotel room to another to quench their thirst for each other's flesh. This is fun at first, but once again, Jang's repetitive streak seems to make it more boring than exciting. This brings me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (apart from the obvious option to focus directly on the pornographic side) was that he took scenes, repeated them again and again, without changing front to allow us to get to Know the characters. Where was Jang going with this movie? Did he want sex to tell the stories, or did he think the characters would do it? He failed in this sense because at the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we would not care how they resolve themselves. The ending seems almost random at best, since Jang tries to create a final resolution for our two, absolutely unknown, of this film. I have to give Jang some credit for trying, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element that we lacked, but they just could not coagulate well together. Y's brother and J's wife were those points of the plot, but again, because he focused so strongly on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became irreproachable and boring. Maybe that's how I saw this movie, but out of the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and Y and that is why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this film could have benefited from having a strong score or a remote musical genre element for this Acércanos to viewers to the emotions that feel J and Y. So I can Remember, and I'm trying to take this movie away from my mind, I do not remember any musical tone. Gojitmal could have been a stronger movie if Jang stylized it with music or did something to allude to the beings of our character. While I understand that he wanted sex to speak for itself, a technical element was missing in this movie that may have quenched a stronger desire for more. Technically, this was a bad movie. Obviously, as an independent film in nature, it felt more like the director Jang was trying to make symbolic references to nothing instead of his typical independent of this nature. I did not see much of a social message or human element as mentioned above, I felt that he released this movie over the course of two weeks and I understood that sex would sell it enough. This was not a Larry Clark production; This was insufficient and I definitely needed some additional technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final version! <br /> <br /> In general, I think I would have liked this movie and there were smaller elements that I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was rushed, repetitive and played too much with taboos instead of breaking them. The obvious pitfalls of this movie can be seen in the last scene of this movie when we are aware of how the title of this film was conceived. Our characters passed without incident, our story was underdeveloped and we could have used something memorable to make what was happening between Y and J become something more symbolic than sex. For me, was Jang trying to capture art at home and pornography? and failed miserably. This was not a movie worth the time and effort it took to do. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
