POSSIBLY VERY LESS SPOILERS <br /> <br /> This movie is cataloged as the first Russian horror movie. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "The Witch" (its Russian title) will take a place of disgrace in the gallery of horrible Russian films. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. "Based" is the keyword here since no familiarity with the story is required. On the other hand, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It is a unique production because we are very used to directors taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. The avalanche of American remakes of foreign films is a good example, but again, Sturgess turned Kurosawa's Seven Samurai into The Magnificent Seven with splendid results, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to make an incredibly powerful throne in Blood, while that King Lear became a fascinating Ran. However, with "The Witch", we have Russians who transplant a classic Russian story to the American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English with the aim of dubbing it in English with American actors and having reasonably synchronized lip movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, the colorful Ukrainian background of the story is lost, as it appears a small monotonous American city seemingly taken from an obsolete book of horror books. The drunken seminarian Khoma Brutus is over, instead we have a drunken journalist who is about to win the Pullitzer prize, and who at the same time writes about events similar to X-Files and frequents Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought that the Pullitzer prize was awarded for that kind of writing, now I humbly keep myself corrected). In a strange nod to Russianness, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. They should have called him John Smith because it's impossible to be more trite, cliché and generic than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, gets stuck on a dirt road, staggers until he finds a house in ruins and is not well received by an old witch. All this accompanied by a radio announcement about the forces of evil in its most powerful state, and people must remain indoors and avoid water. Should I mention that it is raining very hard? After some supposedly terrifying scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest, confused with a priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter who died after being brutally attacked wanted the new priest to pray for she. three nights. At this point, the action supposedly begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What is wrong with this movie? Everything, starting with the dialogue and going down to the prop department. The dialogue that I heard in Russian was clearly written originally in English, and was compiled exclusively from clichés and commonplaces taken from American films. The actors fought with the same clarity with the English because the moment of his speech was laborious and unnatural, and the Russian dubbing followed his example. The performance is mostly atrocious, and not only because the actors find it difficult to talk, but because they have nothing that comes close to a variety of facial expressions. For the most part, they are simply blank or you wish they were. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​an excellent Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays a wheelchair-bound resident of Castleville. Oh, and a rooster of course that is absolutely natural in the camera! I know the actors complain that dogs and cats have cheated on them, but when Nikolaev is eclipsed by a rooster it is a sad testament to the overall quality of the performance in the film. <br /> <br /> There was not a single moment of fear in the whole movie, and there was not a single original moment in the movie either. Of course, this comment comes from someone who has no experience with horror. The film is full of standard movements used in horror films since the creation of the genre. At a critical moment, the camera remains lovingly in a kerosene lamp. The lamp shuts off promptly. He must have seen some horror movies, too. An example of supreme idiocy comes at another time, a character jumps out of the tub and runs towards the camera. Wear something similar to the loincloth! There is nothing more idiotic than this! <br /> <br /> Those who liked it in Russia say it should have been announced as a mystical thriller. I was not excited either. It was execution from start to finish. I especially enjoyed the fact that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew exactly that they lived in a horror movie, except that they were not quite sure if they had zombies or not. Therefore, some of them acted like zombies just in case. <br /> <br /> The creators of the film say that it is about finding faith. Such a fine collection of idiotic actions, stupidly invented moments and, yes, clichés, does not deserve to be a search for faith. The film is so complete and absolutely false that it just deserves to be an exhibition in a museum of wax figures.
