What's here ?! Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor, but maybe he is a good star with some good movies that is not one of them. Here he did nothing more than anything he did before or after. So without mentioning (literally!) The question of (Steve McQueen) in the same paper in the original because I do not want to make that comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has a lot of bad movies about her and even in her best looks she looks normal! And he really gets my part when they talk about his weird and seductive beauty !! Well, if being blond would make someone captivate, I'll dye my hair yellow as soon as possible. And what about all the madness for Miss Basinger's legs? Are you sure it's crazy or bad tasting? Since I do not see them both as not only sexy, but UGLY too! And if you hate that, get me down, but you know what? I just watched this movie, so I'm already dead! However, what would really make you suffer in an unbearable way is that none of the credits corresponds to the one that deserves more. And, of course, I want to say (Jennifer Tilly). Now we are talking about a real and seductive girl with What an unforgettable body and a unique sense of fascination like a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe), but much healthier! (I can not help it, she was the only new and visible thing here!) (Michael Madsen) Since the bad boy was much more attractive and effective than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to summarize the first events by the pool (so the trailer would be heard with his voice later!) AND He knew before all this, this is all Hollywood material, so "Do what you want, take your money and good luck as an actor in other movies!", the edition gave the film a serious personality along with a violent atmosphere made by a bright and adequate cinematography, so the main assets of it (The action, The emotion, ...) are here and are quite well made, although any echo of deep meanings about (the types of betrayal) as the main dramatic reason for all this is not so strong. Do not expect it All right, it's another remake with nothing special (Except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I tried to be as objective as I could, so I should not end my criticism by saying that (to Basinger ) or someone here was better. that this movie ... It would be an insult because frankly ... Anything is better than this movie!
