Renowned cinematographer Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this very bad horror / drama film. 19th century England has a different vision of how medicine practice should be handled than Dr. Thomas Rock, the law that states that only the bodies of hanging criminals can be studied and experienced. But the reserve of these bodies is small, and Rock needs more, and he prefers them fresher. Being a nonconformist within his circle, he begins to pay people to find bodies to study and try. The desperate adventures of Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom realize this job opportunity and begin to murder people and sell these bodies to Rock. Naturally, this type of action has even worse consequences than the practice with the corpses of non-delinquents and generates problems for everyone. While the general story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you are already beginning to question your decision to sit and watch. the movie. The whole aspect of the movie is just ugly. Seeing that the film takes place in the slums of England during the 19th century, the filmmakers were probably looking "ugly", but they do not do it in an artistic way. Everything, from the scenes to the cinematography, seems cheap, weak and disgusting. In addition, almost the entire scene is filled with something that you simply can not take seriously, and most of the time this has to do with someone (in both big and small roles) doing something that seems or sounds completely ridiculous. Francis sure did not help his actors much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the twisted friends of the film, Fallon and Broom, respectively, and they are very grandiloquent but very bad. His characters are by nature crazy, but Pryce and Rhea overact the parts to death. They especially have trouble maintaining the same shot-to-shot accent: Pryce, in particular, goes from Cockney to Irish, to Long John Silver, to some type of creature in the pond and so on. It is also a stir of humor to see Twiggy in this movie, let alone play a street prostitute much in demand, since he can not act to save his life (although his song during the final credits is not so fun). Boy, surely it came a long way: from "floral power" to "I'll take off my clothes for a shilling!" As bad as the three actors in this film, Julian Sands takes home the prize for the worst performance in the film. He is as lame as he gets, making an attempt to laugh out loud after another to portray anger, love, happiness, anxiety, choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> The doctor and the demons have only one good thing: the performance of Timothy Dalton of Dr. Rock. Despite being surrounded by cinematic sewage, Dalton is quite excellent; giving an electrical representation of a man excessively driven but of good character. Too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ...
