I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending this last night in a university movie theater, I could not help thinking ... when will this end? A very long and heavy two hours and fifteen minutes. I had only seen a part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and I thought I knew what to expect. That said, experimental films like this are better digested in small increments. There are a couple of beautiful / horrible images ... including the sequence of the title (no joke), but if you enter this waiting for some kind of plot or meaning, then a long journey that induces sleep awaits you. I managed to stay awake throughout the whole thing (if that's a compliment), but most of the time, I was waiting for some kind of meaning or narrative ... big mistake. Among the collection of images is a very ornate gift wrapping ceremony, creating a disgusting plate of what appears to be Vaseline slabs formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served to the ship's crew it is shown) throughout the film), a large cheese cake with a large tentacle placed in the center of it, and the mutual evisceration of Bjork and director Matthew Barney that eventually culminates in a strange communion, followed by its transformation in creatures like whales. . The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even maddening. In a moment, Bjork sings a song to accompany the ephemeral rituals that are played before us, and in other occasions there is only a constant touch of a sharp instrument, that we see a mysterious woman playing in the beginning and end of the film. If this sounds like it does not make sense, it's because it does not! If this sounds like your cup of tea, then you will LOVE it absolutely! If this sounds like something you probably do not like, then get away from it, since you'll probably leave the theater halfway, like several people in the screening I attended. This is the very definition of an art film. You get what you take from it. But otherwise, there really is not much there, apart from a few quirks and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I'm glad there's a place for movies like this, but I can not say I'd like to sit down again. However, I can not say that I would not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from start to finish and compare it to this. I think, maybe now that I know what to expect, I might enjoy something like this more. To give you an idea of ​​the kind of understanding factor that this movie has, I probably would have liked it more if I had been stoned. On the other hand, he might have felt twice as much as he was, and then REALLY would have become heavy. Definitely not for everyone.
