Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and very disappointing comedy and suspense conspiracy by the little known director William Richert. While watching the movie, I honestly felt like I was the emperor in the classic fable The Emperor's New Clothes. The movie made me feel like a fool because I could not make the head or the plot of the snake and the characters without sense. But I felt a little embarrassed to admit that the movie was tying my brain in knots. So I continued to the end, hoping that the whole tangle would unravel. Then I realized ... that the movie is supposed to be serpentine, absurd and illogical, because that's the point. This is a satirical look at the theories of conspiracy and theorists, with the knotting of the plot used as a metaphor for the knotting of truths, half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I understood that the joke was for me, I still felt that Winter Kills was a pretty horrible movie. <br /> <br /> The young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former president of the United States who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims that he shot the president and gives him detailed information about where he hid the weapon. Nick follows the clues, but every step of the way the people who help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. In addition, his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly rich businessman, continues to interfere with Nick's investigation. The deeper he gets into the murder, the more Nick realizes that he is descending into a web of complex lies and false leads, where nothing is as it seems and no one can be trusted. <br /> <br /> The movie is an absolute nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying for the aforementioned reason that it is deliberately entangled. The cast is full of extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most pointless cameos in film history; Elizabeth Taylor appears uncredited and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone receives what seems to be an interesting role, but his character is not going anywhere. John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and gives us the few pleasant moments of the film with his daring delivery. Anthony Perkins also has a spooky role and handles it well, although his screen time is too short to do full justice to the character. Some scenes of nudity and sex are thrown without any real reason and, although they are quite graphic and can attract the pioneers, they really belong to another movie. The semi-comic climax of the film is ridiculous and disappointing, but paradoxically memorable in its strange form. Obviously, there is a cult audience somewhere for Winter Kills ... but I will not count between your number.
