Altered Species begins on a Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) are burning midnight oil as they continue testing and perfecting a revolutionary new drug called "Rejenacyn" " While Walter tilts the last unsuccessful attempt at the sink, the pipes filter the fluorescent green liquid in the basement where the escaped laboratory rats begin to drink it ... Five of Walter's friends, Alice (Leah Rown, in a very attractive outfit which includes some great boots that she can stomp on a rat with), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide that he has been working very hard and needs to leave , so they plan to pick it up and party all night. Back in the lab, and cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the now-murdered rats in the basement when Walter injects the last batch of serum into a laboratory rat that escapes from his cage as he grows up. an amazing speed. Walter's friends appear but can not leave while the rat is still missing, so everyone helps him look for him. Miles became a potential food for rats ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend. The script of the producer Serge Rodnunsky is deficient and, along with the general badness of the production as a whole, Altered Species really is scarce. For starters, the characters are stupid, annoying and clichés. Then there is the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist, the monster he has created, the isolated location, the stranded human plaster and the obligatory final confrontation between hero and monster. Everything is here somewhere. The altered species advance at a good pace which is the best thing I can say about it and, fortunately, it does not last that long. Basically it's your average killer mutant rat movie and it's not particularly good. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman films like a television movie and everything is completely insipid and forgettable. Some of the special effects and the attack scenes leave much to be desired. For starters, the CGI rats are horrible, the attack sequences present camera movements with hand movements and really quick edits to try and hide the fact that all the rats are passively sitting there. At several points in Altered Species, the rat cages should be shaken due to the movement of the rats, but you can clearly see all the rats sitting there while someone shakes the cages off the screen. The monster of the giant rat at the end looks pretty poor, since it's just a guy in a dirty suit. There are no scares, no tension or atmosphere, and since when do basements contain bright neon light? Here are one or two pretty pieces of blood, someone has a big, messy hole where his face used to be, there's an arm amputated and a decapitation, a lot of rat bites, someone whose eyeball is ripped off and a mutilated dead cat . <br /> <br /> Technically Altered Species is sub-standard throughout. It takes place within the boundaries of a building, has CGI effects of economic aspect and low production values. The acting is not too much, but it is not so bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alice, since she is a girl and makes Altered Species a little more pleasant and easy to see ... <br /> <br / > Altered Species is not a particularly good movie, in fact it is quite bad, but I suppose you could do it worse. Not excellent, but it might be worth seeing if you are not too demanding and have nothing else to do.
