Nell Shipman must have been paid a considerable sum of money to promote the off-road capabilities of the Maxwell car. The plot of the film is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a serious case of writer's block and needs inspiration, so he will visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car instead of riding a horse. While Nell visits her father's partner in his mining camp, a gang of local bandits kidnap her and take her to their camp in the depths of the desert. The hero needs to get to her quickly, so he decides to drive there in his car. This is where the movie takes a strange turn. Bert proceeds to drive on all imaginable grounds, huge rocks, small streams, heavy brushes, stumps of scruffy trees, steep inclinations, etc., etc. In most of the film we can see this car struggling to crawl through obstacles. Now, look, this is not a modern ATV, it's a 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks very out of place like an all-terrain vehicle. And he clearly has limitations for some of the terrain he finds, we can see him stuck more than once in this movie. But the filmmakers made an effort to show that he overcame the odds and finally overcame all obstacles. Once the hero arrives at the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps into the car with her and leaves with the bandits in a chase (on horseback), and at this point he became hysterically funny to me. Seeing this car roll slowly over huge boulders, get stuck in the gravel and brush of the mountain, move forward and backward to get enough momentum to pass over the branches of the fallen trees, the bandits should have had enough time to get up to date. But they never do, although we must believe that this persecution in the desert continues throughout the night. And in a silly climax, the car climbs up the side of a mountain, and helps Nell and the hero push a huge rock down the side to crush the pursuing bandits. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you would think that the army should invest. in 1920 the Maxwell cars because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than the Hummers and Bradley tanks combined. Watch this movie just to laugh, it's worth it just to see Nell cuddle up on the car grill and say "You did the best you could, small and brave".
