to compose an audience that goes to the cinema: I am certainly surprised by the amount of positive comments that this miserable film has obtained here. I can not believe it, I can not help suspecting, for that matter, the rewards of the alleys to the critics who are promoting Annette Bening for an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen's ceiling could be attributed more appropriately to the chewing of its landscape. She is a wonderful actress, but it is an unfortunately unbalanced performance that lacks the essential quality that the cinematographic actors must master to capture the cadence of the script and maintain it during the disconnected madness that is a film. <br /> <br /> I do not want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her confusing work), however, because this is a horrific adaptation, a classic case of bad translation (I'm prepared for I guess I have not read the book and I do not think I'll do it after this). The script launches us into the middle of the mess of irresponsible behavior and extreme emotional anguish that disconcerting characters give that have not developed relationships with us or with others. It quickly becomes a grotesquely excessive assault like the tsunami that affects the characters and audience alike and left me as a survivor shaking my head at the debris left at the end of each repetitive episode. Shock and amazement would describe my reaction to the frenetic bipolar mood swings between disturbance and so silent sensibility, the latter telegraphed by one of the most irritating, manipulative and droning soundtracks I've heard, that is, when all this is not It's settling in ridiculously incongruous toons - things of the period, you know, but chosen with an amazing disregard for the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How did this fine cast mix in this I do not do it You know, I can not believe they've seen the script before signing. Certainly, they apply their skills with commitment. I felt very sorry for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh with a cartoon bag, a lady costume and a wig who tried in vain to tear out something important from the incomplete dialogue and cliché. In contrast, somehow, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to deliver a consistent and nuanced real performance. Can anyone give this man a main role of substance, please? And what about Rachel Evan Wood or Joseph Fiennes? You would think that the industry could make better use of it, and without appearing as shady as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My vote? A standing mob, of course, but not a link to heaven.
