When trying to assassinate the emir of Ohtar, an Arab potentate who visits Washington DC, his life is saved by a waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and a media celebrity and, as a reward, she is offered a job in the Protocol Section of the United States Department of State. However, unknowingly, the officials of the State Department who offer him the job have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map that we see shows Ohtar that is on the borders of Saudi Arabia and southern Yemen, in an arid desert area. Known as the Rub al-Khali, or Empty Quarter. In real life, a state in this place would have a population of virtually zero, and virtually zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we must accept that Ohtar has immense strategic importance in the Cold War and that the US government, who are willing to build a military base there, they must do everything they can to stay on the good side of their ruler. It turns out that the Emir has fallen in love with the attractive young woman who saved him and has reached an agreement with the State Department; They can have their basis whenever he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a ruse to ensure that the Emir has more opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> A plot like this could have been the occasion for some hilarious satire, but in fact, the satirical content of the film is quite attenuated. Possibly in 1984 the American public was not in the mood for a scathing satire on the foreign policy of their country; this was, after all, the year that Ronald Reagan took forty-nine of the fifty states in the presidential elections and his harsh line with the Soviet Union clearly went well with the voters. (If the film had been made a couple of years later, as a result of the Iran / Contra affair, its tone could have been different). <br /> <br /> The film is not so much a satire as a vehicle. for Goldie Hawn to show her brand of tenderness and charm. Sunny is a typical character of Goldie: beautiful, sweet, naive and not too bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go alone with tenderness and charm, and you can not make a bad movie a good movie just by turning the main character into a silly blonde. (Actually, that sounds more like a recipe to make a good movie bad). Goldie does everything possible to save this one, but never gets it. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which your character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet and innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a sleazy bar and wears a revealing outfit. The effect is rather like imagining Rebecca from Sunnybrook Farm growing up and working as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> The most important reason why Goldie can not rescue this movie is that even the best comedian or comedian is no better than his material, and his "Protocol" is simply not fun. Whatever mood there is is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who, apparently, all covet Western women, particularly if they are blonde and blue-eyed. In the mid-eighties there were many of these things, since it was the period in which the horrible film "Harem" of Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski was also seen, about a lascivious ruler of the Middle East who kidnaps a young American, and the miniseries of the same name that told a virtually identical story with a period setting. The filmmakers seem to have realized that their film would not work as a pure comedy, because in the end it becomes a kind of "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" of recent days. Sunny goes from being a blonde to a source of political wisdom and begins to pronounce all kinds of commonplaces about democracy and the Constitution and the duty of the citizen to vote and we, the people and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance , blah, blah, blah, right? But, in truth, the film has no more success as a political parable than as a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made several good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Housesitter", but "Protocol" is not one of them. the ones I've seen, this terrible comedy is by far the worst.
