The young and attractive Japanese are getting on the wrong side of some curse again, this time it is mobile phones. Several people die until the dissatisfied spirit behind all this is unearthed, so, essentially, if you've seen more than 2 recent Japanese horror films, you can trace this film in the dark with your hands tied. <br /> <br /> The main attraction here is the fact that Takashi Miike is behind the camera. So far I've been more impressed with his low-profile works like City of Lost Souls, however, as One Missed Call lumbered forward, I craved his most famous Dead or Alive wrap or too much pseudo-Cronenberg Audition style. Despite the fact that many of his films are essentially empty, at least they have merits like these, or at least something to keep his attention like the Tadanobu Asano in his bright suits imitating Johnny Depp. There's nothing like that in One Missed Call; there is very little credit: the performance is insipid and average, there is very little (nothing, in all honesty) in terms of fear or suspense, and in some places it is simply boring. <br /> <br /> However, there are times when Miike's sense of icy humor filters through insipid commercialism; especially with the instance of the television program that tries to film the disappearance of one of the cursed subjects, and the television programmer is more concerned about their qualifications than the lives of the girls. But aside from this, there's nothing to suggest that it's Miike behind the camera; Most notably, his usual visual style has vanished without a trace (and that includes his famous gore), although it is more likely that he simply did not have any enthusiasm for the project, and I can understand why. A missed call is not offensively bad. It's just a frustrating average. <br /> <br /> Miike, obviously, loves to direct. With its huge annual production, it is obvious that you will not worry 100% for all your projects. But even with this in mind, One Missed Call felt like I was just paying the bills.
