This film wants to elaborate that criminals are a product of modern society. So, are thieves, rapists and murderers (the killer of this movie, Carl Panzram (James Woods), are the three and worse) responsible for their actions? An interesting idea, but very difficult to bring to the screen in an intellectually and emotionally satisfying way. And this is where Killer: A Journal of Murder falls short. Although the film tries to put into perspective Panzram's behavior, with flashbacks of his violent youth and his dysfunctional education, the viewer never has the idea that Panzram is a victim and not a culprit. Sure, the system is corrupt, with a mobster occupying the entire infirmary at Leavenworth Prison (where most of the movie takes place), most of the prison guards are sadistic thugs, and the prison director is something like a megalomaniac despot. But why the hell does the new prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard) feel so sorry for Panzram? Even after reading your scary diaries? The film offers an explanation: Lesser's witnesses are defeated by Panzram for the most sadistic (and stereotyped) guard, and he is impressed by Panzram's intelligence (though it is not clear why Lesser thinks this man is so clever). Surely this is not enough to sympathize with a hostile man like Panzram, even though this film tends to minimize his crimes and highlight his personality? Towards Lesser, Panzram is fairly loyal, and the viewer has the impression that for Lesser this overcomes all the atrocities that he has read in Panzram's diaries. Does this Lesser man have such little friends that he takes as a nominal value all those who seem so simply remote? Perhaps it is Lesser who is a product of modern society, judging by appearance rather than substance. <br /> <br /> I can advise Monster, starring Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci, as a film that deals with roughly the same themes with much more integrity and scope. <br /> <br /> BTW: It seems that the killer was filmed for TV (not so good)
