Using tons of footage, not only from Trader Horn, but also from the first two movies in the series (for example, the fight against alligators was used last time), this is one of the weakest films in the series MGM. It is a big disappointment after the classic Tarzan and his partner, which is possibly the best movie of the series. <br /> <br /> The plot has Jane's cousins ​​entering the jungle to tell her that she has inherited a fortune if she will return to claim it. They are a little in danger, since the relative who left the money took them out of will. By hiring a great white hunter, who secretly wants to capture Tarzan and sell it, the pair heads into the jungle where they encounter the usual Jungle Problems (even more so due to archival footage). After many conversations, Jane decides to return to civilization and we have long sequences of Tarzan and Jame grimacing. Finally, in the last half hour, the plot to capture Tarzan is set in motion and things become interesting as the plans get complicated and things look very bleak for everyone involved. <br /> <br /> The painfully boring movie is clear evidence of A production with problems. The film seems to have been assembled from several different films with the first half hour of playback as an almost exact repetition of the previous film. The middle third shows signs of having to stretch things and have plot lines that finally went nowhere. The last third where Tarzan is captured and the party is endangered is the point at which the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that caused much of the need to re-film the film). For me it is a great wonder how the series managed to continue from here since this movie is not very good (except at the end). It would be hard for me to explain, except that I would have to say it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan like Tarzan and Jane, which got people back. It is a beautifully acted couple and is really one of the great screen couples. <br /> <br /> (Probably I should also mention that this is the point where the film became less real and more fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan tree. I really like the first hour of this film and it seems to me a great waste of time and energy If you can get to the end, I recommend you try the movie, otherwise I would skip the whole movie and go on to the next movie in the series.
