Insignificant and low brain (haha!) The horror of the eighties as thirteen in a dozen, however, can be considered fun if you observe it with the correct mental state. The special effects are sticky, the atrocious performance and the script seem to miss a couple of essential paragraphs! "The Brain" takes place in an environment typical of a quiet city in the United States, where every teenager works in the same restaurant and where the cool kid from high school throws cherry bombs into the toilet. It is here that a television guru named Dr. Blake and his adorable pet begin their quest for mind control on a national level. Under the label of "independent thinkers," a giant cheese brain sends waves through televisions and forces innocent bystanders to kill! How great is that? Now, it's up to the rebellious teenagers of Meadowvale to save the world! The funniest part of the plot is that it never explains where Dr. Blake and his monstrous brain really come from. There are obvious references to extraterrestrial life, but that's it. Meh, who needs a background in a movie like this, really? Unfortunately, there is not much bloodshed and the "evil" brain looks like an oversized sock puppet. The only thing more or less interesting for fans of horror is to take a look at the cast and crew that made this film. Director Ed Hunt and writer Barry Pearson are the same men who made "Bloody Birthday" (a guilty pleasure for me) and "Plague". Both are much better films and wisely decided to give up the film industry. The most familiar face in the cast is, without a doubt, the great David Gale, whom horror fans will adore forever for his role in Re-Animator. A girl named Christine Kossak provides the nudity factor and, obviously, is she a great talent? She has exactly 3 movies in her repertoire, of which THIS is her "masterpiece". In his debut, he was credited as "fugitive model" and in "3 men and a baby", his character is known as "one of Jack's girls". I really wonder how she feels about her career as an actress.
