In the small American city of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDb listing of this character is incorrect, it is definitely Dr. Blake, not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous "Institute of Psychological Research "and is also a host. Local television program called 'Independent Thinkers'. Use this television and television program to hypnotize viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a large brain with an evil face that uses the spinal cord as a tail. Usually, the brain is sitting in a tank, eating mice and the strange bad actor, every time he eats someone he gets bigger. Meanwhile, at the local high school, the talented but troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) has been caught throwing Sodium in the toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake in the PRI to help him with his attitude and behavior problems. While Dr. Blake engages Jim, well, I'm not sure what. Whatever it is, it's attached to the brain. At first, Jim is able to resist mental control of the brain. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. Once out of the PRI, Jim begins to have strange hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim hands it to his waitress Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but is returned to Dr. Blake's assistant, Verna (George Buza), shortly after by Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one capable of supporting his mind control techniques, and with the fact that the 'Independent Thinkers' become national, the brain does not want anything or anyone to stop its evil plan to dominate the world! Jim quickly realizes that the brain is controlling the entire town and he alone must stop it, before it takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Led by Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt here, the Brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong, since it certainly is not great either. The script of Barry Pearson tries to prove the satire with the brainwashing and the mental control through the history of the TV. It moves at a good pace and is not too boring. No explanation of the existence of the brain is given, it is only there and that is what we have to accept. The story is a little choppy and never fully explores a single element, is the mind control of the TV, the brain itself, Jim is pursued by the police and his misbehavior and several other small parts and pieces here and there, including a strange revelation regarding Dr. Blake that is not explained at all. As for the production, this movie seems cheap, and probably was cheap. The acting is not good, but I've seen worse, and what does David Gale do in this? In fact, this role is similar to that of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even in the deaths of his character in both films. The brain itself initially sits in a tank and begins to grow each time someone is eaten and in the end it is quite large. Each stage is made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and it's not scary or creepy, it's just cheap. There is no blood or gore other than a blink and you will miss the decapitation. Nudity is provided by Dr. Blake's assistant, Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before they eat it. The brain had a certain entertainment value for me, but I think most people would dislike it. Maybe it's worth a watch if you can watch it on TV for free.
