To say that Thunderbirds is horrible, forced, face to face, ugly looking, unpleasant to hear and painful to watch a movie would not be enough. There are only two reasons why I can think about why you would see this movie: 1; You've seen Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and you're curious to know what it is like, but in reality you're just watching to find out how bad things have spoiled it. O, 2; You are seeing it with someone under ten years old. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to ruin everything you try. The list goes on and on, but there are other more subtle and humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the beginning, Thunderbirds is wrong, bad, bad. The whole moral message and the "goal" are configured in an unbearable way: Jeff Tracy (a new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son, Alan, that he has not yet proven to be a Thunderbird after Alan decided to go randomly and stupidly. The insides of Tracy Island to light Thunderbird One. The whole movie is a series of events and fire failures that consist of Alan trying to prove his worth while his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard the Thunderbird five. <br /> <br /> The film depends on children's actors to take the film: Alan Tracy (Corbet) of 16 years, Tin Tin (Hudgens) of 16 years and Fermat (Fulton) of 14 years old, who is a son of Brains. To say that seeing the "adventures" they arrive at is painful is an understatement. Often, trying to act and use the script while fighting the evil 'Hood' (Kingsley) in a ridiculously extravagant and hammy manner acts as an entertainment for the duration of the movie; it only differs when everyone is in a different place. Also, the whole 'mind control' issue was very boring and basically dragged the film down because it was overused and offered our heroes a way to see a weakness in The Hood. forced and incidental. <br /> <br /> I know that most of the 'children's films' these days try to integrate some kind of adult material, but in Thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishes Lady Penélope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it is no coincidence that she is a little older than the rest of the children. At 24, it's almost too good to be true. Their scenes are usually very loaded and carry an erotic thrust. We see her in the bathroom, with bubbles in her neck watching television; his butler comes and watches furtively while seductively changing the channels with his wet foot, naked and covered in bubbles. Frequent shots of her huge bright pink high-heeled shoes that fill the screen during several scenes: This happens for the first time when tied and the second happens during a fistfight with another woman! Combined with this, their bright pink suits that reveal enough but cover enough are particularly outstanding, as well as how they move and speak with that dominant and elegant English accent; sounding like a mistress in charge (well, she's LADY Penelope, after all, and you better call her that). Everything is ridiculous, but the editing is so fast that children will not notice, but sure. is there. <br /> <br /> The real plot of The Hood doing everything he does just to steal a few banks is very strange, the characters that are his bodyguards: a geek-looking woman and a hard-bodied black man who he gets very agitated. Are we supposed to laugh at this? What about the fight scenes? Tricks badly choreographed and what the hell was with the silly noises? It is total, absolutely ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays everything so seriously, as he was told they were doing it in a way, but it was done differently, the way the Ford motor company has its logo slapped all over the place. Newsletter: sponsored by Ford, the camera even moves to back up Ford several times when the cars are shot, the way the CGI looks like something out of a video clip of a computer game? It is exasperating The fact that we are told that we believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the frozen Thames, against the current, rescue a fallen monorail (monorail on the Thames !?), return to the hatch and, therefore, return to the hatch; Save the day all the time by holding your breath. Is it an absolute bull and the manufacturers know it? I do not even know if a 10-year-old child would swallow it. <br /> <br /> In summary: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is exasperating, not funny, badly written and even the Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car. Everything that could go wrong, went wrong.
