The original Thunderbirds won a place in the history of TV. It was, and still is, very much loved, in fact, the first 10 full minutes of the Wallace and Gromit movie (the Wererabbit) is a direct boost from Thunderbirds, right up to a direct playback of the original Thunderbird 2 release sequence (if Do not believe me, get the movie and then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 was released). <br /> <br /> This movie was a rude attempt to make a film for children, when the original was loved and enjoyed by children and adults alike! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time in rescuing people who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology got it wrong (yes, there was also an occasional criminal act). The Thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk without reward, the very essence of heroism and disinterest. There was little physical violence. The Thunderbirds challenged the imagination to a certain extent, how many of us would dream of one day building a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do this, many Japanese attribute their fascination for humanoid robots to the old Astroboy caricature. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a bad image of the original. This film was presented as a combination of Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes. I mean, do we have Anthony Edwards as a brain imitating Porky Pig's stutter? Much of the action consists of fights like Kung Fu / Power Rangers. In fact, there were funny sound effects when someone got stuck in the head with a pan. The technology that ignited our imagination was absent; instead, we have these children running, using a plot device that was NEVER in the original series (which takes off all the equipment at once, leaving the base occupied by children and Brain). Then a dose of mysticism of "Use Force Luke" was introduced when TinTin levitated something or other, along with the hood with aerodynamics that seemed to have been lifted from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". The only thing that was missing was for The Hood to say "TinTin, I'm your uncle" with a breathing mask. The heart that made the Thunderbirds unique was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot was the portrait that Ron Cook made of Parker: he captured it perfectly. But the actress who plays Lady Penelope found herself as a child - HUH? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone pulls out something that was popular for a fan base, and expects fans to pay money to watch, and then delivers something that does not even come close to what fans expect, well, I'm sorry, that's just INCORRECT! Okay, if you were making a movie for children - well - next time, distribute it directly to the video, where a lot of them belong. But do not pack something in a family wrap and do not change the bowels.
