'Thunderbirds' was an immensely popular show of the sixties that has transcended the years and generations to the point where it is still as popular now, both with adults and children, as it was in its heyday. Therefore, one could deduce that the opportunity to produce a live action movie with a budget of one million pounds of Hollywood was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as it was done with 'Spider-Man' and 'The X- Men '. But a terrible story and an insipid performance eliminated this opportunity and soon it was seen that all that was destined for this film was a trip to the box of the children's section. <br /> <br /> Instead of a film focusing on Tracey's five children, his father and a trusted Brain geek who strives to rescue people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this group is a disgruntled and spoiled Alan Tracey, Tin-Tin of fourteen years and ten One-year-old Brain, Fermat, son of Brains (yes, the son of Brains despite being a man who could surely never mark a woman if I tried, maybe I made the child grow in a Petri dish). As you can see in a review of our three main characters, this 2004 remake of 'Thunderbirds' was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under the age of twelve instead of trying to attract as wide a range of age as those involved in it. Very superior rebirth of 'Spider-Man' did it. The plot itself was so bland with awkward, clumsy dialogue and weak jokes that would probably not entertain the brightest preteens. The screenwriter seemed more interested in cheating 'Spy Kids' (which was at least peculiar and original) instead of remaking the show that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope. and Parker, they only had about three lines between them, so their presence was barely felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was simply boring and only the other four Tracey boys were mentioned, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brains and Hood, respectively, were simply embarrassing. The Hood, in particular, is not at all threatening or sinister and, instead, presents itself as a stereotyped two-bit villain, as vile as a piece of rotten lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey It may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see that in a movie in which he plays a brat who just laughs and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson than with Tin-Tin, since the most he can do is look pretty. I know everything for 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it is the young Fermat of Soren Fulton who is the only interesting character in the film, since Fulton offers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> 'Thunderbirds' the series will be remembered forever as an excellent show that demonstrates the puppets It can give good results! 'Thunderbirds' the movie will be forgotten by the majority and remembered by a few as a great failure.
