I have always thought that most of the big box office failures usually recommend them, but after the new version of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I'm starting to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, it is based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts who use rockets, spacecraft and next-generation submarines to rescue people from various disasters (bridges, hit aircraft, burning buildings, etc.). weekly. Well, the puppets are gone (replaced by much more lifeless teenagers), and so is the premise: only a rescue ineptly staged and a conspiracy blatantly of Spy Kids without any sign of imagination, wit or entertainment. The young Alan Tracey feels excluded from all the rescue that we never see the other Tracey do because Papa does not let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exams. Based on a beautiful tropical island (a bit of punishment!), Your chance to shine comes when the rest of the family, a group of blond rubies that look like a gang of gay neo-Nazi guys without a single characterization between they are trapped in space and he has to spend the day, er, running through the jungle, making a phone call, firing a hose at the inept villains of comedy and spraying them to pieces by bad measure. <br /> <br /> Good points are few and far between. One of them is that the film is mainly focused. The other is that everyone has to go to the Seychelles, which looks good. <br /> <br /> The negative points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's low career point race? The aforementioned inept comedy relief buddies, who would dishonor the Children's Film Foundation at its worst? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70 million science fiction movie? The terrible writing, the lifeless direction, the hateful moralization? But above all it is the fact that the film is so condescending in all possible ways. Forget the lessons of life and direct feeling, this is a film directed directly to children under eight years old by people who know they are making a movie for children and are constantly talking to their target audience, launching jokes and routines Fifth level. that would insult most children who had just mastered the art of speech. This movie could replace being sent to bed early without their dinner as the parents' favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest failure in the history of British cinema (it did not even cover the cost of impressions and marketing) can only be seen, if only as a lesson on how NOT to make a summer movie .
