Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when he is not directing a family movie, he is a good director. But, I really should not have directed this movie, and the script should have been rejected. The director and the writers must understand what the original television program was really about, as well as who the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes that American writers would never consider using in children's programming, much less in a movie, which made the original series so well received by adults. I mean, the Tracy were college graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco. And, there were characters that were killed, although most were bad. If they had written it the way it was originally done, which is not nonsense with poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and a weak plot, this joint venture of Universal / Studio Canal would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This film is an almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the constant references to Ford Motor Company, going so far that Lady Penelope was driving in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird made to look like FAB-1 instead of use what would have been more appropriate considering Mrs. Penelope's station (not to mention that it is more faithful to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. He is supposed to be a distinguished member of British society, hence the preference for the best automobile brand in England in the original series. Another critic here indicated that Penelope would not be killed in a Ford. She is quite right in the context that the idea that she travels in a Ford does not work. At least they could have made Penelope ride in a Jaguar with the name of FAB 1, since Jaguar is a British car owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use a direct FORD! But the Ford product placement does not end there. EVERY car you can see is a Ford! Even the news shown on the movie's televisions was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The predominance of Ford vehicles makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time. But, the futuristic design in the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design look practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized in excess, defeating the sense of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that were done in the design of the film were made strictly for style, often without sense of function to give that style a sense of reason. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on good performance. Actions of voice talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets, giving them life in the episodes. The bright and lively music of Barry Gray helped further to connect the audience with the story, the characters and how everything came together to help achieve the super goal (a bit of talk by Stanislavski). The film, on the other hand, had some excessively challenging performances. Anthony Edwards exaggerated the Brains game, Bill Paxton, since Jeff Tracy simply did not work despite a decent performance (one of a few), there were better options for Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others that I do not want to mention (it would take too much weather). Quite simply, the puppets were more credible! The second was the overly generic and disappointing music of Hans Zimmer, which is more like a mix between "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And, of course, the hood. The Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an outlet for the ESP contact. But, that's where his extraordinary capacity ended. He is a master of disguise and deception, allowing him to sneak away undetected (mostly, anyway) to gather information from Thunderbirds vehicles on his own. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and usually collects information with a film camera, although he tried to steal the Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in United Artists' "Thunderbird 6" version in the 1960s (which was the last Thunderbirds show filmed in Supermarionation and was the second theatrical premiere of Thunderbirds). But, while it is an enemy of Rescue International, Hood is not the villain in all episodes of Thunderbirds and tends to avoid direct confrontation with the International Rescue. In the film, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his companions seem to act more like imbeciles, in addition to Hood having an extended mind control ability, including the ability to move objects and move in flight for short periods of time. This deviates completely from Hood as a character from the original series with one that can leave children laughing and people familiar with the series who scratch their heads in confusion or leave the theater upset. <br /> <br /> There are more criticisms, but the limit of 1000 words for the IMDb reviews will not allow me to list them all. Therefore, I will end with the fact that I did not enjoy this movie. In fact, I think it stinks! Having seen the original series and Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I expected something much better than this. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action. farce. (And that says it very well.) - Kip Wells
