I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series; The books are written at a 6th grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. Although the books manage to remain faithful to the Scriptures, their methods to fulfill the prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). In addition, the books have an unmistakable tone of preaching that will quench unbelievers instead of bringing them to the gospel. However, I found myself reading these books because of my interest in Revelation events. For a similar reason, I saw this film adaptation. It saddens me to say that it is a fairly mediocre movie that rubs against the poor. The acting is actually quite decent for the most part with occasional fragments of bad acting and excess acting. The script is quite bad, although it is not unexpected when starting with the novel as a base. The characters are badly drawn and underdeveloped. Events feel scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes sounds hasty. At least the book managed to develop his theory of Hokey's conspiracy. Here, the viewer is left with an incoherent mess that only makes a lot of sense if one has read the book. The rhythm of the film is also very badly executed, since the opening and the conclusion seem to be extremely hurried, and the medium is dragged to an extremely slow movement that makes it feel quilted. The music is schizophrenic. Sometimes, it successfully underlines the mood and sounds appropriate for a moving image. At other times, it reminds me of comedy and the music miniseries. And still other bits remind me of an MTV soundtrack that does not belong to the movie. I can give points to the movie because of the panic scene on board the plane, but that's it. The other scenes that involve disasters after the Rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from the preaching of the book, although its message is not like in your face. In general, I found the film as disappointing as the series. This is not the movie to gather the Christians around him. I hope this movie does NOT get any attention in theaters next year. It would be more unnecessary bad publicity for Christianity. To see an example of a compelling, intelligent and well-researched series based on Revelation that presents a realistic and Christian worldview without offending the secular reader (who, after all, should be whom a Christian is trying to reach), read the Christ Clone trilogy of James. BeauSeigneur. It is an excellent read and is a much better option for unbelievers or believers who appreciate quality.
