Never before have the motives of the producers of a motion picture been more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they manage to make all the televelistas willing to promote this movie as the best thing since the white bread was cut. NEXT, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film to recover their low production costs and increase their advertising budget. AND FINALLY, when the movie hits theaters, have most of the said Christians watch it one more time, guide them in the multiplexes if necessary, NOT because of the merits of the movie itself, but because the opening of the box office Number 1 will be seen as a kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But THAT, of course, will not be enough. I imagine that any film critic with the audacity to give "Left Behind" anything that is not a brilliant critique will be considered "anti-Christian". <br /> <br /> Of course, this blatantly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. It is, after all, a good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What does surprise me is how many people have been absorbed by the "Stay Back" mentality. As someone who tries to balance their spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality, it leaves me scratching my head. It seems that there are many, MANY people who really believe that at some point in the near future a "Rapture" will occur, and that millions of people throughout the Earth will disappear simultaneously IN THE AIR DURING. What kind of reality, I wonder, are these people living? Is this "Rapture" something they really believe in, or is it something they fervently want to believe in? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "Rapture" has not occurred, will they feel disappointed and disillusioned? Will there be people within 100 years from now who insist that the "Rapture" is imminent? <br /> <br /> Somehow, I almost wish for such an event to happen! What an interesting day it would be! What would be even more interesting would be if the Apocalypse happened in a more spectacular way, not in the anthropological sense that the authors of the series "Left Behind" have portrayed, but as a production by Stephen Spielberg, with boiling clouds, trumpets . The angels that descend from the sky, the Moon turned into blood, the whole nine yards. Imagine realizing that everything was coming true, as the evangelists had been warning for years, and that there was something more amazing than the cold, hard and physical reality we inhabit. Would not that be ??? <br /> <br /> However, in the final analysis, it is that cold, hard and physical reality with which I will be content. My life does not make so little sense that I need the fear of a "Rapture" and the "Last Times" to make sense of everything ... I do not need Heaven or Hell to bribe me or scare me to behave decently, thank you so much .
