It's been a while since I saw this for the first time, so I saw it again with the second movie of the series. Although I realize that there is a third movie that I have not yet seen, I will revise it under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only from the point of view of the production value, screen writing and the creation of movies. , this film fails on many levels, although it also succeeds in some. What can you expect from a low budget "B" movie? Not much, and it works from the point of view of production. However, the writing is certainly unrelated, with little development of characters ... exactly what you would expect when there is a schedule for a movie. I had no problem with the performance ... the cast is solid; however, the script in both films gives the actors few opportunities to really stretch. Because the film is "Christian," this is predictable, since the violent chaos of "end times" can not be well represented without also breaking some of the ethics that are commonly associated with Christianity. In other words, the error occurs when converting this into a G-rated movie when the content, even in the most conservative biblical interpretations, is rated R in any measure. So, if the purpose of the film is to scare people into the Christian faith, then the movie should be a bit scary, right? However, he can not comment on a film adaptation of a book without commenting on the book, or in this case, a series of books. Certainly, there are a lot of Christian materials that are worthy enough to become movies ... but not in the series "Left Behind" ... and these films finally fail because, although they are best-sellers, they are poorly written novels based in a bad theology. . <br /> <br /> As a Southern Baptist minister, I confess that the books were a pleasure for me, although I still have not finished the last two books in the series. I have described them as a decent fiction, and if the books had the point of view that this is a "possibility" or interpretation of the biblical eschatology theme (study of the "last times"), then I could live with that. This series is divisive in Christian circles because it promotes the "literalist" interpretation of all the Scriptures over a more appropriate hermeneutic. Inevitably, this leads to the view of the "pre-tribe, pre-millennial" dispensation, which limits every powerful God also for the world of humanity. In other words, as I have always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to do his final work. But because many people, especially untutored Christians, can not think beyond their own worldviews, we are left with a pro-conservative, fundamentalist stance regarding the interpretation of the Bible, and we try to carry it out as the "only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the books carry an Agenda, not so much that the "lost" understand it. His need for Christ, but to affirm that the fundamentalist point of view is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly having read (several years ago) in the second novel a scene in which the characters refer to a person who was "left behind" due to their lack of adherence to this point of view; as if the "real" Christians worthy of being "caught up" could not sustain another eschatology. This is disturbing for several reasons, the least of which is that the "rapture" is only mentioned briefly in the Scriptures and its connection with the actual prophecy and of the end times is, at best, tenuous. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books is how they divide the Christian community and how they portray "true" Christian behavior. Ultimately, I feel that they harden more people to an otherwise legitimate faith / religion instead of winning people to achieve it. It turns all Christians into caricatures, equally despised and mocked by the world despite the fact that there is theological space for a wide diversity of beliefs within Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, in general, we have done enough harm of that kind to society for more than 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not need to promote it through movies to thousands, maybe millions more people. <br /> <br /> Therefore, the "Left Behind" movies fail because the "Left Behind" books are not worthy of being played in movies.
