The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaskan wilderness and begins as a relative of a deceased murderous occultist Lumberjack reads spells (The Evil Dead style (1982)) from an ancient book of spells in an attempt to resurrect it, succeeds and does not he is a great believer in the family unit, the type of the woodcutter kills his relative. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young) along with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), his boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of his friends stop in front of a cozy log cabin (The Evil Dead style ...) with a view to a relaxing weekend in the desert. Unfortunately, the lumberjack killer Lumberjack shows his ax and begins to kill friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, produced and executed by Todd Portugal, this is a pretty rotten modern slasher Me, I'm not a big fan of ultra low budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a vacation video. The script is absolutely terrible in every way for 80 minutes, it has all the cliches of the slasher, the characters are terrible, the dialogue is terrible and it is difficult to worry about someone or something in this excuse so useless for a teenage movie. Teenagers are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is stupider, predictable and defective than usual and the Lumberjack type killer is a bit silly. Then there are the last 10 minutes or so, which, if you get that far and you think it's difficult, produce one of the worst turns that end in the history of slasher cinema that, as far as I'm concerned, makes fun of us the paying public. I just had to sit through 90 minutes of trash. Now I will ruin the end so that anyone who does not want to know, stop reading now. Basically, just before the end of the movie, Ray told a story and it turned out he was telling the story of what we had just seen, and Nick & Dawn and everyone else scolded him for telling such a bad story (I felt his pain ) and then proceed to make holes in it and laugh at it. By saying why they stopped and argued, why they did not take the ax and those things, I felt that this was making fun of the audience, since they were the kind of things that I asked myself while I saw this shit and I got it in my throat and I made it perfectly clear that the manufacturers knew that the script was bullshit and that I could see all the holes in it and it went to a twisting end that discarded without embarrassment the previous 80 minutes (which we have only had to remember) It's just a small grate. Then, to add insults to the injuries, the lumberjack guy shows up and kills everyone in two minutes, why did not he do that to begin with? I would have saved everyone a long time. <br /> <br /> Director Portugal becomes a real disaster, this has the worst continuity between night and day in a movie I've seen. The whole movie is meant to be set at night and I suspect that the manufacturers tried to use the day for the night process, but it did not work and most of it seems to be set during the day. For example, look when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and comes out the window. Clearly, it's dark black when we look from the inside of the bathroom, but when she falls to the floor and the films are cut in an outside shot, the daylight is bright. Then there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can not organize a search party here until "the morning" indicates that it was supposed to be at night, and then, several minutes later, when he goes out and looks which is half the day it is. He actually carries around a torch that is clearly lit and he is clearly pointing in the directions where it looks as if it were at night. Every time there is a scene in the cabin, look at the windows, it is completely dark outside and when the Ranger enters the door to start, it is also another clear example. The continuity in this movie is simply the worst I've seen. There is not much blood, there are some scenes of an ax in the bodies of people, but nothing memorable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere, and the frightful continuity day and night is a distraction because it is very obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is the basis, once again, the continuity between night and day has to be seen to believe how bad it is. The special effects are deficient and they can not even afford to show a car exploding even though it is quite vital to the plot. This has an amateur hour written from start to finish. The acting is absolutely brilliant and all the people involved should get an Oscar, not just joking, they were not really horrible and even the girls who pulled their breasts were not very pretty. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a movie for teenagers, it seems that it was shot on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or a stable camera, it has terrible effects, it is boring and it has an ending that is the most insulting in the history of horror movies. or I have it totally wrong and is the smartest. Not recommended, look at a decent slasher from the 70s or 80s to remind you how to do it.
