I must say immediately that I checked the box for Spoilers just because I am giving this comment the amount of thoughts proportional to what this mess of a movie deserves, and I do not want to be held responsible for any point in the plot to come out. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of a diatribe for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, that I just saw it, and the unique effect that this makes one incapable of class The forecast and the structure of paragraphs required for a coherent and reasoned criticism. That is not a compliment. It is not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought-provoking film. The feelings that it awakens combine as an uncomfortable emotional Voltron, composed of a confused mixture of some kind of rage, the vague desire to take a shower, the aimless and sinking feeling of the true betrayal that one experiences when they realize who have given 109 minutes of their lives in the hands of someone who not only would waste it, but would do it in such a pompous and naive way. And I probably would not have done anything super productive with those 109 minutes anyway! But even if I had spent it on something trivial, like a power block of masturbation and online poker, I would have felt more satisfied when everything was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are innumerable. , and in better times I would articulate exactly what they were in a semi-adult form. But according to what this movie deserves, I think it's more likely that I will limit myself to the realm of jokes about masturbation and the references of cartoons. <br /> <br /> The most irritating and terminal defect is that, when watching this movie, it is very interesting. aware that the creators and the participants believe that they are making a film much more intelligent than them. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge that one can collect in a semi-annual survey of the history of Western art in a community college or trade school, artistic jargon accumulates in a large number and from all directions, with much of the information provided for our hero. the tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, whom I will forgive for this film because he is Willem Dafoe) and his accented friend Blair (Peter Stormare, taking a break from playing a sociopath for whom murder is easy by playing a 2- dimensional plot device in a movie about a sociopath for whom murder is easy). And talk about what they do. In fact, we get into this story in a crime scene that may indicate the resurgence of a serial killer that Stan believes he killed years before, so the whole background story is partially established by unclear flashback, but mainly by through forced conversations between Stan and his merchant, or Stan and his colleague, the implacably irritating Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who interprets it using parentheses, I must admit that since very early in the film I despised this character so much that I found myself sincerely wishing to hurt the actor that portrays him. (Scott Speedman) It's nothing too luxurious. Not death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I am not editing it because I want to leave to anyone who is reading this and who is thinking of paying to see the shock of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible desires and feelings that awaken, even the most uncomfortable . Calm man <br /> <br /> Well, I'm running out of steam here ... in the course of writing this, the bad feelings that this movie that brought me to me have abated, my head has cleared up a bit. Now that I realize that I am still investing time in something related to this part of my life, it is surprisingly similar to waking up after a night of suicidal drinking next to the figure of a 200-pound schoolgirl who is still asleep. Your first impulse is a desperate desire to flee. This is natural.
