Originally I gave this episode a rating of two. Now I wish I had thought more. I would also like them to have negative rating options. <br /> <br /> Upon seeing it, I was surprised how poor everything was from beginning to end. I love Ron Pearlman, and John Carpenter ... so, what went wrong? Episode 13 of last season was withdrawn due to the way he handled the problem of abortion. I think that this season, Mr. Carpenter managed to do something so gray that it can not be seen immediately if it is pro-choice or anti-abortion. It was only after I sat down and I thought about it that I realized that he is very anti-abortion. In the end, this is seen more clearly when the 'Mother' shoots the baby and kills it, to the consternation of the 'Father'. who leaves in pain, leaving the mother unharmed. But he also sees it in the way the character of Ron P. is treated. I hardly believe that if someone has proven to be a sufficient threat in the past to have a restraining order against him, he would not be calling the police immediately. . Instead, we have the guard almost sympathetically dealing with him (only to pay him at the end) I do not care if someone has a firm opinion about something, even if it's not something I agree with, but I think it's a bit lame Do not agree with that vision, instead of trying to look like you are sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But, apart from the political problems, this episode was more than poor. The music was retro from the 70s and it just did not work. The performance (apart from Ron P.) was bad. The effects were terrible, it could have been better to just not show the monster instead of showing the excuse excuses for a monster they had. <br /> <br /> All this being said, I'm glad that I have the Masters of Horror, I do not mind sitting in some really poor episodes to find the good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies in the video store: once in a while you get a good one and it makes it worthwhile. I agree with the poster that says maybe the name should be changed from Masters, some of these people just do not deserve the title. (Let me emphasize that although I hated this episode, John Carpenter deserves the title COMPLETELY. He is a master through)
