I went into a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes, I hurried and picked some. I came across "Masters of Horror" that contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They looked good, corny Horror shit from the same old man, but for some reason I was interested. He said about Pro-Life in the case of being a classic, a return to form for John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought this would be good) and all that. So I lit it thinking it would be something great and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started casual, just a girl running through a forest, scared of something. A car stops and picks her up (just for the people she needed to see, incredible?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her, at the same time, all this is happening, her father appears at the doors and not they do it Let it in, it is not loud near the area. Most likely, I have done it in the past, but you do not know anything about this at this time. He really does not want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is very against such acts, believing that it is disgusting and not what "God" would want. He "supports" what I heard called "Pro-Life". Acting against abortions and reaching extremes to allow babies to be born, they are sick. Do not like the life of an unborn baby, but have humans been killed in the past to allow birth? Justice is only a product of the mind. Anyway, returning to the track, after examining the girl, they discover that she is pregnant, but far ahead of what she should be. She is pregnant for a few weeks, but she has months ahead. She keeps telling them that they will not understand her, and that she wants an abortion and all that, but finally she tells the truth that she was raped by a demon from hell and that her father loves this baby (but believes that "God" wants this baby, not who really does it). Get your 3 Sons (armed with Guns and Shotguns), and begin to enter the Clinic (knocking down anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who should have had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. He ends up killing one of the father's sons, but in the end he is shot several times (with a bulletproof jacket). The Father then realizes what he believes is done to Women. He cuts a hole, where the vagina would be if he were a woman, and he gets a kind of suction there and sucks all this blood. While all this is happening, the girl gives birth to a Demon baby with many legs, and a Demon rises from under the Earth (not in the same room) and starts looking for her son. The Father sees this later, and begins to question why this happened, did what he was told to do, and does not understand why it is so. The Devil had killed his two Sons before, and now he goes for the Father ... While the girl kills the baby, and the Devil takes him (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it probably sounds pretty good, and an exciting horror movie, but it's not. The acting is horrible and lacks enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not even build on them; just everything together, all the small parts, do not even add up to something big, a waste of time. I would not classify this as a Horror, although it has elements of Horror, they finally fail in what they try to succeed. It felt more like a short movie for "Beginners" than by John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry for my lack of information and a detailed review, I just did not have time to waste to write something exciting. I also regret that if the spelling and the details are incorrect, I could not bother to investigate anything.
