I really wanted to see the episode of John Carpenter in Season 2 because his first Cigarette Burns was the best of Season 1 (and I liked other episodes of that season). Oh, how disappointed. <br /> <br /> To be fair to Carpenter, I think the main problem with this episode was the absolutely horrible writing. The characters, apart from the subject, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually like Ron Perlman a lot, but I can only blame them because the writing was so horrible. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless, but it seemed that they were trying to mix the horror (obviously) with some kind of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, as is logical, it seemed an opportunity to hit a certain variety or religious madmen, as well as antiabortion fanatics. And I am in favor of both objectives, but it was done so horribly that I was ashamed to see the characters act and talk with such inconsistent stupidity. This totally failed to offer a valuable opinion on the subjects and the element of horror also failed along with this inept writing. <br /> <br /> Although I do not think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the evil here, I'll say Eligió directing the teleplay and therefore he has to be responsible. There are a couple of small fragments that I found nice, hence the 2 stars I gave him. <br /> <br /> The effects of real gore and monster were good, but the CGI gore (two separate shots in the head) was so Obviously, a lower CGI quality should never have been approved. In general, I am very critical with CGI, but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with the execution of it. The technology, although surprising in some aspects, is not good enough to match "real" effects, whether miniatures or gore, especially when it is supposed to match something organic and / or live, and therefore should not be used until they are. CGI can be used well in small quantities or, obviously, if the whole movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to point out that the title of the program, Masters of Horror, is a bad title. There simply are not many real "horror masters" around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Tale of Horror" or something like that, it would be fine. But according to the criteria for directing one of these episodes, and therefore being criticized for not being a "horror master" is that they directly have at least one horror movie in their career. And I did not even have to be a good one.
