* MANY MANY SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW * This movie was horrible. I'm a big baseball fan, so I thought I would see it and it disappointed me a lot. It started well ... When I saw the bad influence that DeNiro had on his little son, I expected him to become a better father during the movie or something like that. Anyway, at first it seemed that DeNiro was supposed to be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and he had his adorable son who was losing custody, which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. I wanted to help Bobby talking to Primo, when out of nowhere he absolutely brutally stabs Primo ... Not to mention that incomplete and recurring song "I WANT to fuck you!" at inopportune moments at random. <br /> <br /> Later, when DeNiro prevents Bobby's son from drowning, he hoped the movie could redeem itself. He could forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But, of course, this goes way beyond the depth of the film, because all he cares about is getting CREDIT for the murder, and he steals Bobby's son, car and dog and keeps them hostage. Bobby just has to hit a home run. and announce that DeNiro is a "real fan" while showing a picture of him biting a knife. <br /> <br /> Now we come to the completely unrealistic scene at the end ... It's pouring like hell and we're expected to believe that the game has not been called. Then DeNiro appears magically in the field with a referee suit and calls Bobby home, proceeds to draw his knife and begins to stab all those who run in the field. It seems that there are no officers in the field (but the police are on the way), so DeNiro steps on the mound and prepares to throw a knife at Bobby when he is shot to death. But do not worry, this happy and nice movie has a happy ending, because Bobby finds his son. <br /> <br /> This is NOT a sports movie. It is NOT a fan. As far as I know, the fans are not rabid psychopaths who threaten, steal and throw knives to their fans. It is likely that this is the sickest movie I will see in my life. The plot was shallow, the soundtrack stank, the movie had no purpose. I warn you not to waste your time with this nasty excuse for a movie.
