The London Underground has something intrinsically creepy, with its long sinuous tunnels, the escalators that take it more and more to the depths and, of course, the rats that roam the tracks. It is a source of wonder that is not used more often in horror films. It was used in the 70s Deathline, also known as Raw Meat, with a cannibal tribe that lived in a disused tunnel, and the famous chase sequence in the American Werewolf in London. So I was pleased to see that someone else had tried to capitalize on the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent UK Creep production. <br /> <br /> I thought the movie started well, with a highly effective credit sequence that was genuinely disconcerting, followed by a scene in the sewers that established the premise that there is something evil lurking beneath the streets of London . However, Creep went downhill from here, and I found myself wishing I had turned it off after this initial scene, leaving me with a favorable impression of the movie. All the characters become unfriendly and unpleasant, even Powerful, and the director felt the need to hit us in the head with social commentary on homeless people. He also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, where it stops being remotely frightening, and reveals that his name is Craig. How can you have a monster named Craig? It becomes a X Files type thing, and it remembers one of the Tombs of the episode. In fact, I was looking forward to Mulder and Scully showing up and solving them all. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous sexualized violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. It seems to be there simply to surprise the audience instead of any intrinsic value of the plot. The problem is that it is so exaggerated and horrible that you actually numb the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, since it is in the middle of the movie. <br /> <br /> So there you go. The only redeeming feature of the film for me was a rare appearance by Ken Campbell, one of my favorite casual actors. You do not see it very often, but when it's on the screen, it makes everyone else sit in a corner. Choosing him as a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only one evident in the film.
