I like movies about UFOs, so recently I decided to look again at EYES BEHIND THE STARS after seeing it as a child in the late 70's. And now I'm forced to write a review about it because I'm afraid I'll start forget everything FAST. You see, although the EBTS is not bad, it is VERY boring and indescribable. The story is quite interesting but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. The FX are terribly amateurish, but I can overlook something like that if the film is convincing, which, unfortunately, this is not. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is very little violence and there is no nudity at all, which makes this Italian science fiction work of the 70s a real rarity, because if there is something that distinguishes genre films Italian films made in the 1970s from the genre films of other countries made in the same decade, is the amazing amount of violence and sex that is found in them. . Oddly enough, due to the almost complete lack of exploitative elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact. Although I do not know if this can be seen as a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS NEED more violence and some sex here and there to spice it up because it's so boring and dry. And special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It is a combo of THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: a photographer accidentally captures the aliens in a movie during a fashion shoot in the country. The aliens know that they were captured in a movie and proceed to kidnap the photographer and a model, subsequently destroying any evidence of their presence on earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the recently abducted photographer's apartment (this happens just before she is kidnapped herself). The man takes some of the negatives and leaves, and the aliens have no knowledge of the lost negatives. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about the aliens and a group of secret spies who want to get control of the negative aspects. Most of the films focus on boring political intrigues, on the spy versus spy variety. The UFO element of the story is unimportant and could easily have been replaced by any McGuffin of the Cold War. But no matter how boring EYES BEHIND THE STARS, it looks a lot like THE X-FILES! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is the POV shots, which are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgettable, including the extravagant aliens looking ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Even though I have been mostly negative about this movie, I still appreciate it. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw him as a child. And I own the video. The movie could have been much more if it had been done correctly. Oh good...
