Creep is the story of Kate (Powerful), a very nasty bourgeois bitch who somehow finds herself sleeping in the noise of the last underground train, and waking up to find herself locked in the subway station. After meeting in some way with the co-worker and the possible rapist Guy in a mysterious train that runs after the lines are closed, things go wrong and he is chased by what is hidden under the streets of the city. city. His story is linked to that of George (Blackwood), an ex-convict who works in the sewer system; They are in the last third of the film, reunited by their attempts to escape the monster that pursues them. <br /> <br /> The couple proceeds through a set of increasingly unlikely places; From the subway station, they end up in the sewage works before they find themselves in some way in some kind of abandoned underground surgery. Most subway stations do not have toilets, therefore, how I undergo surgery surpasses me. Naturally, the film is concerned to explain that the surgery has no running water. But does it have electricity? Only one of the many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday credibility that the film tries to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of reasoning for their actions, it simply kills people for no obvious reason. And then, of course, he keeps something alive for no real reason, maybe just so they can escape and give the movie about 15 more minutes of execution time. I understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary, but then the film tries to explain itself through a picture of a doctor and his son, and some pictures of some jars containing babies, and yes, it is as tired and pathetic as it sounds. Nor does it explain how the creature has been underground enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only with raptor shouts, but not enough to make his pair of shorts rot. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This medical business leads to the scene that is the film's desperate attempt to implant itself in your memory, and although it is bloody and uncomfortable to watch, it simply is not enough. The last third of the film is based on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters break and recover for little or no obvious reason. George breaks down, unable to cope despite saying he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally stiff seconds after getting rid of someone who cheated her for a travel card. Yes. <br /> <br /> After starting as a "this could happen to anyone" movie, it quickly disintegrates as it presents ideas that make it increasingly unrealistic. A total lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this avoided.
