Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a badly constructed story about a loner named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes young people". Unable to interact socially with the girls, he runs into a vagabond who teaches him a special Vietnamese song. This "singing" involves whistling "The London Bridge is falling" while jumping like a morris epileptic dancer. However, Ugly Joe tries it and ready! Now it's a girl. Ideally, you need to be a young guy to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here: this film was made in 1983 and premiered in 1993, in an ideal world that NEVER should have been released. <br /> <br /> The Film Asylum called this horror hokum "mental numbness, Ham delivered stories". It's worse than that. The Nostril Picker really takes the cookie, in fact, the whole damn cookie jar. Dialogue terribly scripted by actors with brain death, a ridiculous plot and a predictable turn. Just when things could not become more absurd, the story begins in its own senseless tangent. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by turning to himself. But I thought I wanted to get closer to them? Not content with being a murderer, Joe also becomes a cannibal and eats some of his victims, of which there were only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The climax of this terrible movie involves Joe picking up a prostitute (Steven Andrews) and then taking her to his apartment. What happens next challenges the belief ... Joe becomes a man again, but he also discovers that the prostitute is a man. How does he react? Well, like Benny Hill-esquire, he chases her "for" the apartment with a bunch of squirty dildos just to trip over an inflatable doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking. At least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. This involved the male prostitute who reported the incident to a curly hair police officer in a 2-bit joke shop "police" uniform. The hilarious performance is a must. Especially the inability of the enganchador to say "comforter" and his demand for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> Apart from the incident mentioned above, this monotonous bar movie was a complete boredom. You know that a movie is bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally, I was ahead of the good bits, only there were none here. The main action sequences involved Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly. Forget the quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stab scene) to limit any form of suspense that may already exist. The non-reaction of a girl to have her fingers cut is ridiculous. I would normally savor the words "uncut" but in this case they were far from being a blessing. Only cinematic torture more agonizing. The whole movie felt like an unpublished episode of Midsummer Murders, but less entertaining. I would not like to see the cropped version. <br /> <br /> In short, the Nostril selector is the most entertaining thing I've seen since the 5 O 'Clock Show by Richard Hammond. Dismal performances worsened by a terribly tiny soundtrack and a bad dub. Do not be fooled by the box label, this is NOT a cult classic unless you qualify for the "we use-fuck-horror-dvds-for-coffee-cup" cult. Which I think he does. Unless reprinted at 30 minutes, stay away from this coma-inducing mess.
