Sometimes a movie appears that is unique. The Nostril Picker is one of those films, The Nostril Picker does not look like any other movie I've seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker & I is unique for reasons other than what the filmmakers had originally thought. Keep reading and I hope everything is clear ... The Nostril Picker, as it is commonly known, although apparently it was filmed under the title The Changer, begins with some extremely boring shots of an American people somewhere, the streets and factories are that kind of thing, how the opening credits play. When The Nostril Picker starts correctly, we, the viewer, introduce us to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who is over 40 years old, lives alone in a small apartment where he watches television, eats meat with flavor, dog food and listen to old vinyl records while dancing with a swollen rubber doll. Joe likes teenage girls, has several pornography magazines, but enjoys much more than reality. However, being an ugly git, Joe can not tempt any girl to go out with him or do anything else with him. One fateful day, a veteran Vietnam veteran homeless (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain that Joe has to go through (he actually sees that the cops talk to Joe about molesting a teenager) and decides to help him. He tells Joe about an enchantment he learned from the "ghosts" in Vietnam that will transform Joe's appearance into whatever he wants. A process that he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "it drives you crazy if you do too much". That night, Joe decides to try it in a public place on a podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes an extremely silly dance and starts screaming. Joe ends up whistling The London Bridge is falling, listen, yes, I'm not making it up either. At first, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. To console himself, Joe tries to buy a porn magazine, but is surprised when the employee (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the bright spark that is, realizes what has happened and talks about his way of saying that his father sent him to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter ego Josephine (Ann Flood), senses the possibilities and goes directly to the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while under his disguise, oh and Joe manages to become a pupil by simply asking the sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first, Joe seems innocuous enough, he just likes to walk around the girls' restrooms and things like that. But things soon change when Joe brutally murders Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective, so along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), the pathologist is determined to detect the person responsible for killing the friends of your daughter, but will they succeed before Joe attacks again? The Nostril Picker's IMDb list is wrong, I saw it just a few hours ago and it clearly says that it is directed by Mark Nowicki who was also a co-producer and definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who was credited as co-producer and director It's not that it makes a lot of difference, but I thought Nowicki would have loved that Matthews took the "credit" for doing this shit. Nobody who is involved in the creation of The Nostril Picker should be able to come back to a camera, never again. The Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've seen, and that's saying something. It is absolutely terrible in every conceivable way imaginable. The script of Steven Hodge is atrocious, there is no narrative structure, emotion, tension, drama, character development and the things that happen are so foolish that it is not true. The plot devices and the chain of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible. The scene in which Joe discovers the prostitute (Steven Andrews) that he hired is, in fact, a man and Joe starts chasing him for his apartment with two squirting dildos are just amazing things. The subsequent scene in which the transvestite reports the incident to the police is written in a hilarious way and made me laugh psychically at the dialogue. I also hated the end, not only was it predictable but I also left the door open for a sequel, psychically I shuddered with just thinking! On a technical level, The Nostril Picker is horrible, pictures of points and hopes, soft and inappropriate music, forgettable places, poor editions (Brenda is killed in the kitchen but her blood splashes on the TV screen that was clearly in the opposite room) , some of the worst performance I've seen and very impressive special effects consisting of a few cut rubber fingers, a cut throat and a quick scene in which Joe eats some meat. It's no wonder that the cast and crew that worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credit for anything sooner or later. Even at odd 76 minutes, Nostril Picker is too long and really boring to sit on. I could go on and on all day about how bad The Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing I can not understand is if all this was intentional on the part of the filmmakers. The Nostril Picker is in fact a unique film, unique in its horror and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope it remains unique as well, having said that it's still not the worst movie I've seen, but that's for sure. Definitely one to avoid.
