Because that's all he does through this whole movie, it's getting naked without a good reason. When Tarzan is bitten by a snake, he suddenly takes off his clothes. Since when is a boa constrictor poisonous? How was Tarzan poisoned by the way? This whole movie is fucked up. They could not get the kind of animals for this movie correctly. What does an Orangutang do to roam these chimpanzees? He must have left the scene of a much better movie. The group of men of the cannibal tribe looks caucasin.Why? And why did they paint Bo and his dad, if they were going to eat him later? It was probably just an unconvincing excuse to show off her breasts and curves again. His dad, while hunting, approaches and acts stupidly around a male elephant. standing very close to him. Any true African bull that was not from the circus, would have trampled the ass of this imbecile. Any intelligent hunter would have started shooting the moment he saw it. And I can not help but wonder. if the camera was in LSD, because it kept showing several scenes that were in slow motion, without any reason. It did not make any sense. The boa constrictor with which Tarzan fought in the water, looks like a 12-foot rubber snake that you can buy at a local Spencer Gifts. Tarzan was strangely sp. Eechless in this movie, maybe Bo shows herself so much. I'm sorry, but this is a scam from a classic Tarzan film in black and white, with a similar but better story. Not to mention the plot. There's a scene in that I saw that everyone forgot to mention. * (SPOILERS ALERT) * The scene in which he is trying to rescue Jane and his father, has him standing too close to a running stream of water. It looked like he was pissing on someone under him. Eww! In addition, he and Jane are playing on a beach, with perverted monkeys jumping and applauding. Surely he took very well the death of his father. * (END OF DEPOSITS) * There should be a Surgeon General's Warning in this movie. Seeing Bo too naked in this movie will make you blind.
