Tarzan's character has been subjected to so many clichés and so many misinterpretations, that those who expect a different version (people like me, I mean, who liked Tarzan's books when they were children and have always wanted a version of the movie After a while the books should know how the recent versions accumulate Some of the reviews of IMDb address this point, but here are my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I am aware that only two - count them - representations Tarzan films, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and Disney animation A version that tries to portray the rather interesting character of Edgar Rice Burrough (the son of an abandoned English nobleman, who was picked up after his death by a tribe of monkeys who raise him as one of them and who becomes the "lord of the jungle" because of his superior human intellect before returning to England and claiming his another identity) instead of the usual man in the Hollywood jungle whose origin remains obscure and whose trademarks are his famous cry, his mysterious inability to speak adequate English despite long exposure to people who know the language, his habit of to swing on the vine, his strength, his heroism, etc. The only thing these two characters have in common is the name of Tarzan and the fact that both have a wife named Jane. The television version of Ron Ely is something of a compromise: like the Burroughs character, he speaks good English and is expert and gentle in both cultures in a kind of JamesBondish, but he is not Lord Greystoke and there is no Jane. <br /> <br /> Well, this movie is in a third category of Tarzan films, and I hope it remains a category of one because it is horrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for, of all things, soft pornography. Jane, played by the legendary bad actress Bo Derek, is in Africa in search of her father, the distracted teacher who is combing the jungle in search of something that is never specified. Although her father is supposed to have been missing for a long time, she finds it effortless. Richard Harris as dad is the best here; he sees that the movie is stupid, so he has fun acting in an exaggerated way and in a way that reminds me of the deliberately foolish performance of Peter O'Toole in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("a kind of ghost or spirit," he says, whether it's a robbery or an unrealistic attempt to pay homage to King Kong) to his daughter, who at this point is not familiar with ape man. . Soon after, we heard the infamous cliché of Tarzan's cry. Dad dies, which strangely does not seem to disturb his devoted daughter very much. And then ... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but he does not say anything. In fact, he does not say anything during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love, and they go almost without using anything while she recites doggerel love-poetry off-screen. The end. That is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; There is also a scene in which Tarzan struggles unreally with a boa constrictor, the most unusual boa, since it is the only poisonous one ever seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimpanzee who helps to twist the garment with which it is torn to tie the wound (I'm not making this up!), And this is just one of the many excuses for her to take off her clothes . off. <br /> <br /> I always like to conclude a review saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... well, it's unfair to criticize this film for presenting an orangutan, although we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa; After all, Tarzan's classic movies used Indian elephants, did not they? Also, you have to admit that Bo Derek is pretty in shape and face. (But in that case, why the hell did not make a career as an art model? What does it say about a movie when it becomes boring to see a pretty woman? Actually, I have not decided if it's positive. They showed him his crotch.) But now I realize: try it as I can, I can not finish with a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you're a movie fanatic. I am out of here.
