Bo Derek could have had a career if he had not let his late husband, John, take over as director. It's a real shame, not really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was fine. She would not win any prizes even at her best, but she is not worse than many actresses that she has won big in the last 15 years or so, based only on appearance. But there was the problem, John was determined to get on the wave that Bo created with his appearance in 10, that Bo was the "perfect 10", "the sexiest woman in the United States", "the sexual symbol of the 80s. " The problem is that, in John's hands, this wave crashed with a resounding blow in just a few years. Maybe he knew her limitations as an actress, maybe that's why she designed films for her that focused on her body, not on her acting skills. But he grew very fast. It did not matter that the films of John and Bo Derek are (let's be honest) really, really bad. And it sums up your opinion about the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burrough, the Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the monkeys. <br /> <br /> Do you know what is the worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, do not bore me. Not even Bo's impressive appearance and figure can spark any interest, and that's what the movie, of course, is built around. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca by the way) ruins him and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Maybe he burst out laughing for the last time, after being hit with a ton of poison from the critics in this movie, Miles went on to a solid career as an icon of the B movie, in films that were not great art, but a a million times more fun than this one But other than that, it's Bo's body, and you can only see it so many times before you want something else to go with it. Tarzan the monkey man has nothing else. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his strength. This film develops at a very slow pace and nothing happens in the action scenes. Tarzan, of Burrough, had to do with emotion and the satisfaction of desires (who would not want to be as agile, strong and handsome as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You do not have any of that here. Look at it, and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life. On second thought, you can come away with a valuable lesson, how not to handle someone's film career. <br /> <br /> However, Bo Derek is fine in my book. He stayed with John until his last day, has a true love for animals and nature and even looks back with a laugh at the time in the spotlight. She has also shown that she is not the dumb blonde that many want her to do. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero, she can survive anything. So Bo returns, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And besides that, is Steve Strong, who plays the bad guy, the same Steve Strong as a professional wrestling career?
