This is a reimagining of Tarzan in the era of Soloflex and Apocalypse Now. There is nothing intrinsically wrong in the use of films that facilitate moral restrictions to represent an erotic side of the Tarzan legend. There is nothing intrinsically wrong with the premise that Tarzan does not speak. There are many errors in suggesting that a woman who could reach an African jungle in 1910 could be so stupidly offensive and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when the bodies are explored because this movie is simply a central video page, as neutral as possible so that you can project yourself and your lustful fantasies into the project. If it is successful anywhere, it is implied that National Geographic has influenced the way images of a Tarzan film could be constructed. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to argue that movies should not use sexual mockery as ONE. Of many tools to draw in viewers. Some really great cinematographic moments incorporate it. But this movement is at the opposite end of the spectrum: mockery is the only thing that happens here; At the time of its launch and now. You sit through horrible and silly scenes that offer no interest, and kilometers of bad acting images to drool at the next glance at either of the two bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (congratulations on having an active libido), but if that's your excuse to give this imbecile a good grade, you should visit a pornography store and stock up. There is only one hair difference between the two formats and (I'm just guessing here) a viewer in heat would probably enjoy the latter a lot. The question is whether a conventional movie is the best place on the market for viewers to look for products that satisfy lust alone. <br /> <br /> As a showman, John Derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystique developed about wife Bo. the movie "10"; and created a media event based on a superficial project whose only merit was the warmth of the two potential clients. The movie itself was next to the point. He was about 20 years ahead of his time to think that the audience would applaud him for making an insipid and superficial film that only tried to show superficiality. <br /> <br /> As a director, John Derek seems to require only that Mrs. Derek seems nice, empty and humble in every scene. It shot horribly. The placement of the camera is annoying. In terms of editing, the entire 'deleted' catalog is sold out. The credit sequence is shrill. And it's a question of who commits the worst screen offense; Bo Derek, who is so dumb that he can not even imagine how to play a bimbo, or Richard Harris, who screams all the lines (as he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. At least with Bo, you can imagine her blaming a horny writer for underestimating her.
