Surely one of the most discouraged remakes of a classic in the history of cinema, especially from the promise of its line of etiquette, "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time", not even exploited properly . ! Although this film was shown regularly on television in my neck of the forest since the days of my childhood, its notoriety (for horror, not erotic content, of course) kept me away from it until now, and I only gave in because recently I enjoyed Bo Derek The previous film, 10 (1979), and I have been seeing many fantastic things also during the Christmas period. <br /> <br /> The leading actress and producer Bo Derek is pretty ridiculous to play an innocent schoolgirl sexually (witness the inept banana scene) and, as expected, is forced to take off her clothes a few times, but , in spite of how good these scenes were, she was much more sensual in that here; Richard Harris, then, incessantly chews the stage as Jane's obsessive explorer father, but John Philip Law barely registers as his assistant, who meekly shows an initial interest in Jane herself; The newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has the lead role and only enters 45 minutes into the film, he is completely silent except for his famous yodel (which probably has been removed from Johnny Weissmuller anyway!) And, in addition, is as inexpressive as one Of the trees from which he hangs at regular intervals during the second half of the film! for the record, he later starred in two ATOR films (or possible CONAN imitators) for Joe D'Amato and the set of King Arthur's time, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> When still an actor, director John Derek (who is also his own director of photography here) had worked with some good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and some great (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don). Siegel), but he clearly learned from them that his direction is a greater responsibility: sometimes terribly pretentious (witnessing the perfectly horrible python's attack sequence) with a foolish use of the slow-motion technique and corny transitions; This was Derek's seventh film as a director (and the second of four with his wife Bo) and, eventually, he could only do two more. <br /> <br /> The total failure of the film should only be measured by the fact that the Tarzan legend was addressed once again in the film - in GREYSTOKE: THE LEGEND OF TARZAN, LORD OF THE APES ( surprisingly, I still have not seen myself) - only three years later! TARZAN, nominated for six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and one-time winner for Bo Derek, TARZAN, THE APE MAN, was co-written by Gary Goddard, the future director of another highly anticipated transposition but ultimately disappointing to the silver screen of a heroic figure (this time animated), MASTER OF THE UNIVERSE (1987), who will also visit again (yay)! Despite a lovely sequence of closing credits that shows Tarzan and Jane playing with an orangutan and music that is not bad at all and that wakes up from time to time, some late good intentions are defeated by an extremely silly climax which involves the natives who paint Bo completely. White and, fatally, the clear disinterest of John Derek for the character of Tarzan himself, which makes him see as a secondary character unimportant in his own film of the same name.
