It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But that should not blind anyone to the fact that in 1981, a pretty ugly stain appears on the CVs of both men. Undoubtedly, John Derek conceived this film doing for his wife what 'Some Like it Hot' and 'One Million Years BC' did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, respectively, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. Having run to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in the reputation of '10' Bo, a star cast and a shoot in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, mortals plan and God laughs. It is said that when this film premiered in 1981, the farm of Edgar Rice Burrows tried to take legal action against it. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who heads to Africa at the turn of the century to meet his abusive and abusive father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who has set out to find "the Great Inner Sea" as a local legend material, whose existence has been dominated by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth watching a wonderful performance of hammy in a tank that includes singing an Irish song on an Indian elephant that somehow found its way to Africa (did it come at the same time as the Orang-Utan of Sumatra?) Also Although Jane professes to despise Parker, Bo and Rich's relationship is incredibly incestuous, testimony perhaps to the effects of tropical heat. In a short time, however, local legends begin to circulate about a 'Great white monkey' and Jane listens to the famous yodel. This is the key to the film for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star, making a rather bizarre debut as Lord of the Jungle dressed in spine. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin in English or Ron Ely, who speaks the language fluently, O'Keefe Tarzan is speechless. However, given Bo and Richie's dialogue, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inland Sea, located at the top of a gigantic plateau that seems to run halfway across Africa ... endurance, are not the seas, lakes and other aquatic places usually located in areas low? It does not matter, it's just one of the many anomalies in the John Derek universe. The crew tries to climb the cliffs and when the ropes break, Harris roars echoing the mistreatment of the unfortunate men who have collapsed to death. On another occasion, Jane decides to take a bath naked by the inland sea, giving another chance to see a bit of free nudity. Out of nowhere a single male lion appears. Now the lions generally travel in pride and never go near the beaches, but later, Tarzan will fight with a boa constrictor (poisonous). Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strengths ... Being a Tarzan film, Jane is enchanted with the Lord of the Jungle and decides to take his virginity. But having seen their closeness to some of those chimpanzees, you must ask ... Speaking of which, not only the property of Edgar Rice Burroughs could have sued. It is very probable that certain primates telephoned their lawyers: the chimpanzees here make you miss Cheeta. Especially when they do ridiculous things like riding elephants and clapping when Tarzan and Jane finally get to work! The climax of this movie has Bo and Harris captured by some pretty stereotyped cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute her. Suffice to say that The Great Wooden Ape takes her child and * SPOILER * Harris impales herself on a huge elephant tusk. This does not prevent the dying Parker from delivering a monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the legal claim of the Rice Burrows estate never materialized, but 'Tarzan the ape man' was crucified at the box office (is not that a joke?) A pity. John Derek could have directed 'Tarzan the Ape Man 2' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic happiness and Dudley Moore as 'Boy'.
