Once, in the mid-1990s, he wrote for the fanzines of DOCTOR WHO and all the fandom was holding his breath on the new DOCTOR WHO TVM produced in the United States. As soon as it was announced that the main enemy of the Doctor, the Master, was to be played by Eric Roberts, everyone scratched their heads and exclaimed "Who is Eric Roberts?" I must point out that this was before IMDB came online when all I had to do was write a name on this website on their resume, but a useful soul wrote in a post I wrote to explain that Eric Roberts was best known for his role in which he played with F Murray Abraham, the film was called BY THE SWORD and it was a school of fencing. Actually, looking back now, Roberts is best known for THE POPE OF GREENWICH VILLAGE and RUNAWAY TRAIN, but that did not stop him from putting his boots on both Roberts and THE THE SWORD and his mind was determined to think that this American teacher with his southern accent was going to a debacle. Strangely, most of the fans were angry that Roberts played the Master, but after seeing the WHO TVM DOCTOR, many fans (myself among them) thought that Roberts' performance was the best of the disappointing US production. <Br / > <br /> Yeah I` I went astray, but BY THE SWORD it was a movie I wanted to see just because it was the first time I heard the name of Eric Roberts, but I did not have the chance to see it until this weekend and I was disappointed quite. that . I do not know anything about fencing (all those that appear on this page seem obliged to mention if they are close or not), so I do not know how accurate everything is, but as mentioned, the film seems a bit anachronistic, even if you saw it in its 1991 release, the hairstyles seem to be a few years past along with their mixed cast of teenagers doing a little dance routine that makes you wonder if it would not have worked much better if it had happened. by Jerry Bruckheimer in the mid-eighties. One could argue that this would have meant the relationship between Max Suba and Alexander Villard for being out of the center of most of the film, but he was not convinced of their love / hate relationship and Abraham and Roberts have had better performances before and since so. BY THE SWORD
