I saw this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary, it's a drama. But, one could hope that at least the critical "facts" on which the story is based are based on real events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie did it well. From then on, confidence in the facts quickly decays. I had never heard of this movie before seeing it. Having been a television reporter at the time of these events, I was struck by the fact that I had never heard anything about the strange behavior of Secretary Haig as presented by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard "I am in control ...", etc., but Dreufuss' Haig is harassing a shrunken cabinet and totally out of control personally. After watching the movie, I started researching the topic on the Internet and quickly found audio tapes and real transcriptions of most of the conversations in the room situations that this film aims to recreate. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film intended to show the White House, the Secret Service, etc. in total chaos, and the nation's leadership that behaves irrationally and propels the world close to the edge of nuclear war are demonstrably incorrect. They did not happen! There is internal conflict, by the way. Haig makes mistakes, his performance in the press room is historically regrettable and "difficult". But there is nothing that comes close to the scenes depicted in the film. There are too many serious errors to list, but any fair comparison of the recorded and written records and the fantasy of this film leads us to ask ourselves what the producers tried to achieve. To illuminate? Report? Entertain? I think they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motives to others, but one must seriously question what was behind such a blatant invention. And, as for the documentary "Reel to Real" by my beloved History Channel, almost no mention was made of the subjects on which the film was centered, namely, the events within the Administration on the day of filming. Therefore, the viewer was allowed to investigate those without much help, if any, from the network.
