This television production of 1970, starring Susannah York and George C. Scott, is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eyre" on the screen, and how much can fail to do so. It is true that the film suffered in the transfer to DVD: some scenes that were complete in the original were shortened and edited so badly that there are surprising continuity gaps and that even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence . ! But even if the editing were better, the film would not be. The script is bad, the representation of the characters is not true to the novel and almost all actors are miserable. As a result, one does not have the sensation of seeing an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel. The problem is not only that some scenes are shortened or set aside, as is the case with all short adaptations, but that the remaining scenes do not capture the tone, the spirit, the atmosphere and the concept of the novel at all. . <br /> <br /> For example, this Jane Eyre completely omits Gateshead and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfectly fine, since some scenes must necessarily be set aside, it is not understandable that, instead of using the time gained (so to speak) and portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, the influence that Helen has for the development of Jane, In the lecture on Christian Stoicism that she teaches, the film concentrates almost exclusively on the physical mistreatment of Helen, which is driven to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is serious enough as described in the novel, but here Ms. Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward, who deliberately wants to take Helen to an untimely death. And this is about everything that happens at Lowood. If you compare it to the profound impact that the years spent at Lowood have had on Jane in the novel, you can only regret that the movie does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem throughout this adaptation: it runs from scene to scene, very often without transition, and nowhere near even the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a strange mix of invented lines and lines of the novel, very awkwardly patched, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that they both share only 5 minutes together on the screen before they fall in love, and the little ones The conversation They have nothing of the brilliance, the intensity and also the humor of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only did the injustice of Brontë's language but also managed to ruin his moral configuration with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the possible wedding, Rochester says: "However, I once loved her (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is actually an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and that he was caught in marrying a madwoman he never loved, and that his effort to find a true life partner it is, if it is not sanctified. By the law of God and man, but understandable and forgivable! But this phrase completely undermines the completely constructed moral concept of Brontë and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new and young wife because his old one no longer serves him. <br /> <br /> Of the errors in relation to the script of the errors related to the casting: now I am not one of those who insist on the physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure that he portrays, but it is not possible imagine a lovely blond, blonde, hopefully and with the mouth full of Susannah York as the simple heroine of the novel. In addition, Ms. York was about thirty years old when the film was shot and she is seen. Played by her, the shy, reserved and inexperienced young woman of the novel, Jane, becomes a perfectly prepared woman, elegant and mature, completely sure of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah York does not play well and is convincing, but the woman she plays is not Jane Eyre of Brontë. To elect George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester that seemed old enough to make the age difference of 18 between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott seems to be around 50 years old, but acts in several scenes as if he were 70. <br /> <br /> To complement the "maturity" of the main actors, all the passion, desire and despair seem to have been removed deliberately. of the script The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a quiet and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns with him in the last scene, he feels as pleased as a grandfather whom his favorite granddaughter has just visited in his nursing home. The only character that shows an appropriate amount of emotion is San Juan, of all people. Ian Bannen plays it with such passion and his anxious plea for Jane's love is so moving that it gives the impression that Bannen was modeling his San Juan in the Rochester of the novel. But although Bannen is good, his San Juan is as far from the novel as Jane and Scott's Rochester, from York. The only redeemable features of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are the locations and the score, and I would only recommend this production to those who want to see and compare each of the "Jane Eyre" adaptations.
