I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January 2006) and I followed the discussion between the director and the audience afterwards. Many people reacted in shock and protest. You will get a lot of negative critics. But: the world is that cruel, and it's not fun. People do not like. That in itself does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see that difference. Do not shoot the messenger who shows us the world outside our hubble! However, I think this is a bad movie. Film-technically is a good shots and scripts, most good music appropriate, great actors. The director intends to make a psychological film, however, psychology is of poor quality. To describe a violence so powerful in itself is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind that violence. How does a shy child come to such cruelty? The director wants to describe that, but he's not good at that. <br /> <br /> The director used the word "selfishness" of people several times, mentioning for example the teacher. Only that: this teacher was not selfish, only someone in various roles, taking care of his students, and worried about his script. I think it's a simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the town is creepy, and the mother made terrible mistakes ('do you disappoint me terribly?'), But for me it is not credible, that caused me a lot of pain, that the most shy boy comes. To such terrible things In fact, the reality is much more complex than this film describes. and you need much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe that process, please, so that we understand it. <br /> <br /> With the phrase written at the end, the director said to point to an alternative way of life. It was the other extreme, and he confirmed that the director and the screenwriter are bad psychologists, who promote black / white thinking. The connection between violence in cinema and in society has been proven. Using such violence gives the responsibility to use it correctly. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world, which cause a lot of war and misery. I hope this movie does not succeed.
