Violence, whether real or not, always has an impact. In this movie, the violence is as crude as you could ask. In the Great Ecstasy, the director has successfully demonstrated what extremes of violence people are capable of. But what is the point? The violence seems a mixture of 'Irreversible de Noë' and 'La naranja mecánica' by Kubrick ... both are remarkable films. Do not get me wrong, I'm not opposed to the violence on the screen and I've seen some unpleasant things in my years of shooting, but this movie as a whole is totally youthful. The story has never been developed enough to offer a reason for extreme violence, the reason why we indulge in Robert's disappearance is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character that is partly responsible for the disappearance of Robert due to drugs, however, is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is Robert's inability to deal with mom, I'm not sure what any of these actors are doing in a film of this caliber. The performance is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with the television chef and his wife, for example, is as painful to see, if not more than the shocking ending, who wrote those dialogues? Some of the comments made by the boys ... "seems to be enjoying it" are so trite as to tempt one to laugh if it were not for Clay's burning desire to bombard us with heartbreaking images of mutilated female genitalia. Why do we need to show us so many details, possibly due to the director's adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic images? One can only wonder at the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The 'political meaning' of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention due to the number of scenes; In the bar, outside the house of the TV cook, reports of the war in Iraq, maybe it was too obvious in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all prone to horribly violent acts, whether you are in politics or on the street. E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of the same underlying problem is evading the real problem that is the meaning of violence in man. This is a subject that we have not yet managed to capture, and certainly not in this movie. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derived, badly made and useless.
