I always distrust that the film disgusts me too much instantly. Look at it a month later and you may see it differently, or you may unearth it after 50 years on a different continent and some cult followers find something stylistically remarkable that went unnoticed at first. After participating in The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael at its premiere in the UK, I was not surprised that the question and answer session was more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (Artistic Director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), helped by the director and producer of the film, gave a spirited defense of a film that received a general negative response from the audience. The audience at the Edinburgh Festival is not easily shocked. Only one person left disgusted. Critics of the film included very articulate and constructive criticism from the lay public, as well as an actor and a woman who teaches filmmakers masters. This was not too shocking a movie. There was a degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but much less extreme than in many movies (most of the actual contact with weapons was hidden, as were the genitals aroused). The audience did not like it because they had been sitting for two rather boring hours, where performance standards were not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and widespread, and where they had been subjected to clumsy and pretentious films in the Promise of a controversial movie. The metaphors of war in Iraq are devised, over emphasized and neglected (apart from a general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the Marqués de Sade's 'leaf of the vine' reference, as one member of the audience expressed it, seems a mere symbolic excuse for the lack of development of the plot towards the end. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount going for him (he stands out at school for his musical ability) but he takes drugs and meets with young people who have little or nothing in his favor and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When pressed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence locked inside him. <br /> <br /> The movie is not entirely without merit. It is left to the audience to decide how Robert arrived that way: was the influence of his peers? Why all the good influences and concern of parents and teachers failed to include it in a better approach to life? Kinematically, there is a carefully mounted scene in which he is left behind (either by too many drugs, shyness, a sense of latent morality or simply waiting for his turn). Several of his friends are raping a woman in a back room, partly glimpsed and framed in the center of the screen. In the first plane of the basic plane, a DJ is more concerned that the cries of the girl interrupt his happy house music than any thought for the woman. Ultimately, he is a little annoyed if his activities attract the attention of the police. The crude juxtaposition of serious hearing aids while enjoying his music, even when he knows that rape is being committed, shows his total disdain in a deeply disturbing way. Robert collapses with his back to us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its supposedly controversial climax involving considerable (if not too realistic) sexual violence, is not up to this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction (the stated intention of the filmmakers: "If they vomit, we have succeeded in producing a reaction") but above all, and as far as I can tell, the Edinburgh reaction seems to reflect Cannes reports. they feel, "Why have programmers subjected us to inferior films?" Director Clay Hugh can talk, but he has not developed an artistic vision. His answers about giving life to a mirror to tell the truth about the things that are swept under the carpet, including his defense that there is little development of the plot because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood movie; They are all good answers to criticism. , but unfortunately they do not apply to your movie, rather than to a mirror while someone defecates, or wastes a movie while playing badly with the symbols. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any persistent doubt, I spoke with him a few minutes after the screening, but I found him as unpleasant as his movie and soon I moved to the bar to wash my mouth with something more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. I asked him if he had any social or political agenda and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many big names he takes in vain) without going so far as to admit any agenda. Then he resorts to his motto that his job is to tell the truth. I'm left with the feeling that this was too ambitious a project for a new director, or an insincere attempt to put on the map when promoting second-class work <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could paint a tin of Soup and art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors who have made controversial films and pushed the borders. Unfortunately, their ability at this time only extends to make high sound excuses for a movie that seeks publicity.
