I saw this recently, and I must say: this movie is terrible. I see fucking movies for fun. The scarecrow is not fun. The scarecrow is stupid. You have an incredibly cheesy villain who enjoys the terrible puns when he kills his victims (actually, worse than the content in this sentence). He has his difficult story of the fate he uses to justify his murders. "Everybody messes with me, the only girl who thinks I'm not a trailer likes one of the guys who bother me, I want to kill everyone, Wah." Ok I'm exaggerating But the premise of this movie is just enough to put it at the end of the fucking movie list. <br /> <br /> Adding to what I just said, the child's mother is promiscuous, he approaches his mother and her current boyfriend puts it on, mom's boyfriend tells her to leave, the boy goes He denies and insists that he will not leave his own home. Boyfriend chases boy in corn field. He kills a child right in front of mom, mom screams in terror, her boyfriend is like, "Oh my God, I did not want to do it!" Then he tells mom not to tell the police about it. However, they killed a child under a scarecrow. Then, like any child murdered under a scarecrow, he returns like a murderous scarecrow with a vengeance. His victims "have not been harassed in this way before ..." (Scarecrow's official tag line) <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, this movie was shot in a whopping 8 days. That's right, 8 days. I was going to give this movie a 2, because in spite of itself, it has one or two redeeming moments. (They're spoilers, so I will not spoil it for you, if you really want to see this shit.) I could have forgiven him a little for the bad acting, the horrible special effects, the abysmal script and the malfunction of the camera. but I simply do not have respect for the lack of effort at that level. <br /> <br /> This movie is not as good as the one I'm doing. If you want to see an example of how not to make a movie, or if you like to watch bad movies, like me, look at this at your own risk. Everyone else should stay at a safe distance from this movie at all times.
