I'm not sure what dragged me to the movies to see this movie, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the cinema. For a while I hoped that at least the story would surprise me, but then I realized that it was a waste of time, there was simply nothing there. I was left alone because I had another program later. <br /> <br /> Design: some designs were quite beautiful, mainly from the environment, but the characters were terrible, both in terms of animation and design. They look great when they are on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! They just did not work, especially because the same mistake that most 3D companies make: technically it is very difficult to create really natural materials in 3D, which will make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (therefore, money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, cloth, etc. The characters in the film were made of "fabric", and that simply did not work! So they had that cold and cold feeling of the artificiality of the computer, where the fabric stretches or tightens like a piece of plastic. I just did not have the feeling of a material, that the dolls are made of (that's what those characters wanted to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. I just had the feeling of a 3D shoot'n'run computer game. I do not want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on my screen, I do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a disgrace. I am a professional animator and I was very disappointed by the low level of animation in "9". He was rigid, bored, almost without imagination or humor. I was a bit above most of the average 3D animations I saw, and that does not add anything good ... <br /> <br /> And all that: the bad design of the characters and the bad animation can be solved with a good story, right ?! That was not the case here. Actually, the story was the worst in that movie. It was below any level. Start direct, go straight and finish the same. There is no turn, no surprise, no good dialogues, not even development. We have heard and seen stories of machines that surpass humanity thousands of times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of that movie. The characters do not even have time to get into the story; they are just there, they show up almost immediately, and immediately some of them act without even knowing what is happening. It just did not work. There are also many repetitive action sequences, which seemed to be made to complete the time for the lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Acting, sound and script - oh, my God, what can I do? Tell me, it was pathetic. The bad story has a bad script, and except in dialogues like "No, do not do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" etc., etc., and it is repeated all the time, so, in addition to those terribly pathetic dialogues, there were the endless "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh", and "Whatchout", and " Run! "And" Oh Ohh! " that followed almost all the jumps, runs or falls of the characters and even sounded as if they were out of sync or had not been performed. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad performance, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no kinks, nothing. Only some good designs are not worth it. BIG, NO!
