Seriously, I can not believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people that I LOVE, have signed to produce this shit. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest, I've been losing interest in him since his last films were remakes or adaptations. He produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas," which is one I've seen several times, and directed such films as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow," which are awesome movies. Bekmambetov directed 3 films that I LOVE: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I've only seen those three of his, but they prove he's an incredible director. <br /> <br /> Those two people that produce one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9. So today I went to see it. in the theater. I was so excited to have finally seen him. I had waited 7 months for the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> This is the first time I've come out of a movie related to Tim Burton and I say "I did not enjoy almost ANYTHING about that". I felt heartbroken for having felt like this. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the production stand, you would have expected this movie to be a good watch. At this moment I still can not forget how disappointed I was with this movie. I had not even heard of the original short film before I saw it, but now I can say with success that this film should have been a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp did an AWESOME long-running remake of Alive in Joburg titled District 9, why was it so hard to hit 9? I really wanted to think that this movie was amazing. I really did it. But no, it failed on many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was happening, let alone what it was about. Basically it's a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth. Well, that's fine, that's what I got from it. But the writing here is extremely poor. The whole movie jumps like a 6 year old girl with A.D.D. Telling a story. There is this giant giant clanky monster robot that wakes up, causing destruction and those things. That is the main villain. However, what is wrong with this movie is that EVERYTHING COMES FROM NOW HERE. There were too many monstrous robots, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. They have 0 any development. I mean, the flying pterodactyl as a monster simply starts out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Acker just waits for us to know what it is. What was even more retarded was that snake-shaped creature with the stroboscopic eyes that hypnotize. I challenge you to give that description to someone else out loud and hope they do not laugh. The 3 people I told them laughed. Oh, and it envelops the victims and stitches them inside. I AM. DO NOT. KIDDING <br /> <br /> The turn in Act III is the most retarded aspect of the whole movie. Basically, 9 goes back to the room where he woke up, finds this box with a hologram of the scientist who holds it for 9, and tells him that the terrifying big machine robot was designed to bring the life of a robot to earth, but then the evil humans used it for war, and it was supposed to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so he could help protect the world with it. AND ONLY THE MENTIONS GIVE HIS LIFE TO 9. But what about the other robots? WHO GIVE THEIR LIVES TO THEM ???????? This is the perfect example of poor and hasty writing. There is only one of the devices to take lives that exist, so how was life given to the other 8 ??????? The characters are not nice either. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 bothered me with his "RETURN TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we do not know anything about that, 5 I kept pestering him with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" questions And that end? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks that the end was a great moment of the WTF. <br /> <br /> There's nothing redeeming about this shit, except for its beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the bleak and depressing aspect of everything. However, beauty can not save a good movie. <br /> <br /> While it is true that this movie is very beautiful, beautiful is just as beautiful and 9 squats. I am sure that Burton fans will go to the theater to see this movie without a doubt, in fact, with the names of him and Bekmambetov thrown around the promotions, people will go to the theater to see this movie. I know I can be doing a great thing out of nothing, but when I saw this movie I realized how much I hate movies with unpleasant characters, non-existent plot and only style about the content. And this movie is one of those movies.
