First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If I had never heard of the true story of Gram Parsons, then it might seem like a pretty entertaining diversion. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman. It is good enough to be relaxed and down to earth, and it can be a kind of root for your suffering person. Michael Shannon is worthy of credit for almost the same reasons, except that he is a hippie honcho. There are some good scenes of individual comedies: the hippie that crashes on the airport hanger stands out. But that's where the good things end, and we begin to see the aspects that make this film so disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as the real father of Gram is an invention so shameful as to mess up the whole movie. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young, something that could surely be compared to the life of Gram on the verge of a better filmmaker. Having Forster as his supposed real father, and not his stepfather would be bad enough, if it were not for the known difficulties that Gram had with the man who actually flew to pick up his body. It has been suggested that her stepfather had admitted that she was providing alcohol to Gram's mother while she was lying and that he angered Gram when he later found out. In addition, the controversy over where Gram's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a benevolent invented father who actually catches up with the duo and his hearse, but then allows them to go ahead with the burning. Whatever the truth about the man from whom Gram received the name of Parsons, he certainly did not look anything like Forster's character here, and it's hard to see why this paper was written. Then there is the incorporation of Christina Applegate as a greedy girl (although very pretty, of course) who wants her body back to Gram so that she can start taking advantage of her heritage. His character and his performance are non-existent and one wonders why the director did not just deceive himself and included a lesbo scene between her and the girl who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (he would not have lowered the tone much) More). When you think about the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about Parsons, the flaws in this movie are easily apparent. The country music was changed by a young gentleman from the south, educated, who was also long-haired, drug-lover, popular with the ladies and, ultimately, self-destructive. Real events like the clash of the hanger door and the painted car and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we have to focus totally on Kaufman's contributions to Gram's life. Kaufman, obviously, is still licking the cult status he received for what he did (it's certainly a little cult). From the interviews it is obvious that he is delighted with the attention. Remember that this is the man who made a comment about the genitals of the naked corpse of Gram Parsons as he prepared to light it. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a doped alcoholic adventure. Looking at Knoxville and the director in the interviews, some things are also clear. It is obvious that they do not have a real understanding of the history of Gram's life, nor do they want to have it. They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was an incredible life with a strange ending. That the end is the only thing that this film covers shows how limited was Gram Parsons' understanding of the creators.
