If you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely divide you! Part comedy, part road movie, but above all a bad fiction of one of the strangest stories in the history of rock. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically, the story refers to a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "supposedly" made a pact with the hero of the rock / country / folk folk music Gram Parsons who declared when one of them died first (no matter what it was) that the other alive was to take the deceased to the desert, the Joshua Tree National Park in California to be exact, and set fire to the body ... to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! Sure to keep his word, the barely sober Kaufman, with the help of a friend who hates himself and with the head of a boat, takes the body of the deceased Parsons, who had suffered an overdose of a drug and drank alcohol a day earlier , from the airport. And shortly thereafter, what follows is a combination of fiction and truth worthy of grievance in which Parsons' late girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, stone-faced Parsons father and a pack of police officers and other idiotic characters meaninglessly try to beat the clock (so to speak) while trying to catch Kaufman and his friend before they have the chance to burn Parsons body. <br /> <br /> The incompetent direction of the film, the bad acting and unconventional unconventional tone sink this movie faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the great fact that this movie is not even halfway to telling the truth of the real events that took place. The precisions that should have replaced the inaccuracies, to the extent that I have heard them, include: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a son, so what the hell was that with the girlfriend? and the persecutor and all that, number 2., the drugged partner of Kaufman was a well-known willing participant (unlike what the film tries to portray) in the disposition of Parson's body, and finally in number 3., the real-life father of Gram Parsons when he was just a child, and so was Parson's stepfather (who honestly could have cared less about Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real life the one who looked after the body after it was burned! In general, what probably bothers me the most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was really ready to help with the facts of the story. And still, the film ended up being so fake and so bad that it really baffles me, frankly. <br /> <br /> Also when it comes to the film's lackluster performance, its main character, played by Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), is not just a bad actor, but actually looks as if it outside. Sleeping for most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast is mostly hysterical, brain dead or it seems like they have no idea what they're really doing there in the first place. In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville or if you really like the films of friends so bad that they are not even that good, then I suppose you might like this movie. But, if you're like me and you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they're based on a real life story, or you just like it. Good movies, movies of road or fiction movies, you will really detest this movie and recommend others to do the same. Obviously I hated this movie and wished it had never been done in the first place, but from the moment it was made, I would have preferred it to turn out differently than it did, unfortunately! Maybe one day the real facts of the story will arrive and they will become a great biographical film in the whole life of Gram Parsons ... not only what happened to his body after his spirit left him. But, until that moment arrives, all of us, as an audience, and the fanatics of the late artist to get, is this sad waste of the film and a terrible memorial (more or less) of the musical legacy that Gram Parsons is known to have left behind. . . You should also keep in mind that they actually used Parsons' music, and some others also in the movie, but it's not surprising that you never get to hear enough to enjoy it even in the least. (Turkey-zero stars)
