From the questions and answers before and after, this is what I could gather: an Irish guy wants to make a movie. Nothing in particular, any movie. Then, one night at a party, listen to an ex roadie tell him something classic of the tradition of rock and roll; how the corpse of Gram Parsons was stolen from LAX by his loyal companion on the road so that he could fulfill Parsons' wishes to be incinerated at Joshua Tree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (good, country), robbery of graves, escapes, friendship, the 70! I guess we could get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass", because it's kind of a joke, of course, and Knoxville also wants to make "a movie". Why he must have thought he had the next "Snatch" in his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not really that exciting ... we need something against which Knoxville must fight. Like a psychotic girlfriend after your money! But Parsons was married at that time. That's O.K., nobody knows. We could also get Christina Applegate. But what happens if the audience does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse? Well, we'll have his father join the chase, but we'll give permission at the end. But Parsons 'father committed suicide when he was 10 years old, in fact, his orphan status and his tragic childhood are key parts of Parsons' mythology. Mythology? We are making "a movie!" This is a creative problem solution. <br /> <br /> It is an uncomfortable experience for anyone who has vague knowledge or is interested in the subject. The presence of Applegate is doubling. First, her invented character is a bitch from Beverly Hills before her time; I could have walked the whole movie with a cell phone in my hand, and secondly, what kind of man would Parsons be if he were ever associated with that kind of harpy? The facts are not only distorted or set aside, but are reversed. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to return the body to its native state where the law would favor it by dividing the considerable inheritance. <br /> <br /> And the music, oh, the music that I love. The music is hacked (the bridge of a song here, the chorus there), forced into the background, and in the end, horribly covered by the new indie band, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked the question unnecessarily, but irresistible after the movie: was there someone up there, the writer, the producers, the director, really a Gram Parson fan? Well, no. I had never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love him, and here are some facts I read in an online biography. Another man endorsed Parsons' coldness by saying that he and Keith Richards stumbled on acid together and wrote "Wild Horses" together, a set of facts as off-base as the movie. Another person asked: was not it morally questionable to rewrite the story when most people would only know about this movie? Well, he had the actual roadie's permission (he was even established) and Parsons's state gave it, and all these other people who received paychecks said it was great. <br /> <br /> But what I was really asking was, and Asked in the shameful and trembling voice of a really passionate Parsons geek, if the movie was so cheap (a million) I would not have considered the fan base Original Gram Parsons as a public? The director and the writer seemed to think that it was nothing without fan base, although I doubt that there is a reading of Mojo magazine, the fan of country-rock music 70 would agree. But I guess a lot of Britons made it, and they just did not care about Cosmic American Music, they did not even know it existed. This is not just a true Parsons movie, it does not even have the right spirit, it does not even fit into the legend. At least he should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would love to be told. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the film was well received by a group of drugged college students, near the tracks, and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan, ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
