"Raw Force" is like an ultra perverse and perverted version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu fights, demented cannibalistic monks, white slave trade, energetic zombies and a lot of shoddy performances. No wonder this movie was included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 movie box-set". It has everything the fans of the exploitation are looking for, mixing in a totally incoherent and apparently improvised script! The production values ​​are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amounts of violence and gratuitous sex can hardly be described. The film begins in a tropically sunny place called Warriors Island, where a troop of mocking monks resurrects the dead for no apparent reason other than to turn them into Kung Fu fighters. The monks also buy sexy slaves from a disgusting looking businessman from Hitler, supposedly because women's flesh provides them with the powers necessary to increase their army of zombies. Tourists traveling on a cruise, including three martial arts fighters, a LAPD cop and lots of dazzling but unintelligent women, are attacked by Hitler's thugs because they were planning a trip to the Isle of Warriors. Their lifeboats are washed on the island anyway, and the monks challenge the survivors to a combat test with their zombies. Okay, how does that sound for a midnight horror movie mess? It's not over yet, because "Raw Force" also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, Cameron Mitchell in another embarrassing main role and the Duchess of the 70's exploitation, Camille Keaton ("I Spit on Your Tomb") in an absolutely apparition insignificant. There is a lot of badly performed blood, including ax massacres and beheadings, shitty jokes and tacky romance. The value of the trash in this movie will literally leave you speechless. The background of the evil monks remains, of course, unexplained and they are not even punished for their questionable pastimes. Maybe that's why the movie stops with "To Be Continued", instead of "The End". The sequel never came, unless it's so dark. IMDb does not even list it.
