Scarecrow is located in the small American city of Emerald Grove, where high school students and college students, Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) are considered the local nerd geek. The poor child suffers daily humiliation, bullying, teasing and general esteem that destroys the abuse at the hands of his peers. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home since his mother is a bitch and after Lester bothers one of his men, he chases him in a corn field and strangles the poor boy. However, something magical happens (no, the movie does not suddenly become good), the spirit of Lester is transferred to the scarecrow corn fields that he then uses as a body to take revenge on those who tormented him and made his life a hell ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, who according to the IMDb credits list also has a role in the film as someone named Mr. Duforq, although I do not remember any character with this name I guess that anyone who finishes looking at the IMDb Pages of Scarecrow will probably already realize its terrible reputation and I must say that it is well deserved, as it is terrible. The screenplay by Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the story that is often told of one of the losers of life who is surprised and tormented without any reason to get revenge by supernatural means in a relatively simple teen slasher movie. We've seen it all before, we've seen murderous scarecrows before, we've seen how they killed faceless teenagers one by one before, we've seen one of life's losers get their revenge before, we've seen wise the villains who make jokes when they kill before and we have seen incompetent Sheriff from small towns that make things worse before. The only real question to answer about Scarecrow is if it's fun to see him at a silly teen slasher-type level. The answer is a resounding no to be honest. The film has a terrible character, a horrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, it has some cheesy phrases like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel that asks "can you dig?" and the final call of turn that is aimed at leaving things open for a sequel is simply boring. The film moves at a reasonable pace, but it is not so exciting and the deaths can be forgotten. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a corn stick ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier does not do a particularly good job here, the killing scenes are not good it handles without accumulation of anything, which means that there is never tension, since, two seconds after the introduction of the character, they are eliminated. Also, I'm not happy with the scarecrow killer who does all these twists and jumps in the air in scenes that seem to belong to The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu movie. To give him some credit, the scarecrow mask looks really good and looks great, but he is given little to do except a bad stream and twists a bit. Do not you think having been tied to a wooden stake in the middle of a grain of corn all day would have been boring? I know he's a murderous scarecrow, but I still say he would have gotten bored just to keep a wooden stick all day! There is no nudity and the gore is nothing special, there is a decapitation, someone's face is burned, someone dies with a stick of corn, someone has a shovel in the throat, some sickles are trapped in the heads of people . someone has his heart ripped out and someone has a metal thing stuck in the back of his head that comes out of his mouth. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of around $ 250,000, apparently it went off in 8 days, well at least they did not waste time on unimportant things like the development of stories and characters. Technically, this is practically a point, shoot and wait for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor who just had his heart ripped off, you can see him clearly breathing ... The performance sucks, the guy who played with Lester's mother's uncle is wearing the most stupid wig and the fake mustache because he played two roles in the film and the creators needed to disguise it, but they ended up making it look ridiculous and I do not mean your accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has some funny moments And the scarecrow in itself is a good creation with good special makeup effects, but in general the film is poorly done, badly acted, silly, too predictable and very corny. If you want to see a great movie about scarecrow killers, take a look at Scarecrows (1988). It should not be confused with the movie Gene Hackman & Al Pacino Scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror film Scarecrow (2008) which is currently in production. Scarecrow proved popular enough in the home video to generate two sequels more followed in video, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
