Let's be honest, okay? Al Gore does not care more about the environment than most people because of contact with the foot fungus. It's a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago he was arrested / fined in his home state doing 70 mph in a 55 mph zone NOT with a hybrid, a Yugo or even a GM Metro, but a LINCOLN (go to Google if you wish). Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood friends continue to use private planes that consume a lot of gas to attend the premieres of "An Inconvenient Truth." So much for conservation huh, Al? Anyway, it takes only a minute to subjectively look at "An uncomfortable truth" and discover the main fundamental flaw. While the film parades many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the EFFECTS of the supposed "global warming", there is not a single scientist who tells us the supposed CAUSE. For example: I can take hundreds of people to a parking lot and they can point out a car that is not working properly. BUT they can tell you with a certain degree of certainty. WHY? Generally not! A second fault, how accurate were the climate instruments 100 years ago (the toilet had not even been invented yet)? What did they have, a June mistake in a matchbox? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? So, how do we know with ANY degree of certainty that the planet is "warming up" when the records of yesteryear are highly questionable at best? Or is that man the only cause of it? The answer is that we do not and science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time magazine made a cover that proclaimed a "New Ice Age". The truth is that any sixth grade science teacher well versed in Earth Sciences will tell you that volcanic eruptions, solar activity and El Niño have more to do with our changes in climate conditions than the so-called "global warming". Finally, what Al Gore does not adequately address is; Even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al and implement everything it recommends, how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow their example when we can not even get them to agree on something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: It is an illusion, Mr. Gore and you as former Vice President of the United States know it! If the people who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, they would have titled their movie "Al Gore wants attention". But what I would really like is for someone to ask the former vice president this; Why are two of the biggest polluters on the planet (AKA, China and India) EXEMPT to comply with the Kyoto Agreements? Anyway, I heard that the producers of A.I.T are working on their next film entitled "Gnomes, fairies and elves: our friends in danger".
