An uncomfortable truth is as utterly simplistic and demagogic as the turgid inclination created by rabid and idiotic republicans, meanders along intangible lines until it tries to gorge itself face-on, that is, we will all be dead in a few hundred years. that is already indisputable, but who cares, humans are selfish and destructive creatures, frankly I do not waste time worrying about human extinction. I will simply call it a "natural progression". Let the apocalypse begin, but meanwhile, we have to listen to the same brazen and inclined politicians who propose another "new society", well, do not be fooled, we will all be controlled by the rich, by those in power. And for those idiots who created the catastrophes in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite evident in the film, as he is being driven in a car full of fuel with a consumer computer, also lives on huge acres of land. In a fairly large mansion, the land itself was used for destructive erosive purposes, including cattle, tobacco, pig farming (which explains the traces of methane gas) and who knows what else, its wealth is based on exploitation, Greed and its investments include numerous companies in the world with disputable records. I almost do not think this man is qualified to give lectures to the less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that's all, meanwhile he emits those same stale characteristics that make politics and politicians be so terrible. This bozo is living the comfortable life and, however, is giving lectures to poor people in Africa about agricultural crops and techniques of cutting and burning? He travels around the world in first-class seats on fuel-waste aircraft, uses computers located on the product in the documentary and, nevertheless, thinks that everything is a "moral problem". He is completely absorbed in his own illusory nightmares, he says he came to these conclusions due to the death of his sister (from cancer induced by tobacco and the near death of his son by a car of all things). Did you fight against the tobacco companies or did you propose that cars be banned because they are dangerous machines? DO NOT. Everything must serve the "economy", then, why is it different? The answer is that it is not. <br /> <br /> His desperate and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous, all while filming in the forest. or along a small river avoiding stagnant appointments of life. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like ordinary people then? He is a politician, simple and simple, he has a career inverted in the structure of power. My question is, why do not you focus on the powerful industrial nations of the earth that are to blame for most complications? He does not do that because it would be imprudent for "investments, stocks and corporations." <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, namely, the rich whites of the audience, who claps, while showing them graphs, numbers and percentages, and speaking in a tone Shady, nobody without a Harvard (which the elites control) education can make sense, but tells us that everything goes to hell. No joke, but I think it does not explain this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has adopted for the planet, that is, that it is expendable and a garbage dump. He never mentions how industrialization has created these problems, he just wants to put them in soft bandages but not eradicate the entire oppressive system. It is obvious that he was spoiled, sent to schools for the elites and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other stabbing, inconsistent in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, since it is not at all different from what the Republicans have conceived, only had objectives in mind that were directed by a capitalist impulse. That is, someone is going to benefit, and it seems that the "new green" politicians who support the venture capital companies that are buying hordes of land in an attempt to develop the "new utopian future" with "new technologies". It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure, he actually believes that there is a "democracy" in the United States that seems very naive to me. If we are not paying wages to the oil companies, then we will pay the wind and solar energy companies. <br /> <br /> I find the speech quite rancid at the end, in the line of something GW Bush would have overtaken the fallen dumb masses, Gore talks about "people coming together to defeat communism" in the 1990s, what it had to do with global warming, absolutely nothing, but try to get the core emotions to ruminate in people. That said, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were simply a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different from what controls the interests of the United States. Social ecology was not even mentioned here, which is really a parody. If you want to change the world, then you must get rid of those antiquated systems that are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
