Well, maybe the PC version of this game was awesome. Perhaps. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it's pretty much a disaster. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of elements that are good or are promising. I will mention that first because it will end quickly. First, the idea of ​​a historical game similar to GTA is great. The game Gun was a historical game similar to GTA and, unlike Mafia, Gun was excellent. I would love to see a game set during the Mafia era well done. Next, the story is well written. The story makes sense, has dramatic arcs, uses an unusual device (with much of the game as a background story) and is interesting. Finally, some of the graphics, especially those used during cutting scenes, are impressive. The Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting the right graphics in the places where GTA was sparing that effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics stink and I'd rather have excellent playability than the awesome-looking characters. <br /> <br /> The gameplay is what sinks this title so low. First of all, the controls and the camera absolutely suck. That should be the first focus of any game developer. You can not launch a game where the controls and / or the camera suffer. Number one, there's no reason why the player's character, Tom, can not control his full range of moves with the left analog stick. Unless absolutely necessary, and almost never is, I hate the configuration in which the left joystick moves the character in a "forceful" way and the character can only turn with the right analog stick. Here, not only is it unnecessary, it makes most simple actions a challenge. For example, Tom has to climb in a couple of missions. But the game is so poorly designed that you must continue to manipulate with frustration the correct analog lever and camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom will descend in its place. <br /> <br /> Next, I've never seen a worse wrestling system. The first problem is that you can not automatically aim or block any target. At an early time, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to block targets, but that never worked. So to focus on any enemy, you have to fight with the stupid analogue right lever and try to keep adjusting the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to deviate to the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time. At that time, they are probably hitting you or killing you. <br /> <br /> Next, if you are touching or almost touching an enemy, and that will be the case for hand-to-hand combat. or when using melee weapons, the fighting system, which consists mainly of hitting or holding R1, is completely useless. Enemies can hit you almost in a bear hug, but you can not move unless you step back. So the close fight tends to consist of pulling the left analog lever, yelling at the character to get away, which he will not do 50% of the time, and then touching R1 as much as possible before the enemy gets too close. and it makes the R1 useless. And if the enemy changes their angle for you in the meantime, you will also fight with the correct analog lever so that your character is oriented in the correct way and so that the camera is in position so you can see anything. By that time, they are probably hitting you or firing again, and your only option will be to try to push the character away again. My fights were often about getting Tom to go around an area like a comedy movie, hoping to gain enough time to fight the analog stick and get a couple of shots before being at the mercy of the AI ​​again. So much for the realistic fight. <br /> <br /> And the same problems and more exist when it comes to fighting with guns. If you are touching someone, half the time the controller simply will not allow you to shoot, but still they can fill you with holes. Also, there is no auto-aim, and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even with the sensitivity set to zero in Options. The shootings usually consist in that you try desperately to aim or to move away, whereas the enemy puts firing after another one in you. Luckily or not, the damage seems to be recorded almost at random. It can take from one to ten shots or more to incapacitate any character, and there is no reason to do so. You can put five shots in the head of an enemy and in a point close to the target, and even then they will return the fire to you and they will hurt you. However, game designers cared about realism enough to create a backlash in your targeting system, so after the shots with sufficiently powerful weapons, your target will float off the target, and you will have to fight with it again. <Br /> <br /> As for the famous graphics, except for the characters and textures that are close, they are actually quite disappointing. The distance always seems almost empty, and there are often extensions of flat colors and textures nearby when you are driving. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough, and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars seem slow and difficult to control. They also all drive on it. Some have mentioned music, but that was also pretty bland. You could have done a much better job in that regard. Also, as many others have mentioned, loading times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to last more than a minute, and they occur between and in the middle of everything, even in races. <br /> <br /> In general, the port of the Mafia to PS2, at least, seems to have been very rushed. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job.
