The acting in this movie stinks. The plot does not make much sense, but from what I have gathered it is supposed to be a scientist who develops the ability to turn people's personal objects into small steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies ( or make their heads fly up, any). And the effects are terrible, too. Most of the film consists of bad music, with the actors dancing just as badly as the bad music, interspersed with multiple boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things that has been done, but for one thing. An element of sheen brightness that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stand out above all others. And that special quality is the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George is the adorable interface device between the daughter of the scientist, Jessica, and the home computer security system. With her green hair and nose, bald scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is the guardian / confidant angel of Jessica, who asks her for advice on how to meet men in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever captured in the world. celluloid. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica what percentages of men prefer women in white dresses, and also that hitchhiking is the third best way to meet men after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica seems unable to keep herself out of trouble, which causes George to execute the "Emergency Program Code: Jessica Protection", which results in the violent death of Jessica's assailant through one of the balls of steel mentioned above. <br /> <br /> Kubrick was a complete fool for thinking he could give him a computer personality using close-ups of a red light. HAL should have been represented by our friend George in order to better translate the compassion for his eventual disappearance. The light and sound show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better that movie would have been if the means of the first communication with the aliens had been George, the puppet of hand. Bishop, Data, R2? Kitchen appliances next to the Almighty Jorge! You may only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but do not be fooled. This show is all about George. Even with that limited amount of screen time, George joins the ranks of such luminous movie characters as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as icons of American cinema. "George a apache" ?? you're my hero.
