I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I've seen millions of movies and I can clearly say what an intellectual movie should look like with a joke message. Definitely, The Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the movie made me think a lot trying to understand what this was all about and, despite the explanations I have read in previous comments, it seemed just an exaggeration just for having an I in the intellectual league. from the people. The photo on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the upper part of the broken face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will become deformed and lifeless. Then, you start to wait for the characters in the movie to show their defective sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the movie starts immediately without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. Although we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he knew he has enemies, but this is not a very important clue. If the tracks had been planted more in the film, one would have said that it is a masterpiece. But even though the film had such a slow pace, at the same time it was so empty, without metaphorical scenes. And the reunion of the evil dad with the evil Gena in the end is a strong refuted evidence of the existential messages that some people talked about in other comments. Also, if Gena really lives in the apartment as her brother tells her in the end, then why is she the evil one? I bet I can challenge any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this is a pretentious movie and a waste of time. Obviously, it shows someone trying to make a meaningless mystery something that has no value. I'm a big fan of horror movies and especially the slasher that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies should not convey deep messages! They're supposed to discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it, which is the truest one, I suppose. Horror movies must have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, organs and body parts. Because that is the true horror and never far from reality. I have seen almost all horror movies and I can show that each of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind has thought. For example, the horror movie "Train" with all the cut and tension of it and its similarity in almost everything with "Hostel", speaks of a very real thing that is to sell organs illegally by kidnapping people in foreign places where nobody would ask or look for them. <br /> <br /> And even if we consider Broken a film that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and is the one that gives less fear. I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream, which went beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction, whether it be by sex, television, security / mimes, etc. It can be so destructive and scared. from my. And those who always criticize horror movies for lack of meaning and are very commercial, are usually just a group of people who are easily scared and simply do not like this genre, but this does not mean that there are fans of those movies and that they have A lot to offer the viewer from the turbulence of adrenaline, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), the entertainment for the face-to-face interview with the essence of life, however ugly and terrifying it may seem, death!
