If the myth related to the broken mirrors were accurate, everyone involved in this production would face approximately 170 years of bad luck, because here there are many mirrors falling apart. If only the script was as shattered as glass, then "The Broken" would have been a brilliant movie. Now, unfortunately, it's just too long a film, derived and boring with only a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very elegant and elegantly photographed film, but the story is mediocre and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I started a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. Think that Ellis was inspired by an old legend that claims that detecting your doppelganger is a premonition of how you are going to die. Interesting theory, but I'm not familiar with this legend and I could not find anything on the Internet about this either. Personally, I just think "The Broken" is another variant of the theme "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" but without the alien interference. "The Broken" focuses on the American family McVey who lives in London, and particularly in Gina. When a mirror breaks spontaneously during a birthday celebration, it triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina sees herself driving in a car and follows her mirror image to an apartment building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, it causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital. When she says goodbye, Gina feels that her whole environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her own boyfriend and the strange fragments of the accident continue to shine before her eyes. Do you suffer from mental traumas caused by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy happening around you? The writer / director Sean Ellis definitely invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his script, but unfortunately he fails to elaborate them properly. "The Broken" is a truly atmospheric and elegant effort, but only after half an hour of film, comes to the painful conclusion that it will remain a beautiful but empty package. There is a frustratingly high amount of "fake" suspense in this movie. This means increasing the tension, through ominous music and spooky camera angels, when absolutely nothing has happened so far. The moment the mystery really begins, these tricks no longer have any terrifying effect on you. Some of my critical colleagues here compare the film and, in particular, the style of Sean Ellis with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but is that true? Too much honor. PS: what about that alternative spelling? the Scandinavian "ø"
