This movie is pure, distilled, unadulterated boredom. I did not know anything about it before entering the dark room and taking a seat. They let me be seduced by the "mysterious and suspenseful" ad on the poster, I suppose. Also, Lena Headey is nice and unattractive, and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. It may have been his name on the title that convinced me to continue with this instead of anything else. I should have gone to see Valkyrie a second time. <br /> <br /> The thin plot revolves around Gina McVey of Headley, her boyfriend, her father, her sister and her sister's husband who for some reason are being harassed. , in a very relaxed and unenthusiastic way, by their evil doppelgangers that emerge from the mirrors that mysteriously break. There could be a great movie behind this idea (it's not exactly an original idea, of course, but still ...) and, in fact, if the filmmakers had rejected all the supporting actors and simply adhered to the story of Headey's character, The Broken could I've made a reasonable 20-minute short. As it is, it is desperately demotivated and bored, and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in a scene, a mirror is broken only in a room that houses all the main characters; They seem baffled but quickly forget about it. In another scene, a mirror is broken in an empty room, and a doppelganger is seen when it "leaves" the fragments that remain hanging on the wall. So why did the first mirror break if it did not have to crawl in a creepy way? Just for a little excitement? There are too many scenes of the characters in the apartments in London in dim light, looking around the corners because they thought they had heard something, but they saw nothing and went on. We started to ask ourselves: why this evil doppelgang never wants to try to scare them? Scare the characters and you have the opportunity to scare the audience. But we, the public, will have to start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have some emotion during The Broken. By the way, once we've spent time with these evil doubles, we're totally baffled as to why anyone should be expected to be scared of them: they just stand up, face blank, maybe totally harmless after killing to others. . <br /> <br /> There are some nice moods and touches all over the world, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could create a genuinely stylish and suspenseful mystery movie if he had to hire an imaginative screenwriter next time.
