A couple of days after writing about how garbage like MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH receive money, while Ange, Duncan and Theo are totally ignored, I had to sit down in another British movie * that made me reflect on why he received only one penny Some people may claim that because BABY DEAD is based on a highly prestigious novel, it has a built-in internal market, but THIS TIME FILTHY and MAD COWS also adapted from the novels and were a very difficult experience to find also <br /> <br /> I had read the synopsis of the plot where a group of high class waste goes to a remote mansion where they are harassed by an Internet cult, but to be honest, this is not how the story unravels and nobody waits on Friday the 13th. THE SHINING is going to disappoint bitterly, since 90-95% of the race time is devoted to these characters taking drugs and discussing sex. And what odious characters are they too. None of them is pleasant in any way and in a few minutes you will feel nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot with the hope that the next time someone embarks on a communist democide he will create an egalitarian utopia. Anything that signals the end of a bourgeoisie so decadent without meaning that the odious characters of this film can only be welcomed <br /> <br /> It is not content to give us a film in which the plot is meandering and where the public Can not connect with the characters, the director continues to ruin things and becomes intelligent and artistic. There is no doubt that it is to impress us, so we will kneel and shout "Oh, my God, what a wonderful director surprises us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless mob will not appreciate the talent given by God. " I'm sure the vast majority of people shouted "Why were my projects rejected while this shit did not?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this shit?" You may defend the movie By saying that the original novel could not be filtered, this makes the movie unseen. I will agree that this movie can not be seen <br /> <br /> * I know that the IMDb Classes are like an American movie, but the style and flaws of DEAD BABIES are uniquely British. Americans might think they have difficult things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, WOODEN COWS AND THIS FILTRY LAND. It is no wonder that everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century.
