This film could be used in film classes in a course "How not to write a movie B". There are inherent restrictions in a B movie: budgets are tight, time is precious (the scarecrow was apparently filmed in 8 days) and the actors are usually green and inexperienced. The only aspect over which you have complete control is to write the best script you can within the limitations set before you. The Scarecrow script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go over fifteen examples of the meaningless scripts in this movie, but I'll only mention one: The Gravedigger. The character of the gravedigger is introduced approximately one hour into the film. Apparently he has no connection with any of the other characters that are already in the film. He shows it to his daughter, who also has no connection with anyone else in the movie. The gravedigger is given a couple of scenes to act sullenly and then killed to eliminate the corpses count. Why give a daughter to the gravedigger? Why give the daughter a boyfriend? Why present them so late in the movie? Why not try to make them part of the ongoing story? The scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> The "story" of Scarecrow is something like this: Lester is a high school kid (played by and an actor that I would like to relate to be in his early stage). 30's) that is collected by the other children. He is an artist who draws birds and is in love with a classmate named Judy. His mother is an exuberant and the village whore. One of his fake boyfriends makes fun of his drawings (calling him "fag" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student who still draws jeans, I think he's more likely to be gay than a high school student who draws ravens) and then kills Lester, in a cornfield, under the titular scarecrow. Magically, Lester's soul enters the scarecrow. Somehow, this transfer changes the soul of Lester from that of an artist to that of a robber gymnast (I know that some critics have called the scarecrow a scarecrow of Kung-Fu.) I do not agree. whole floor routine before jumping into the truck during the climax of the movie). The scarecrow then continues to kill those who tormented him, who smoked marijuana in the cornfield, who dug graves, boyfriends of grave-digger daughters, almost everyone who appeared on the set of the film. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) makes an improvised version of rap music, admits that he enjoys having no executives on the set so he can fuck his wife while he works and makes an appointment to live (and paraphrase): "Life ez a perra, but et has a big ass "<br /> <br /> Number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 Did it help you? No Number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: Whatever it takes to get to the drunken level blackout.
