Over the past 20 years, most British films are about how horrible poverty is in the UK and how our youth do not have a chance to have a good life while living on the streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"Broken Britain." Trainspotting, this is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and From London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to that list. The main character expresses the desire to go straight, but he still insists on walking around with dead beats that carry weapons and fight with gang members for nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go directly, since there was nothing that prevented him from pursuing an education or a trade. In fact, it would have been a breath of fresh air if he had straightened up and we had a character that changed his life. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend try to commit murder. I did not feel any compassion when another teenager shot him in a predictable way at the end of the movie, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I liked the whole family and his desire for success. I think the creators missed a great opportunity to show the world that success belongs to those who are really willing to strive to achieve it (like the Search for Happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the purpose of this film was to try to paint a realistic picture of what life is like for black teenagers living in working class areas of Britain, but we still do not have enough movies in the UK. With that same plot? Is not it time for these talented producers and writers to give young Britons something to aspire to and show them that a better life is just around the corner? <br /> <br /> I applaud the creators of Bullet Boy for not loading the film completely of senseless violence to try to get success through shock factors (like Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time Film does not offer anything new to a long list of British movies that are really boring and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others that I mentioned.
