One of the five worst movies I've seen in my life. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend seeing it so you can have the same feeling of disbelief that you can see with Showgirls. <br /> <br /> Of the 400 votes, the movie gets a user rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it a 10/10, probably because of the movie's message: weapons nuclear weapons are the bane of humanity. Chuck Murdock is a minor league pitcher who abandons baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith is a Boston Celtic star that draws inspiration from Chuck's story and abandons basketball. Soon, all the sports leagues from the professional level to the university, the secondary school and the small league are dismantled in a worldwide protest. Later all the children of the world make a silent strike. This inspires the president of the United States to meet with the Soviet prime minister, who in time agrees to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The film ends with Chuck about to launch the first pitch, with the President telling his new best friend, Chuck, not to worry about hitting all the hitters, since he has not thrown a baseball in a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line, an infamous chief of the underworld kills Amazing Grace. When the president finds out, he is told that the FBI can verify the murderer, but he can never prove it. So the president calls the chief of the underworld ("But it's one o'clock in the morning," "I do not care, put him on the line") and tells him to give up all the company directories he sits on and sell all the shares he has sold. have. And not to leave the line again. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie was so horrible that I could not turn it off. It was on television from 2:30 to 4:00, and I saw everything. I was not rejected by the propaganda of antinuclear weapons. I was discouraged by the implausible decomposition of all organized sports. I do not even understand why they killed "Amazing Grace" Smith. And with all these famous athletes becoming friends with Chuck, why the father was constantly upset with his son taking a principled position. And there was a cliché moment near the end when dad told Chuck: "I never told you this, but I'm proud of you." Hug cue
