It's a real shame that almost nobody under 30 knows "on top" of the articles in the magazine Michael O'Donoghugh- and SNL parodies that were great at that moment ... and that's why it's a real shame that anyone who does Take the opportunity to investigate their work; Without a doubt, it will take the easiest way and you will see the videos, which will take you to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie has intelligent elements that never connect completely with the funny bone. The viewer experiences things like diving with cats or swimming with the man who believes he has found feline happiness by throwing these kittens into a pool that the camera follows in slow motion and in the assembly sequence. Then they take us to an island where all the past fashions are removed (hula hops, pet rock, rainbow horror wigs, etc.). Then we entered the world of music (punk was a new variety of music at the moment of this movie) where "The" Rootboy Slim "of the speed bar performs" boogie till you puke "in his own lazy style of eclectic filth and sleaze.Now the real beauty of all this is the background music.In many different styles With many different instruments, the sound of TELSTAR is reproduced and repeated: for those who do not understand, Telstar was the first American satellite launched into space and the theme was created to celebrate the genius and triumph of man.MR MIKES seems to have been thought of as a sign of social disintegration of ridiculous waste ... Now, one thing that the theater offered that the release of the video was not a live performance of Sid Vicious (former sex gun not the wrestler) singing MY W AY Your version is very different from Sinatras as one might imagine, but frankly I think it's really worth listening to ... it's good! That's the sad part: at the VHS release, Paul Anka refuses the rights to his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation in the image of the dead sex pistol singer. <br /> <br /> I would give the cinema a release of 5 or 6, the video is closer to a 4 and now that it is gone, I can see where many people give it a 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good watch by O'Donoghugh SCROOGED ... it is a better tribute to the vision and talent of man.
