Well, I'm probably about to be criticized by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured movies I've seen in a long time. We have a 2 and a half hour movie that looks like it's three thirty because he has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family that has to move out of their home due to drought and hunger. They have to travel south to the cities to find food or some kind of work. Conveniently they find a bag of jewelry and at the same time they discover that the drought is over. Yes, Ok. With this knowledge, they return home with their riches and everything is fine and again wonderful. <br /> <br /> Well, that takes about an hour and a half of film and, although at this point it's incredibly lifeless, it has a good arc. One would think that this would be a fantastic place to finish the movie. However, the movie continues for another hour. And in this remaining time, he takes a simple story about a family that faces the world's difficulties and turns it into a melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes, and in ancient times, money is the root of all evil, blah, blah, blah. Just because he knows he's making an epic movie does not mean his story can continue unnecessarily for longer than necessary. Also the main idea I would get about this movie is that the earth is good for this family and holds it together. So why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man who falls in love with another woman and why the final moment of the film is dedicated to a wife that our main character has not even worried about most of the movie? <br /> <br /> Oh, wait and the movie is not the only thing that is misspelled, the wife of the main characters does not make any sense. She complains a lot about how she was a slave and never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why in the blink of an eye is she willing to sell her only daughter to slavery? Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still does not make sense when 20 minutes later in the movie she complains about not wanting a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other movies from the 1930s that you should pay attention to. The only thing that has to its favor is cinematography. The ground is well rolled, oh, and the sequence with the lobsters is pretty impressive. Too bad they were in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this time Hollywood was mainly focused on the stars and thought that a good actor can represent anything. For most of the film, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man as best he can, but once he reaches the midpoint where the film continues for no reason, he loses it and becomes the old Italian Paul, even cut the hair. so he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this one). Of all the main characters in the film, I think maybe three are Asian, the rest are just Americans who are stupid. Oh, and please, Miss Rainer, it was a very good interpretation of a note, no, if I could tear the Oscar out of your hands, oh, I would. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth is an epic waste of time. If you want to see something like that in vain, get The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all the accolades it receives. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
