... because both are pretty bad. I think the best part of the movie is the horrific imperial image of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. It seems that he could easily get out of that image, tear someone to pieces in bloody pieces, and calmly re-enter the portrait as if nothing had happened. Now, you know that a movie is in trouble when part of the furniture set manages to attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit that I paid $ 30 for the DVD just to be able to see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you're thinking: $ 30 in a huge black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. There it is out in the open. I expected some real fears, and I waited and waited and waited. None came The crow (probably a crow in makeup) did not scare me, seeing that little pieces of internal organs did not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not that brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself that is the problem. Besides, Jennifer was not scared either. Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more upset than anything else. Her life was coming to an end quickly and she is worried about getting more money. Honey, you can not take money where you are going! "I need money," he says continuously, completely ignoring the fact that his lungs have collapsed and have stopped working. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the whole damn movie wondering what happened to Grandma (Faye). At first I suspected, Faye played a grandmother and everything, and in the end he continued to suspect. There is another relative who lives in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen, the grandmother of hell, are forced to share temporarily, and I guess it is the same generation as the grandmother. Here is the strange part: the relative seems to have just put up with the party of his hundredth birthday. Mary Ellen looks like she just received a facelift from a renowned surgeon. Facelifts can not work miracles, but I think Faye's appearance is important for the rice paper weave. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is plagued by a disease that affects the bad performance ... I'm sorry, my little joke. Seriously, however, there is a disease that causes your organs to fail and eventually disintegrate. Yuck, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did you avoid the family curse? Something happens to her, obviously. <br /> <br /> Another reason to regret the loss of my thirty dollars: this movie presents one of my most popular hobbies of all time. I mean the final double. This movie ends twice. I hate it when that happens, and in this movie it seems that the director filmed the ending, he did not like it and he forgot to eliminate it during editing. I guess it's supposed to be scary, but only if you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> However, there is an additional benefit in this debacle, and it is one of the reasons why I bought the DVD. The comment of the "filmmaker" presents Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how he acted when he did not have lines to recite. Guess what: the movie was so bad that I could not see it again. Fuck
