Jennifer's Shadow takes place in Argentina and begins when Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer leaves Johanna's big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles even though her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) opposes the sale. However, strange things begin to happen, Jennifer begins to have nightmares about the ravens that sting her and she begins to feel very sick. After a checkup in the hospital, it seems that one of your kidneys has mysteriously disappeared, what is happening to Jennifer? Is it an old family curse? Will Jennifer be the next to succumb to it? <br /> <br /> This Argentine-American co-production was co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Parés, and is a really boring loss of ninety odd minutes, a tedious modern ghost story and predictable that I imagine will make more people sleep before they scare them. The script of Vega, Parés and P.J. Pettiette is quite slow and tedious, which is not what anyone wants, I mean I'm sure that most people do not want to sit down and get bored with their skulls. All the characters are uninteresting and quite faceless, with little or no motivation for everything they do. For example, who is that type of cemetery caretaker? How did you hear about the demons? What is your interest and motivation to get involved? I could not see it Jennifer is a pretty unusual and unpleasant lady, her grandmother Mary Allen is as clichéd as they come and it is surprising that she is so obviously the villain. I mean that this kind of horror / ghost story based on a mystery is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both logic and history that, along with the terrible end of the turn that is not a big turn, I did not like the shadow of Jennifer's iota. <br /> <br /> Directors Vega and Parés are not far behind. I used the discoloration path of almost all the color of the image, which often makes it not far from black and white. I suspect they wanted to give it a Gothic feel, but it has been done many times before and, often, much better than it did not do much for me at all and just makes the whole movie look boring and lifeless. There is also a definitive aspect of the time of the 40, from the wardrobe to the interior of the big house, but again, it is quite despondent and cheap. Jennifer's Shadow is well done but it's pretty forgettable, it's not scary or creepy and it's pretty predictable. If that was not enough, there is no gore, there are some scenes of Crows pecking at people and a beating heart, but nothing more. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of approximately $ 1,000,000 and renamed to The Chronicles of Raven, for its US and international release on DVD, it is reasonably well done, but a million will not buy you much in these days and Jennifer's Shadow confirms this theory. There are also too many scenes of actors who speak with Argentine accents, although although it is realistic, I would like to be able to understand what people are saying. The acting is fine, although Dunaway exaggerates too much and obviously is there for the money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a garbage ghost movie that I thought was total boredom from beginning to end, I would rather watch The Incredibly Strange. Creatures that stopped living and became mixed zombies ?! (1964) again in its place. A total loss of time.
