This is easily the most disappointing and less rewarding film of all the so-called blacksploitation genre, which, by the way, are movies that we generally enjoy a lot in our house. Instead of being "exploitation" or degrading, these films actually offer an invaluable insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to operate the nightclub that his recently deceased brother left him. He quickly learns that the city is totally controlled by a corrupt police force, which bleeds the protection money of all local companies. Duke resists and determines that he will rescue the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does so by calling a group of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as some former black militants who have worked with Duke on "jobs" in the past) and simply murder the entire police department in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a justification for murder, and it would have been much more entertaining to see the Cracker Police suffer for their actions instead of just being beaten on the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in films of this genre, it is far from seeing Pam Grier track down the thugs who killed her family, mistreat them, give them a jujitsu and kick them. 'cold in the fire. That has art (and a reason to exist) and deserves a level of respect that it does not deserve simply by shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this strange story, she plays a woman completely under the thumb of Man, afraid of the Crackers who run their city and oppress their people. In fact, his advice to Duke is: "Run, man, they'll kill you!" <br /> <br /> After the unhealthy and gratuitous violence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the city approves of Duke's actions and whole-heartedly. his friends, congratulating them and offering to launch a parade in his honor, instead of, say, calling the district attorney to bring charges of capital murder against him and have them arrested. The Duke gang declines the parade and, instead, chooses to fill the numerous vacancies in the police force created by its recent wave of murders. They immediately prove to be even more corrupt than their predecessors of the Cracker Police (to quote the mayor, "They are ten times worse than we had before!"). Now Duke finds that he must rescue the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt and high-risk law enforcement once again and make it safe for decent people to operate a prostitution business on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke already lost all moral ground and sympathy due to a hero, as he voluntarily participated in the murder of the original police force. I would not have minded one way or another if he had rescued Bucktown or had connected at this time. I suppose we should entertain ourselves with the clever way in which Duke has to be more cunning than the new Goons of the police, but in reality the film has become an opera of gratuitous violence, Duke assassinates all his old friends and allies in blood cold with it The lack of compassion I had when shooting against Cracker's police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city except Duke, Aretha and the employees of the local brothel are dead and bleeding on the street, our hero and heroine go into the night as though they had some admirable qualities or values redeemers; they do not Duke is nothing but a murderous thug and Aretha his misogynist accomplice. If you are interested in this genre of film, of course, I highly recommend them, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby, but if in the process you should see this DVD, throw it as far as possible. far as you can! Drop it as if it were on fire! It should be treated as a shining puddle of nuclear waste! There is not a single film in the entire Blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this slime piece, obviously written and aimed at high school sophomores with hormonal imbalances.
