Comet Night begins when the world prepares for a unique event in life, the passage of a comet over 65 million years. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with film projectionist Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) at her post ... They wake up the next morning and when Larry tries to leave the cinema it is attacked. killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape and discovers that almost everyone on the planet has turned into red dust. Almost all of them because, by some surprising coincidence, the only other person who survives is their sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), they desperately search for more survivors and meet a long distance truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, an evil group of scientists needs human blood to develop a serum to prevent them from turning to dust and are attentive to unwilling donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt, I found it Night of the Comet, a pretty nice visual experience, I am surprised by the amount of positive comments I received in IMDb about it because I thought it was a boring shit that never lived up to its potential. The script begins at 100 miles per hour with the destruction of the entire population of Earth and a zombie attack, but then it does not get anywhere and then, finally, presents the sinister scientists who steal blood towards the end of the film , because by then the story is very thin. follow its course. There are also holes in the plot, if these scientists want blood, why shoot the three or four members of the gang and save the two sisters when the boys had brought more blood for their experiments? Killing them seemed like a totally strange and almost suicidal thing. considering that they need blood to develop a cure, it simply does not make sense, I mean that if you are going to die and you need to experiment with human blood, would you prefer that five or six donors provide blood or only two? I'm not having the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I mean, what are the odds of that? When Hector confronts the scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where the underground facilities where they took Regina before committing suicide. How did Hector know these things? I also thought that after the first twenty minutes, the film slowed to a snail pace and became incredibly boring and boring to watch, after hearing so many good things about it, Night of the Comet seems to me to be nothing more than a boring overrated piece Of shit. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt does a very good job, I liked the look of the film with its sky dyed red and manages to create a really great atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are too many empty street takes, there are constant mounts of empty streets, deserted streets and abandoned buildings and it becomes extremely repetitive and boring. OK, we understand that there is nobody else so there is no need to continue ramming us by constantly demonstrating roads without cars. The zombies are totally wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the film and they are also two individual zombies, although there are a couple of effective nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet pays tribute, or start what you prefer, other much better films, such as the obligatory end of shopping around the world in a shopping center located in Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget blood or blood because there is not. <br /> <br /> Technically, Night of the Comet is pretty good, the special effects are decent enough and the production team was obviously very good at closing streets. The performance was fine. I expected Maroney as Samantha, the blonde with the airhead who became very irritating. <br /> <br /> The Night of the Comet was a big disappointment for me, I expected much more. Persoanlly I found this film boring, boring, without incident and the sequence inducing vomit where the sisters go shopping to the rhythm of 'Girls Just Wanna Have Fun' is probably the worst moment of the film. Really bad and I do not understand why so many people like this, I'm sure they'll kill me for saying so, so that the abuse starts, I can stand it ...
