I think it takes a round of applause for anyone who has prepared the trailer for Rogue Pictures' latest release, 'The Return'. I myself, along with everyone else, have been tricked into believing that it is really a horror movie. On the contrary, however, it is actually a supernatural thriller. Too bad it's not exciting at all. <br /> <br /> 'The Return' stars Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since she was eleven years old. It was at that age that he began to have disturbing visions that represented the murder of a woman he had never met. While in Texas on a business trip, her visions take her to the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There he comes face to face with another person who has appeared frequently in his visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now in a desperate search for answers. A search that in the end could result in his own murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to start, folks. Which should I mention first? The atrocious acting, the frightful direction or the terribly bland history? No matter which one I choose, my point behind each one is the same: they just suck. The script by Adam Sussman is frankly moronic. It is not interesting. It is not convincing. It is simply unpleasant. I kept waiting for something to start the "movie" (I put quotes about the film because I do not think 'The Return' deserves to be considered a real movie because of its lack) and, at least, I give it a small opportunity. Hope, but nothing ever happened. I stayed outside in an unbearable cold to freeze. Not even the star performances of the actors themselves could have saved this disaster. Of course, they probably knew it after reading the script and then agreeing to do the "movie." I guess that's why the acting was so horrible. At least that's what I'm choosing to believe. I really hope that the cast does not take pride in their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> <br /> Now the address was unequivocally bad, but I can not completely crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could, but I will not since I'm a good guy). I see 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia because for all of you who do not know, this is your first full-length. "You just put your foot in the door and keep learning." The next time, well, if there is one next, I hope it has improved greatly. "The only thing he could achieve here was to almost completely duplicate the visual style of the remodeling of the Marcus Nispel in 2003 from "The Texas Massacre." That's a good thing, that was given to the "movie," but unfortunately he still will not get any praise from me for it. Copying someone else's work is not something that I consider it worthy of praise (even if it's from a movie I enjoyed a lot.) <br /> <br /> I think the new version of 'Pulse' by Jim Sonzero in the US will now have to give up the title of Worst Movie of the Year. year to "The Return." Beyond all doubt deserves the title in almost every conceivable way.Now I do not doubt that this will make a small profit, and I mean very small.No matter what, however, it will not exceed or even match the unforeseen success of the performance effort before rior de Gellar, 'The Grudge'. In that sense, there is one last thing that I would like to add. Honestly, I can say that I was never ashamed to have been seen leaving an auditorium in the theater until I saw 'The Return'. That's something I never want to experience again, along with the "movie" itself.
