When evaluating documentaries that focus on a relatively small group of far-right ultra-right and conservative groups like this one in the United States, you should consider the following. The United States of America with its population of 270 million and its complex history as an aspirant democracy and its hopes and desires to defend Human Rights that has its shortcomings and disadvantages. Of course, extreme right groups and ultra-conservative groups are expected to exist in considerable numbers, however, in relation to the size of their population, they are very small and isolated. In per capita terms, Europe, Great Britain and even Australia have similar right-wing groups, in fact, in per capita terms, the actual size of neo-Nazi groups in Australia is actually higher than in the United States of America. It is for the above reasons that it is unjustifiable to demean and vilify the American people and their level of debate in the American Educated Society by very fraudulently and misleadingly presenting this group of right-wing psychopaths as representatives of the American Society. In doing so, Greenstreet deliberately chose small, isolated groups at opposite ends of the spectrum to build an image of America that is a scandalous and deliberate tabloid lie. This film is clearly designed to inflame and please the views of the people who harbor this subconscious and morbid hate to the people and the way of life of the United States under the pretext of the ideology of the leftist wing of fashion and idealistic cliché. This movie was made for profit, not to promote the truth about the American Society and the human condition. Greenstreet can make documentaries that focus on far-right conspiracies, the military industrial complex, but fail miserably to present an intelligent and balanced factual debate, let alone alternative solutions to the faults of a vibrant democracy. Movie Show is exposed as Anti American for its support to this garbage. SENSATIONALISM at its worst against garbage from the United States shameful.
