In all my years of shooting movies, only once I came out of a movie, and that was the dreadful "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema returned the ticket and I went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (a minor improvement). That movie is "Gone with the Wind" in comparison to "Dick", a comedy so funny that it almost became the second film I came out of. "Dick" was so funny that it was even impossible to laugh at him, let alone laugh with him. <br /> <br /> Of course, paying to see a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that it will be filled with Enaneó "jokes" and ended with great disappointment, and yet I had high hopes due to the remarkable cast ( Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and a premise that at least promised something. Cool. What was delivered in the film was, as foreshadowed, four terribly predictable "cock" jokes, the comic time that suffers from jet lag and a premise that ran out after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene of "Forrest Gump" stretched, that is, placed on a shelf and shattered: more than 90 unbearable minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main characters - though, the insipid crap who tirelessly pant and roll their eyes - will participate in every major Watergate event, beginning to mentally verify the plot as it progresses : 18 and a half minutes erased from the Nixon tapes, CHECK; Deep Throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean getting a change of heart and testifying, CHECK. The process goes on more languidly and is as attractive as the real Watergate affair, with the same amount of laughter to boot. And although it seems to be a fun re-deconstruction of the events that led to the resignation of President Nixon, it becomes a comedy of painting by numbers, choosing your own adventure, filling in the blanks that says: very little and entertains even less. <br /> <br /> Even the strong point of the film, the aforementioned cast, is surprisingly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Trapped while behind the thick Liddy mustache and with his shirt stretched out in this numb and sulky script, Shearer murmurs a few lines, tries desperately to look from behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comic intellectual authors of Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this movie - ah, the blessings of nepotism) is also wrong. Your H.R. Haldeman occasionally lends a great relief to the plot of the funeral, but the funniest thing about him is the sport cut that plays sports, perhaps the funniest movie of all. And then there's Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon. Wow, I mean "Dick." (Ha ha what fun.) He manages to play a solid Nixon, avoiding the pitfalls (such as exaggerated makeup, gummy nose and false teeth while retaining the essence (the hesitations between human tenderness and rudeness It seems like I'm forgetting someone ... oh yes, the two stars of the movie, those teenagers too bubbly ... I do not remember their names, maybe because I repressed their performances ... Nothing could be further from the funny thing; It could be more painful than having to endure his delivery that covered the range of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "puchero". <br /> <br /> This movie seemed to be a bad excuse to join a band sound of the 70s and a parade of indignation of clothes, both seem to be the norm these days for movies and television programs set in "Me Decade." But clothes and music end up being an ersatz substitute for characterization and plot true, a kind of extra shorthand that producers expect to compensate anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use for this movie It has been years since any of his talented actors appeared on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible cinematic excretion will be dragged to embarrass and, hopefully, humiliate the stunned guest star. The sad thing is that the real bad guys in all this, the writers and producers, will be far from the camera look, possibly preparing another disaster like this. <br /> <br />
