The first time I saw the preview of this movie, I really could not wait to see it. The plot seemed good and the surroundings were great. I mean, a slasher movie that takes place on graduation night, a great idea! And the plot: A high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, goes crazy, gets arrested and escapes three years later on graduation night! Graduation night, a night that is supposed to be happy and memorable, turns into hell! However, I saw it and it disappointed me a lot. Not only was it the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life! In the first place, it was not even scary. There was not a moment in that movie when I jumped out of my seat. Also, the murder scenes were so cheesy and boring. All Slasher did was stab his victims in the stomach several times or cut their throats. There was also absolutely no gore (its PG-13 rating). The scene with more blood was probably the one in which the murderer murders the black girl. He cuts her throat and splashes blood on the sheets hanging around her (she does not actually show him cutting her throat). <br /> <br /> Next, you'll see the killers face each other the first time they show up in the movie. . It is not mysterious, creepy or scary. It's just this guy that kills people. <br /> <br /> Also, everything in the movie was a cliché. An example is when, in the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and, at the last moment, the detective shoots him and kills him. Also, everything in this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, runs for his life, hides, thinks he escapes, and then the murderer simply throws himself and kills him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the movie was extremely bad. The man enters the hotel, kills a few people, corpses are discovered, someone fires the fire alarm and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, has an encounter with the murderer, runs and escapes. That's! She and her boyfriend go home, the killer kills the guards who patrol the house, finds the girl and then is killed by the detective. The sequence of the film was so stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If you are thinking about watching this movie because the preview looked good, trust me, do not waste time or money. It is not surprising that this film was shown in the smallest theater of the cinema. My friend and I, along with these two girls sitting in the back, were the only ones in the theater. That should have told me something about the movie beforehand.
