The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say, however, that Disney made a mistake when they made this sequel. I admit that you have some positive points. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clean and clear. There is some humor, I am sure, I do not remember, because after seeing it, I immediately prevented it from appearing before my eyes again. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes his father. She forbids her daughter from approaching the sea (yes, out of fear), just as she was forbidden from approaching the land. Personally, I think that, given her past, Ariel would maintain some of her stubborn ways and would not treat her daughter as if she herself had been treated. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula was replaced by a pathetic one who was not afraid. A kind of sea witch (the sick and forgotten sister) that is more comical than terrifying. She also has a small subordinate to carry out her orders, but it is not more terrifying or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her credibility for evil. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat, deep-voiced father (he is no longer the cute guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not even made by the same actor (something that always bothers me in a remake / sequel). (By the way, their difference in voice was very obvious to me!) I felt that the only reason this film was made was so that Disney could earn a few quick dollars, something I hate to think of a corporation that I really enjoy. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know that this act (the child follows in the footsteps of a father) happens, but Ariel was different. That's what we liked so much about her. She had a dream, fell in love, and made that dream come true. Until he appeared in this movie, that's it. Then she became the same as the other adults. This is not the Ariel I know. And I do not like it. <br /> <br /> I know some children who have enjoyed this movie, and I know some adults who did not care either. But for me, and for all of you who have the greatest love for Ariel, do not watch this movie. The Ariel we know dies inside, resurrected only by a song or two and a final scene that is not really bad (where it accepts water again), although it takes very little paper in the end, despite everything.
