I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say anything about that about The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was an inverted copy of the first movie. The same situations, except the other way around! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was tricked by Ursula, Melody is tricked by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister? I'm not sure where that came from. Besides being a strange copy of the first movie, this plot of movies seemed tired and was not interesting compared to the first movie. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her? She is no longer the brave and obstinate teenager that we all knew and loved since the first film, now she has "grown up" and her personality has gone down the drain. Her singing voice was not that strong, either because Jodi Benson was much older or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric: although he did not have much personality in the first film, like all the princes of Disney, somehow his new voice and his few lines made him even more robotic. To make matters worse, it seems that he can not defend himself, and Ariel becomes the stronger of the two. 3. Sebastian: Say goodbye to the adorable crustacean of the first movie, because a small weeping and aggravating crab has just taken its place. I did not have any good songs in this movie either. You can almost forget the glory he won by singing the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie, and it's very sad. 4. Flounder- They destroyed it !! He is not nice anymore, his voice is terrible, and he has children now? Who is the mother? 5. Morgana: seems to be the sister of Ursula in search of revenge against her mother, who always chose her for her. So she plans that King Triton's trident will become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? In any case, she is a very cliché villain and does not reach the greatness of Úrsula as a villain. She fails epically in witchcraft, is not very hard and is not threatening at all. 6.Melody- The daughter of Ariel and Eric. Ironic name because she, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or pleasant, and she is exactly the same as Ariel, conversely and not so nice. Skip this. Do not see any Disney sequel, except Lion King 2. This movie destroyed the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories. I'll look back on this movie and I'll just laugh.
