Well, as a Disney fan for a long time, I really hate the Disney sequels directly to the video. Walt himself did not believe in them. He believed that "AND THEY LIVED HAPPY ALWAYS AFTER" was the end of everything. But this ... REALLY marked the cue. There were so many scams from other Disney movies on this, it was not funny. Brief summary, if you still do not know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric is born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who basically looks like Ursula, if she dyes green and follows Ally Macbeal's starvation diet) appears and, after trying to give birth to the newborn, and failing that, prophesies the destiny of the characters. After that ordeal, Ariel enters a span of being like her father, and refuses to tell Melody about her siren heritage, and later, forbids her from approaching the sea. Well surprise surprise. Melody discovers it, being the stubborn brat she is, and runs away, then makes a deal with Morgana to become a siren, in exchange for something. (What do you sound familiar?) She becomes one, but in her half of the deal, she has to retrieve her grandfather's Trident and return it to the sea witch. While doing THIS, he finds a pair of marginalized animals, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb, eh? No, wait! That's not Timon and Pumbaa! Or is that? He could have deceived me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but almost anything that can be supposed to happen. OK so ... long story short. This movie "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and it does it horribly. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not make Dash obscenely flat and make it a more obvious scam? Ugh Not to mention, the butchery of the total character of the person of Ariel. She has gone from being a free, stubborn woman, to a clone of her father. It's not good at all ... they're basically telling us that the sweet and fiery little mermaid we've known to grow and love is dead. Also, Melody is not a great character either ... she's very annoying! And spoiled! Not to mention what they have done to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you decide to see this piece created primarily for profit, without imagination, sponsored by Eisner, I suggest that maybe wait until the Disney channel. or some other television station. Because, it's not even worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * of ***** stars.
