I guess it was for Temple Matthews, who basically wrote a remake even though there are few changes that make it worse. SPOILERS: It's very similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to keep Melody away from them. Did Ursula have a sister? And she is not as good a villain as Ursula was. This is where there is similarity. Medoly stays away from the sea until Morgana is captured, but she does not know anything about it, because everything happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it inside and outside. She goes under the wall every day to swim and talk to Sebastian, which is not as fun or fun as in the original. She finds a shell with her name on it and runs away from home to find answers and finds Morgana. Here is a similarity; Morgana cheats Melody, making her happy by becoming a mermaid here. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. To stay as a mermaid, she needs to steal Triton's trident. This is what Melody does, because she does not know that King Triton is her father. She befriends a penguin and a walrus and this is where it is horrible. The penguins that live with them in an icy ocean, hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and they fail. That does not suit the little mermaid. And the dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and those two characters is bloody. You know why? Because the first one had a great story. This is not nor is it magical. It's just an example of how bad the sequels are. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and helps take her to Atlantica to prove her worth. When they take the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother for keeping her away from the sea, so she gives the trident to Morgana, then shows her true colors once she grabs him. The poor Ariel and Melody are in their custody. The penguin and the walrus begin to prove their worth when they fight against Morgana's shark friend. I'm sorry, I did not mention it before. Finally they prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow before Morgana by the power of the trident. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and throws Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's all his fault. Was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say it. Triton offers Melody to live in sea or land. She, in fact, has a "better idea". She uses the trident to vaporize the wall, so that humans and mer-folk can be together. Then they all sing a horrible song. THE END. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has seen it and likes this obviously has not seen the original. I do not dislike this because I am a teenager. I liked when I was very very small. Then, as I got older, I started to see what's wrong with this movie. Young people will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in elementary school they forget about it. Normally, I think I judged a movie too much and it was better than I remember when I saw it again, but it is not. It is even worse. History is no exception. If you thought, reading this that the story is good, read more of this comment and you will know the other negative points: Well, you already know the story. I'm sorry I spoiled you, but I had to point out some bad parts. One of the worst things is animation. The color is horrible. The original had a beautiful color. Seeing this almost made me want to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had beautiful, magical colors and beautiful designs of underwater landscapes and also for the earth, so it is a joy to see them. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first one, the music here sucks. The songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think that's her name) that Melody did can not sing. She sometimes sang too loudly or did not follow the melody of the song. So much to have "Melody" as a name. And music is not at all beautiful or moving. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it and he really deserved it. This one deserved a big prize for the worst musical score in a sequel, if it existed. <br /> <br /> I did not like the voices. Several people who played characters from the beginning, did the same in this. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she's older, do not be offended, her voice is too deep and she's not that beautiful anymore. And I'm really disappointed with her and with others who were the first to be part of this. If I was chosen for this movie, just by reading the script, I can say it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is wiser now, but annoying. They exaggerated his character, making it too mature. In the sequels, it is not intended that you change the characters unless it is for a special reason. I was sixteen years old in the first one. There is little chance of her changing. That is the stage when you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. The writers should think about that. They should think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I guess it's for me. I hope you find my comment useful, because I am sure many of you will agree with my point of view.
