This movie makes me want to throw up every time I see it. If you take the first film and reverse the plot (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw the shit animation and the biggest sucking factor , possible, you get the little siren 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with an inverted plot. I will take you step by step through horror. These are the people of the first film: first, Prince Eric is still Prince Eric, with approximately 3 lines throughout the film. Ariel is tense, upset, and it is not the carefree and stubborn spirit that we saw in the 1st. In fact, she is exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still Sebastian, but he is less cute, less convincing because he is stressed, and the jokes are no longer funny. Flounder has about 2 lines. Now he has children and speaks with a mute nasal voice. Scuttle is still stupid, but it's not fun. The character of King Triton is probably the best, still retains intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to be worried about their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula: the new evil villain is Morgana, the sister of Úrsula who feels that she always lived in the shadow of Úrsula. I would not be afraid of her if she showed up at my door with a knife. She can not do anything right and is a failure as a villain. She has the same voice as Ursula. Sebastian & Flounder: have been replaced by the most stupid companions, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always fail when they try. The plot is so predictable. They become heroes in the end. Yawn. Flatson and Jetsom: now replaced by a shark that was knitted 10 times smaller. It is really bad too. Morgana and the shark (sharkbait, I think it was her name) have no chemistry, neither good nor bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her lovely daughter, the melody. Melody can not sing, his voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch him in the face because he is so sweet and sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and children make fun of her, she has to go and look for herself. yawn. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie boring and unoriginal, but it's also so simple when you see this movie that you're going to gasp for how bad it is. Certain parts of the film make you want to call Disney and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Basically, comparing the Little Mermaid 2 with the Little Mermaid is How to Compare and the Ed Wood movie to Casablanca. Never look at this, even when you're bored.
