.... scam of a dozen best movies. In particular, "LA Story" by Steven Martin, who at least had the grace to be obviously fictional, even though he starred as his girlfriend in the movie. <br /> <br /> Yes, naive boys and girls, "20 Dates" IS a fake documentary, although I'm not absolutely sure that was the intention of Myles Berkowitz when it started. My impression is that he started the project almost in earnest, and then quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not fun, unless he made the situations increasingly ridiculous. As a result, everything has an uncomfortable, cheap and disingenuous feeling about it. <br /> <br /> As someone intelligent pointed out, the film has two of the "citations" that demand and place restraining orders in Myles and still appear in the film, which would be impossible since it would require a consent form . It also seems to me that most of the women who appear as "the dates" are professional actresses (not famous albiet, with the exception of Tina Carrere); they are simply very pretty, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake in choosing only this type of very pretty and thin actress, instead of using a variety of credible women, which could have made the premise (even in a false documentary) is more credible and fun. He also reviews what is probably his real-world problem, and that both the character in the film and the real-world Myles Berkowitz seem to be functionally unemployed (their real-life IMDb credits are virtually nonexistent, except this movie). Even in the movie world, his ex-wife divorced him to never be employed. I think the viewer (let alone Mr. Berkowitz's real life quotes) deserves an explanation of how he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US. UU., In a luxury apartment, drive an elegant car and go out to eat expensive. Restaurants when he does not see any source of income at all. (Is he the drug dealer? Living from his rich parents? I have no idea!) <br /> <br /> You can get away with anything in a movie, if the jokes are really fun. "20 Dates" is painful, embarrassingly fun for the UN. The idea of ​​a joke by Mr. Berkowitz is to have his character, while on restaurant dates, announce to his classmates how it is likely that the food served will give him diarrhea or constipation, the worst kind of childhood humor. <br /> <br /> It is not very surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz never made a film before "20 Dates" and in the last 8 years, he has not made a single film, he appeared as an actor in the other film person O had a writing or producing credit of any kind. My instinct tells me that this movie was not financed by "Elie" (the gangster's money man who appears outside the camera), but rather by the wealthy parents of Mr. Berkowitz, or perhaps it represents an amazing abuse of Credit cards. Whatever it is, we can all rest easy, as it is unlikely that we have to see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts. Hallelujah!
