Although Bondarchuk was not a young man when he was entrusted to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only one photo, a successful adaptation of a brief history of World War II, in his name. Bondarchuk, of course, had already been an established acting star for a decade, but theatrical skills meant little behind the camera, and as a director he was not prepared to undertake such a scale production. And it is seen through confusing shot compositions, especially evident in group scenes, often unfortunate camera positions, apparently the interpretations of a very variable quality for the director were so overwhelmed by the magnitude of the actors in the task apparently they were left to their own devices, clumsy voices that sound like radio broadcast announcements. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason that led the Soviet government not to save on this production. The launch of the USSR from Vidor's photo caused a stir. Certainly, Bondarchuk wanted to emulate the greatest strength of the Hollywood movie and find his own Audrey. Her final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a thing with big eyes and dark hair, looks like Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a Kirov ballet dancer with no experience or talent, so it is not surprising that the kindest word I can find to describe her performance is "horrible". <br /> <br /> Although one might expect the Soviet actors, Speaking the same language as the Tolstoi characters, we would understand them better than the foreigners, but this War and Peace often proves that this is not the case. The revolutionary agitation swept the thin top layer of Russian cultural soil, of the world of War and Peace, so that a good part of these great Soviet actors involved in this production often seem as disoriented as the Americans who play Shakespeare. I do not mean, of course, that American actors can not play Shakespeare credibly, but you know what I mean by watching American cast members in the Branagh adaptations. Of the three main characters, only Pierre de Bondarchuk is praiseworthy, but even he was too old for the part and feels out of place at the beginning.
