Very bad but observable science fiction film that suffers from abominable special effects, bad acting and a ridiculous story. The film begins with a spaceship that returns from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with green slime on his arm. She, through some artifices of the plot, begins to tell what happened in this fateful trip, since almost all the tapes seemed to be erased magnetically. Four astronauts embark on this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart of a poor man who enjoys saying the word "Irish" and has the ability to act like a cod, and then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only crew female member in flight with three men wearing the most formal outfits possible to accentuate all her curves, then Les Tremaine, a wonderful actor from cheap sci-fi movie characters like this, and finally, Jack Kruschen as Sammy, the Brooklyn boy with jokes and does not seem too bright though chosen for his experience in electronics. None of these artists is really good, and they all say their dialogue with little conviction. Look at Tremaine while saying that scientific nonsense! Actually, the best of the four is Kruschen, and that really says a lot about this movie. But despite the bad performances, the film crumbles when they land on Mars through a flashback. The Angry Red Planet had a really cheap budget because Mars is really the American Southwest with a deep red tinge on it. When the story requires something that might seem Martian, there are drawings placed with an intense red tinge on them. You can see that they are drawings. The monsters may be even worse, since we have a rat-bat spider with a size of over 40 feet that it seems that some children came together to gather dead animals. The other significant creature is a giant amoeba with a rocking eye. Phew! These are bad. There's a nice drawing of a Martian city, but there was not enough of this in the movie. Despite all these major problems, The Angry Red Planet is a bad and funny movie. It is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they used in the movie are so outdated. A guy is using an electric razor with a cable and I thought they could get to Mars, but they're still using cables. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look at much of the film, even with budget constraints, but the story of him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how about the end with psychedelic music and colors? Wonderful man!
