A spaceship returns from Mars; About a couple of months before, an expedition of 4 people had been sent to the red planet. Most of the image is a flashback of what happened there. The image is full of melodramatic dialogues, typical of the science fiction efforts of the fifties and sixties. Consider, for example, how the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stay there" for no reason; As if moving to another place inside the ship would cause a problem. Later, the commander orders two crew members to remain on the ship while he and another go outside. The two he ordered to stay say "no way" and continue; I did not have much hope for the success of the expedition at this point. There is a lot of talk about "twisting the ears" and embracing a frozen ray weapon called "Cleo" (short for Cleopatra, of course). At least it would be quite funny, unintentionally, if the story does not creep. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow pace for the whole thing; Astronauts spend so much time looking at the portals of the ship's window (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, as they explore outside. The Martian landscape, announced as filmed in 'Cinemagic', usually resembles animation cuts, or drawings, is filtered through a red-orange filter to give the illusion of interacting with the actors, who acquire an odd surreal look due to process. But I do not think that deceives anyone older than 10 years. The only intelligent mention I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tinged with unreality, so that would explain the unreal nature of the Martian view. Oh, it's okay ... <br /> <br /> I was surprised by some of the actions of the astronauts when they started to explore; From the beginning, they test their freezing gun on a plant, killing it, for the fun of it. Then the female member hacks with a machete on what she thinks is a tree, but turns out to be the leg of the spider rat monster. Well done, ma'am. Look next time. No wonder that "intelligence" on Mars is angry and does not mind that one of the lowest forms of life, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. The acting is not too impressive. Mohr, especially, had a very annoying technique, said a line and then suddenly burst out in a huge smile that always scared me, it reminded me of It! Terror from beyond space. The end is quite anti-climatic; Do not expect big revelations beyond the "no more expeditions" with frozen pistols called Cleo.
