When reading my review of THE HOUSE THE SCREAMED, many may assume that I am 14 years old and I think that SCREAM is considered a "classic" horror. This is not the case, since I am 30 years old and I have been watching horror movies for most of my life. But you have to admit that I'm a kid from the 80s who grew up in the horror movie types of Slasher / Zombie / Ghost / Cannibal, etc. Therefore, I prefer horror films that are more graphic and faster-paced. Like someone who can appreciate music, painting or, in this case, the cinema, but I do not necessarily like it, I can appreciate why some people can enjoy this kind of movie ... Just do not ... <br /> <br /> THE HOUSE THE SCREAMED is an extremely boring and tedious movie about a school for misguided girls. The school's hard-hand teacher rules with an iron hand (or whip in some cases ...) to keep the girls online. She has a small son who crawls and looks at the girls while they bathe (in their nightgowns no less (?!?) ...), and meanwhile, the girls are disappearing from school as they are the victims of a murderer What is Lurking on campus ... <br /> <br /> I can see why THE HOUSE YOU CALLED often compares to SUSPIRIA (which in my opinion is a masterpiece of a movie ...), in terms of the atmosphere of the school itself and the interaction between the girls and their guardians, but this movie is so boring and uneventful that I could hardly stay awake. I am in favor of "tension" and "suspense" in horror films, but this movie is not valid for me. Luckily, I did not expect much in this, so I can not say that I was disappointed. THE HOUSE THAT CALLED simply reinforced the fact that, personally, I do not enjoy most horror movies much older than the 70's. This is not a hard and fast rule, but the ones that I have definitely enjoyed seem to be more of the exception. It's probably a "must see" for horror fans who enjoy more underestimated and suggestive horror movies, but since I do not know many fans of that kind of material, I can not really recommend this ... 4/10
