60 minutes in the beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape from the isolated boarding school she attended at the beginning of the film. Are you fleeing from a fate too horrible to contemplate, a monster, a black-gloved killer or a supernatural evil? No, she's running from a bunch of thugs. During the OTHER 40 minutes that follow, several figures walk around the school in the dark holding candlesticks and looking alarmed or distressed, which does not say much in itself, perhaps because great movies have been made about it, but if you go to the characters that walk through corridors and stairs, better that it is Alain Resnais, or who better know how to illuminate that staircase with bright reds and violets like that of Mario Bava. We know that a murderer stalks the perimeters of the school, but his body count is lamentable and scarce, and in the absence of the visceral horrors that one expects to find in the giallo, we do not have the sensation of sinister mysteries / unspeakable secrets that hide behind of a facade of order and piety and rectitude, which is the kind of film that La Residencia wants to be, but does not know how to do it. We know that something is wrong because it is reported that the girls are missing, but we never have the mysterious atmosphere that says "something is very bad here, man". When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the students, he does it with fast-cutting hysteria and close-up details of separated eyes and lips, while the high-pitched music "this is shocking" resonates in the background. None of the ethereal beauties and longing for PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. Everything is a little clumsy and aimless, without a real sense of urgency or direction. Some people present themselves as suspects, but there is little reason to look after the identity of a murderer who goes unnoticed by the characters in the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife striking the target superimposed on the anguished face of the victim as a lullaby in the background, but the rest is too inconsequential for my taste. I have to say that Serrador did much better with the children that kill and the paranoia du soleil of WHO CAN KILL A CHILD?
