Virtually the only other actor who would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to present a reasonably effective performance (and as a producer of the film, he was not likely to be fired or told! It was not right for the part!) The early life of the reckless motorcyclist is reported here in multiple flashbacks. The film begins with a rather silly prologue with Hamilton in his white leather team, with stars and splashing the world according to Knieval, as if to say: "Do not worry, this movie is about my youth, but I'll be back In my family costume at the end of the photo ". Hamilton is preparing for a big leap, but he is still licking his wounds from the previous one, as the devout wife Lyon supports him and mocks him. Remember several vignettes of his childhood and years of delinquency in adolescence, along with his first days as a pilot of stunts and celebrities in bloom. This flip-flop approach is quite abrupt and, at times, disjointed, but it prevents the film from sticking to one of its low-cost sets for a long time or getting tangled up with the characters quite pedestrian. Hamilton, usually a soft and elegant person, does a very good job of representing the small details of the gestures and behavior of his subject, including his walk. Her hair is a little lighter and longer, and she works hard to give the correct inflections in her speech. (He even pays a small tribute to Knieval's many injuries by appearing on a tiny towel while his shoulders are covered in "scars" from numerous accidents). Facially, he does not look like the real cyclist at all, but he suggests it in his physical performance. . Lyon is excellent at playing the young woman she loves and then at the most mundane wife, even though her pack of 3 packages per day threatens to give her away at any time. She and Hamilton start an easy chemistry that helps a lot to put the film. Freed gives him other good turns of support, like his jaded doctor, Cameron as an early influence and Taylor as a fake thief. The movie was made on a low budget, but the story is quite low rent anyway, so it does not affect it too much. The creators wisely used the real locations in Butte, Montana, to give the film a suitable small-town feel. Several of Hamilton's antics are funny, although the character is certainly reckless and inconsiderate of other people's properties! Some of the completed and failed tricks of the real Knieval are included in some blurry images, one of which has an amazing "splash" in which the man is rolled up and bounced like a rag doll. The then wife of Hamilton (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
