Well, you may not actually GO to any woman in love in this movie, but you'll certainly hear women SPEAK about love, men who talk about love, women who talk about men and men who talk about women, and men talking about men and everyone talking about death, and talking, and talking, until you want to shout and do something that does not require talking at all, like painting your bedroom or watering your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-babbling reigns, and where no one can live a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spend time with the characters in a novel by D.H. Lawrence is like being locked in a closet with a group of your most self-absorbed acquaintances that you would run away from if you met them at a party. When I read "Mujeres enamoradas", I desperately wanted to strangle all the characters, but since I could not, I expected them to at least strangle each other. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I will not spoil it for you by saying which, in case you really care about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To give director Ken Russell his due, he makes this filmed version as entertaining as it is possible to make this novel essentially impossible to film. It expels much of the psychological jumbo that Lawrence adored and, instead, concentrates on all the naughty parts, so we have a lot of histrionic relationships in beds and fields, two naked men fighting in the light of the fire, and an embarrassing scene with Alan. Bates (yes, he's naked again) wandering through a meadow making love with bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the most dominant of the two sisters in the focus of the story, and she certainly goes out of her way to do something with this material; Anyone would deserve an Oscar simply for having to endure Russell's decision to give him a scene in which he has to dance wildly in front of a mystified herd of cattle. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense look. Everything is overwritten and over addressed, and it is deliriously corny. In fact, this competes with "Mommie Dearest" as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical movie I've seen. <br /> <br /> Grade: D
