"Prom Night" is a new version of the title of the 1980 slasher movie starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in a city in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to her graduation and is allowed to have fun after going through some extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends arrive at the graduation party, which takes place in a large hotel, and try to enjoy what is supposed to be the funniest night of their lives. Someone knows little, a man from Donna's past, who has persecuted her for years, is also at the prom ... and is willing to kill anyone to pursue her. <br /> <br /> I 'm a fan of the original "Prom Night", so I tried to keep some hope in this movie, but I must admit that I was quite disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers the worst affliction that a horror movie could have, and that is predictable. Here there are no surprises, and I felt that I had seen everything in this movie many times, often better, before. What does this mean for the audience? Boredom. Unless, of course, I've never seen any horror movies, or part of the pre-teen crowd, but most of the audience will probably be able to guess almost everything that will happen. The plot is simplistic, but the entire script is devoid of any kind of surprise, spin, atmosphere or anything, and this really hurts the movie because it never gives the audience anything to sink their teeth into. Everything seemed very insipid. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain about the fact that this is also a P-13 movie, and I understand what they are saying, but I do not understand. I think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimum of gore. For example, Carpenter's "Halloween": little or nothing on the screen of violence, but it remains an extremely frightening and effective film. You do not need gore to make a movie scary, but even if "Prom Night" would have been gratuitously violent (which it is not, it's very docile), it would still have added little to the movie because there's not much in the script to build to start with. Tension and suspense here are mild at best, and I spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of situations, and I guessed it about 99% of the time. Our characters are not written enough so that the audience can connect with them, and the disappearances of the numbers are routine and neglected. <br /> <br /> I will point out some things that I liked about this film, however, because it was not completely useless, the cinematography is very good, and everything was very well filmed and quite elegant. Among the fears of "jumping" (which are mostly predictable), there were some who were a bit smart. The sets for the movie are also nice and the hotel is a nice place for the plot to unfold, no matter how predictable the deployment. As for acting, it is mediocre at best. Brittany Snow has the leadership decently, but in reality the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain, and is probably the most experienced artist here, but even he is not that impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical killer type "masked stalker" we see a lot. As for the end, the last fifteen minutes of the film bored me to the end of my wit and it was very anti-climatic. <br /> <br /> In general, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very simple, routine and predictable, which is somewhat annoying, considering that this had the potential to be a decent movie. There were some good times, but the film lacked suspense or atmosphere, and had little development of the plot, nor credible characters. I would advise experienced horror fans to save their money and wait until it comes out on video, or rent the original, because there are no surprises here. Some may find some entertainment in it, but it was too predictable for my liking. I expected something better, and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
