I almost started making a fool of myself when I was going to start this review by saying, "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT," but then I looked up the scriptwriter Lee Hall's resume only to discover that he was the guy BILLY ELLIOT wrote. so it's Mr. Hall who is making fun of himself, not me <br /> <br /> Am I being a little cruel to him? No, because Lee has something that most other aspiring screenwriters in Britain do not have. He has his foot in the door, he previously wrote a successful British film that won prizes and won money at the box office. What do you do next? He gives the audience more of the same <br /> <br /> The young Jimmy Spud lives on a kitchen sink farm. He is bullied at school and no one loves him. The only thing that keeps him active is that he has aspirations to be a ballet dancer. Actually, he has no aspirations of being an angel, but considering his home, he could also be a ballet dancer. He has a malefactor and a father who thinks that "ballet dancers are a lot of nonsense, while his grandfather says that" ballet dancers are as tough as any man you can meet. I remember seeing the Bolshoi ballet ... "Yes, the Ballet is a main point of conversation in a British district of the British district, but now that I think about it, neither is the politics of the left, which seems to be the exclusive domain of middle class". the good ones who live in nice big houses, so immediately everything related to this configuration feels ridiculously false <br /> <br /> Another important criticism is that this is a movie that has no idea who it is trying to appeal. He criticized Channel 4 for broadcasting movies at totally inappropriate moments (THE LAND THAT TIME FORGOT, for example, at 6 am), but they showed it at 2 am and for once they have it perfect. Whereas history involves politics, ballet dancing (I hate Gawd) lung cancer and poverty there is no way this can be considered suitable for a family audience, but as the main protagonist is an 11 year old boy and presents angels and ballet dancers (do not blame me if it seems I'm obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer to them) nor is there much here for an intelligent adult audience. <br /> <br /> Of course, if the producers told Lee Hall at the script development stage that he should write a story with a child and an angel and flatly refused to say he wanted to write about other topics and stories, then I will apologize, but throughout the film you have the feeling that once the film was completed it was going to be commercialized for the same audience that BILLY ELLIOT enjoyed.
