Can you tell a Lew Grade production a mile away? clearly of British style; epic in conception; populated by international star releases; It is usually established in exotic climates. It's a formula that Grade and his ITC company used from the '70s to the early' 80s, which led to titles like The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, Grade produced March Or Die, a remarkably old-fashioned Foreign Legion adventure that models all the features mentioned above. Directed by the generally reliable Dick Richards? who directed the acclaimed Farewell My Lovely just a couple of years before - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionaries led by the stern and disciplined General Foster (Gene Hackman) is sent to Morocco shortly. after the First World War. Its mission is to protect an archaeological festival led by the dedicated Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists are conducting an excavation in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by members of an Arab tribe after the annihilation of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the task? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men risking their lives. This creates a continuing tension between him and Marneau, who believes that legionaries must sacrifice their lives to make excavation possible. The problems increase when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) joins the legionaries. She hopes to discover what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs when they eliminated the first archaeological team. His presence arouses wishes among the legionaries, none more so than the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous rogue who initially shows indifference towards his legionary colleagues, but who gradually grows in stature. Things culminate in a great battle in Erfoud, with swarms of united Arab tribes confronting the handful of legionaries as they desperately try to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, the stellar duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill looks like a mismatch ?? Hackman is the Oscar-winning heavyweight actor, Hill, the handsome but limited Italian heart of numerous low-budget spaghetti westerns. One expects Hackman to act his counterpart off the screen. However, strangely, it is Hackman who gives the weak and non-enveloping performance, while Hill elevates his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is shot in an attractive way in desert places, but the pace is very slow and few characters are worth it. Is Maurice Jarre's music unusually flat too? Very disappointing for the guy who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is remarkable that someone has had the nerve to try an outmoded adventure of this kind in the 70s (it was a genre that reached its peak in the 30s and had been almost forgotten during the intervening decades). Unfortunately, the bet really is not worth it? This homage to the legionary films of yesteryear becomes more than a march than a march.
