Geez, another Lifetime movie, but once again it's not exactly the worst movie in the world, but it's far from being the best. I think the main problem is that it is quite obvious who is responsible for what, and it is generally quite predictable. Worse yet, some of the flashbacks ended up being confusing, and the viewer asks, "Okay, how much am I supposed to care about?" One thing that I liked is that the movie shows that it's never as simple as "the good are good and the bad are bad," and sometimes it's wrong against evil instead of good versus evil. Hadley did not do what he did for a sense of justice, he did it because he considered himself entitled to a job because he was a family, and to eliminate competition. As for Alice, it simply shows that a victim is not always a good person. Some of them really "make it come", even if "that" was a painful and horrible death. "The Burning Bed" is a great example of this, but the difference is that the vile man in "The Burning Bed" got exactly what he deserved. But, did Alicia "deserve it"? Some will say that he did, but others do not agree, and the law in general does not either. <br /> <br /> As for the performance, it's a mixed bag. Some do a good job, like Mia, but others are simply indifferent to their roles. They were mostly made of wood or simply not convincing. However, the music was pretty good and some of the scenes are nice and steamy, especially if you like girls. The film is not badly shot at all, but given its obvious weaknesses, the strengths are in the background, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> I've heard rumors of a sequel, but given the years, I doubt it happened to you. But, I would not be surprised if a sequel suddenly appeared. If Alicia is so EVIL, intriguing and horrible as people say, then I do not think she thinks, "YAY! I woke up from a coma! Oh, Hadley was responsible? Oh, that's right! and they want the charges dropped! "No way, Hadley would be in jail for a long time, if he does, since no murder actually happened. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's worth checking out at least once!
