We see a body of a dead girl in a morgue with the coroner trying to close the girl's eyes, but no matter what she tries, they will not stay open. After this, we move into the future and follow a group of old friends from the school who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly begin to be eliminated one by one in many spooky ways. Through the flashbacks, we learned of this horrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be one of the group, but they excluded her because they discovered her past and discovered some strange situations. So, is she back from the grave looking for revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a great story and always creepy! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And "wait" was as good as it came. This is a forgettable supernatural horror movie, I've seen before, but I thought it was the first time I saw it. So, to my surprise, I was surprised when I started to understand certain things, but as I said, it's a pretty forgettable mix that felt like the first time I saw it again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds "few" changes to porridge. Oh, please, give me something that is a little cooler. It does not have to be completely original, but this is one of the formula and sometimes the J-horror movie is quite tired. Although it fits into the usual ghost story it involves, you guessed a vengeful and evil-looking girl's spirit. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity that it is the same old, same old story and shocks. This type of entertainment entertains when it is spooky and appears in some spooky images. The deaths are vividly displayed with bite and some originality. Whereas, the dark environment alienates the audience with its cloudy lighting. The first scene that involves the spirit that terrorizes one of the girls is an experience that sets the blood, but really when I'm not trying to surprise you. I found it more like a coma and I thought about closing my eyes. That could be hard, but it just did not go anywhere of any interest between the shock moments. You could say that because the supposed mystery is not really one of them, the unsafe story is simply flat and the characters are an egocentric group that he does not care what happens to them. The disconnected story should have focused more on the spirit than on these bland characters who have an unconvincing group relationship. He simply overvalued his letters by becoming too confused and delayed getting going. As far as the climax is concerned, it's just ridiculous. However, the unsettling ending of the film is a high point. <br /> <br /> The movie looks good, although I could have done it without the fast and elegant fire edition, and the music was a bit dominant in the staging. The performances mark a fine line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the leading role. <br /> <br /> It's nothing new and steals ideas without shame, but if you can see beyond that, it offers some unpleasant emotions. Although, I found the handling of this rather lethargic, despite the odd effective chills. A standard effort in all aspects, I suppose, but still it is equally impossible.
