In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma delves into what can be called an unknown territory where box office success takes a new form. The Thakur is heading south. Mohanlal while Narsimha, the police inspector whose family has been murdered, seeks revenge in the style of Madrasi. The accent is entirely from South India in contrast to Thakur from the north. The cutting of Thakur's hands by Gabbar is also reduced to the fingers in Aag. Therefore, recovery costs are reduced because there is no effort to conceal hands; instead, only a Kurta with long shoulders is covered for cut fingers. Moreover, in the climax where Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to simple paer hi kaafi hai", here Narsimha uses the heels of his fingers to shoot a weapon and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar de gabbar is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's infamous laugh is also in two installments this time and is more tenuous. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and Urmila romances the replacement of Helen in Mehbooba. He also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. This time, Baban is smarter. He throws the apple and asks the question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravitation. Basanti is more detailed than the Ghungroo automatic controller. Nisha Kothari can not play with the driver of the car and looks very artificial using words like "entertain" and "too much" with gay abandonment. Viru was funny, while Ajay Devgun is a misfit for the role. The incident of God Speaks to Basanti and the shooting lessons, the song of Koi Haseena and the sequences of the water tank are painful. The water tank turns into a well and the drunken Devgun is so bad in the sequence that the audience would have wanted him to commit suicide. Jai was composed and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the others because we do not expect anything from him. But he also stumbles on the Mausi sequence. It is not as romantic as Jai with the organ of the mouth. The role of Jaya played by Sushmita changes career. A pure housewife becomes a doctor this time stepping into a full-time social service after her husband is killed. She also lacks the pain that Jaya showed. His flirtations with Jai are more open this time. Samba has a more important role this time as Tambe. You do not have to point guns and answer questions from Gabbar this time. Follow Babban wherever he goes and he is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the den. Horses give way to jeeps and the car. The hiding place of Gabbar here keeps changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. In general, it is more of a parody than anything else. RGV proposes its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and modified dialogues. So we call it a parody. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start making originals.
