Sholay: Considered one of the best movies. I always wondered if they would ever be the classic again. That was the time when RGV announced this movie and I was a little excited to see it. I always thought that maybe this would be a good movie, but every week here, RGV would change something. And the movie is a B-grade movie, something I did not expect. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look positive, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. The cinematography is impressive. The movie tries to be his own. But that is the positive side. The action sequences are weak. The script had potential. The biggest flaw is the edition. None of the scenes excites you. For example, the comedy sequences felt very out of place and forced. Ironic because the comedy was just as entertaining in the original. And none of the characters is developed. And there will be no scenes until the end. And the end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The most important question is to act. Amitabh Bachchan was as good as Gabbar Singh, nothing great. It seemed as if they concentrated too much on his look, that the character only looks threatening, but do not get scared. Mohanlal is hardly in the film, but impresses in his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not so much the performance, it gave everything, it was the weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to go very far with better films. <br /> <br /> I had high expectations for Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best of them all. She was expressive, but this was not enough yet. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed disinterested for the most part, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. It seems that she needs to find a director that will help her improve her talent, not her cute appearance. But what disappointed me the most was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not seem like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No passion was found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not do the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they almost stink. The Mehbooba of Urmila was too exaggerated and I almost fell asleep. However, it was very well danced. Holi's number was nice, but not memorable. The same was for the other songs. For someone who expected this movie, I was very disappointed. He had high hopes for RGV due to his Jungle, but it seems he lost his talent during the filming of this movie. But I hope he regains his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is better forgotten. All the positive aspects still do not make up for the boring movie that it is.
