I can not find the right words to describe the horror I felt sitting in that cinema when I saw Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's half-hearted attempt to pay homage to that western Bollywood classic, Sholay. The biggest problem with the Varma remake is that it does not even try to make a credible movie. It is evident in every frame of this film that Varma's heart is simply not in it. What you see on the screen is, in the best of cases, a bad joke, a trick on the part of the filmmaker, and it hurts you to see how little a movie that claims to have been a fan of his life actually shows. I've seen several bad movies over the years, but I can not remember one that was such a big torture. Consider yourself very brave if you can survive the whole movie, as it tests your patience as few movies have done before. Varma can borrow her plot and characters from the original film, but her version is trivial and empty and she does not have any of Sholay's spirit and energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of that timeless gem because it turns out to be everything the original movie was not, too exaggerated, too boring and completely absurd. The most loved moments of Sholay are parodied by Varma and for that you want to twist his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay in which Dharmendra, while Veeru climbs through the water tank and threatens to jump to his death, turns in this movie with Ajay Devgan playing Hero, pulling a gun on his head threatening shoot. How you wish you had pulled the trigger and saved all the agony. Not only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fails like a new version of Sholay, it's a pretty bad effort even as an independent film. The background score that damages the eardrum sounds more like someone hitting the containers in the kitchen, and the camera work alternates between dramatic and head turning. Comrades in this terrible crime of bringing this ridiculous film to the screen are the actors who are mostly dead people like wood. Sushmita Sen as Devi, the widow, takes both her role and the film seriously, accentuating her lines with pauses, looking at the camera to see the effect and, in general, acting as her life depends on it. Mohanlal as Narsimha, struggles with his Hindi dialogue and seems embarrassed to offer some of the stupidest lines in his illustrious career. The newcomer Prashant Raj playing Jai's equivalent Raj has no acting abilities and can not play any of the intense intensities that Amitabh Bachchan brought to the role in the original film. As a hero, the newborn Veeru, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, failing miserably in his attempts at comedy. But the weakest link in the film, and easily the most impressive decision of the casting, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who gets into Hema Malini's shoes as Basanti, Sholay's endearing hollow head. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but possibly the worst actress in the world, she gives the word a new annoying meaning and makes you want to cut her wrists every time she is on the screen. And then there's Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular villain in Hindi cinema, Gabbar Singh. Bachchan, the only actor in this group that recognizes the exaggerated tone of the film and acts accordingly, builds a threatening character that is a pleasure to watch. He is destined to be a comic book villain who growls and mocks, whistles and hams, and does all that with good results. But because he's stuck in such a doomed business, his performance does not help raise the movie in any way. No surprises here, I'm going with zero of ten and two thumbs down to Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it's one of those painful experiences of watching movies that you would not submit yourself to or an enemy. It's not like Varma has not handled a remake before. With Sarkar he gave us an intelligent and exciting version of The Godfather, and it is a pity that he has made this Sholay bhature from such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is the worst decision of his career, it is also a dark point in his curriculum that he will feel ashamed of forever. I suspect that this film will go down in the history of cinema as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
