A drama in its essence, "Anna" shows that genuine truth that all actors age and, sometimes, vanish. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home, and can not she make her wrong? but he refuses to refuse to do a job he does not believe in. He is tough, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to his life, but he is not afraid to let others in, but he leaves them in a moment. . Anna flip-flops between personalities, which makes this film ideal as an aging star, but not an idea of ​​the audience. "Anna" has been praised by her star Sally Kirkland, and for her ability to "grungy" for the role, but one month after 2008, "Anna" does not remain a staple of film culture. It's outdated, boring and statically chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message inside "Anna" about the falsehoods of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to leave them on stage. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to let Kirkland stand out, and he is not afraid to diminish the surrounding characters so that when you get away from the film, remember Kirkland. If it's not obvious, this movie did not sit well with me. From the opening of the first act and in the depths of the second, "Anna" felt like a theatrical production of the secondary school. The characters did not exist, there was no previous story clarifying, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, who stubbornly said that she is better than the other actresses who compete for the same lifestyle that she wants. At random, he meets a friend, a young woman who has also traveled a great distance to reach America for the brightness and glamor, and two of them (in the space of 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all the walls . It is emotionally boring and incredible. Once again, at random, we find Anna's boyfriend, Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character. just to increase attention on Anna from Kirkland. Throughout almost two hours, we observe how more random acts are intertwined with unnamed characters to weakly create a story that is held together by loose threads. and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to keep saying this, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie if Bogayevicz presented the same time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced to participate in a one-sided game where Emotional scenes speak louder than Is this where Charlize Theron found inspiration for her role as "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the first actresses to discover that by getting carried away by a character, Oscar will shine in his direction? Throughout this film I was disgusted by Anna's Kirkland representation and Bogayevicz's lack of enthusiasm for anything else fluent. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna that does not work hard for its parts, does not care about others and is generally mean. But should we feel sympathy for her? Near the beginning of the movie, she forces what she wants to do with others and gets angry when she does not get away with it. Sure, the aging actresses may have that appeal, but Kirkland creates a more childlike character instead of a mature one. That's where "Anna" could have improved. If this were a mature Kirkland, I would have swallowed it, but this stuttering child of Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end, where Anna goes to see one of her oldest movies (includes absurd makeup characters) and the movie is burned, this scene is also one of my least favorite. Anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, creating films and building the dream, but when someone else wants to enter that center of attention, she becomes jealous and indignant. This did not work for a character who wanted to support or win an Oscar. Along with the classic 80s background synth, the outrageous wardrobe and the displaced ending (where did that come from and what happened?) "Anna" slipped away in the reach of incredible cinema. It was an exhibition piece, an opportunity for an aging star to shout to the world once more. In this it worked, but I do not think that they deceive me again. <br /> <br /> In general, I can not say that I was impressed by this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about an aging movie star; it's about Sally Kirkland, and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails because Kirkland does not allow it or simply realizes that there is not enough to support a full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing that promotes this film as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character in which the public would believe, break or dedicate a Sunday afternoon with ?? He created a nuisance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who interpreted her a little exaggerated and crispy on the sides. Maybe I missed the scope of this movie, but what makes movies like this work is the cooperation of everyone involved. That was not the case here. In "Anna," Kirkland commands Daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet, throughout the emotional scene, I could not help thinking that Kirkland was like that to those on the set. She did not do this in a movie, she transformed it into her own production, and that's why "Anna" failed. I can not suggest this to anyone? From one Czech to another? Skip it! <br /> <br /> Rating: * ½ of ***** (for that annoying theater scene that scared me)
