There are some redeeming qualities for this show. One is that the melody of the song has a decent melody. The show has a good premise. Also, I'm probably in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she cares, and is more of a mother figure to Timmy. However, despite all this, I do not like this program, it is not excrement, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I would not say it's the best animated program on Planet Earth. When I use that term for an animated television show, I think of Peter Pan and the Pirates, I think of Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope he's not the only one who really likes the Wild Thornberrys and resents the fact that he makes fun of him. Nor do I believe that Fairly Odd Parents is the worst animated show on planet Earth. I accept that it is annoying, and in a way it is overrated, but it is not the worst program in Nickolodean. That's Chalk Zone, god that can be shown. But the worst animated show I've seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a Clue, which is starkly animated, ungracefully and frankly a disgrace. <br /> <br /> One thing I do not like about this program is animation. The characters, forgive me if I offend them, have very strange facial features, and many of the backgrounds are dull and lack the color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so nice to watch. The characters except for Wanda seem very annoying to me. I can not believe that a voice actress as talented as Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) expressed Timmy. Timmy does not seem very nice to me as a main character, he's annoying and, at times, condescending, and he's also a bad decision-maker. And his voice makes me nervous. Actually I like Strong but not in this show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, the supposedly funny character. Instead, their jokes are as little fun as they could be. They are: a) devised, or b) about family members. Timmy's parents are horrible characters, who do not care about their son, and their personalities are very thin. <br /> <br /> The story lines are very unoriginal for the most part, and I still think, where I've seen this before. The episodes after the arrival of the baby that I thought were unattainable. Worse still are the scripts, very funny, childish, ingenious and with a total lack of energy. <br /> <br /> In short, it is not the worst show in history, but it is quite poor for an animation fan, and quite uncomfortable. Sit through 3 / 10- there are redeeming qualities, and I fully understand if people like it. Bethany Cox
