The first time I started watching this show was probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at that time I was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes about this program. I was 11 years old in 2003, and I'm 14 now (2007). Although my age probably plays an important role in the way I judge this program, after reading the reviews of others, I have come to see that after the third season, this program went by the hair. I agree. This show is unpleasant, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was given two fairy godparents because his life was basically horrible; his parents were never around, and he had an unpleasant nanny. The plot of the whole program is that this child (Timmy) and his godparents always want a destruction that can not be avoided with another desire, because something in "Rules of Da" says they can not. The program has many lines that keep repeating, like "magic can not break true love, the super toilet" or even some lines of jokes that Nickelodeon probably thought were fun and decided to include the episode several times. <br /> <br /> The program is aimed at children under 10 years old, because it involves serious situations and "children's mood" that most children of my age would not mind. The selection of the character's voice could also have been better. Timmy has an extremely high, sharp and feminine voice just like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old woman. Timmy's father sounds like a presenter or host of a game show, the voice of Timmy's mother is too exaggerated to sound feminine. The attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy responds and acts badly and snobbishly. Wanda is apparently smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and unable to think like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing whatever Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality for my tastes to be seen more. Maybe as a younger child, I could see more humor in this program, but as I grew older, it really ages. And not sound granted or "trashing", but the show has that mentality that makes you want to commit a homicidal activity towards the characters. A show like this only has to be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, it basically disgusts you.
