I can not stand this show! Has there ever been a redeeming quality, a funny bash, or a plot that "did not" make the average viewer want to drown in a bowl of soggy cornflakes? <br /> <br /> The voices. Oh, those horrible, miserable voices. Similar to repeatedly dragging a set of fine cutlery across a dusty slate, each character is singularly annoyed in his ability to speak nasal and sharp. Cosmo sounds like a plaintive mongrel, Vicky sounds like stereotyped cunning, and Timmy's dad makes every line sound like a bad imitation of a game host (Guy Smiley from "Sesame Street" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> The animation is horrible; even the producers of "Yu-Gi-Oh!" Laugh at the overwhelmingly bad works of art in this show. Each character has rooster teeth, or a square head, or a head of three sizes too big for his body. And what about the characters talking all the lines with their eyes open and smiling, as if they were posing for a photo shoot with the president? Then, there is the fact that all the characters in the show are completely dumb. Since the subtle grace of Amelia Bedelia, Homer Simpson and Buddy Lembeck of the fame of "Charles in Charge" have been portrayed, the characters have been interpreted as unrealistically foolish. In general, "unrealistic" is synonymous with "not fun," and that is definitely the case here. There has not been so much slapstick based on the lack of idea since "The Naked Gun 33 1/3" ... and at least Leslie Nielson was good at that. <br /> <br /> Finally, the premise of the show (and it's the same in all episodes, so the spoiler alert is very big here): Timmy wants something with his two "Oddparentes just", something comes out wrong, there is always some artificial reason why you can not reverse the course immediately and wish for the damage, and then everything goes well in the end. Oh, and on a separate note, Timmy's parents never believe him when he complains about Vicky, and they continue to hire her at every opportunity. Maybe it's just me, but it seems that a children's program that contains the subtle message that it does not help at all to tell an abusive babysitter is probably not a great idea. <br /> <br /> If you are writing an article and want to give an example of how much the quality of the cartoons has diminished, "The Fairly Odd Parents" has to be an excellent place to start. An excellent example of television producers who launch together a worthless product aimed at children with little or no effort simply because they know that someone somewhere will see it.
