The first time I saw the Prom Night trailer, I have to admit that the trailer looked good and that would be a funny horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night and I have to say I must be growing up because this was a ridiculous movie, not to mention that I'm so sick and tired of the typical horror movies with noises as an excuse. to scare people. There was no tension, the characters, how was I supposed to care? Did not they have any development, the killer ?! Oh, my God, this was probably the most stupid serial killer that ever lived, I know it's a movie, but why would a man who never (or at least know) killed someone before, killed a girl's family? and Friends with whom you are only obsessed? I mean, was he going to kidnap her or was he going to kill her? I have no idea, because this movie does not make sense and is too predictable and insulting for true fans of horror. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was brutally murdered by her teacher, who has become very obsessed with her. He was captured and put in jail. It's been 3 years and now he's getting some peace in his life, even going to his graduation. But the murderer has escaped and still has Donna in his mind, he follows her to his graduation party, which means bad news for his friends, the hotel maid and the bellhop, because it's a good idea to kill the maid and the small bell, so that nobody mistrusts enough to see where the employees are. Donna is in big trouble because also this killer who is clearly human can apparently enter the houses without being noticed and can kill people in silence, alone, wow. <br /> <br /> Sorry, I really wanted to do it. I love this movie, we have not had a good slasher movie in a long time, but it was just a stupid movie that did not impress me. The situations were simply incredible and the actors were obnoxious. I know this was a PG-13 movie, but I love how someone was brutally stabbed and they just have a little blood on their clothes. Not to mention that there are no stabs? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teenager, this movie was made for teenagers, not for adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, without offending those who did enjoy this movie, but I do not understand how could someone <br /> <br /> 2/10
