"The Hazing" is one of the films that I always wanted to see only based on the cover image illustrated here in IMDb. Yes, that's how superficial I am! I do not care if ten million people call it a fucking movie, the poster looks amazing, so I guess I'll have to see it. Now, "The Hazing" can be described as its alternative title: funny! The poster and the title make it look like a real horror movie on campus and it deals with sinister initiation rituals, but this film is more like a cross between comedy and suspense. First of all, there is something very wrong with the motto in the old VHS box that I saw. She says: Did she have good grades, a good girl and good friends? until they let him through Hazing. "That's not the case, actually, the protagonist Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by an acclaimed campus through an athletic scholarship, he takes more than half of the film even before we Let's find out about his girlfriend at home and the only "friend" he has is a very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (still with the hair in this movie) .They both come close to becoming members of the prestigious "Delts" fraternity, but during their examination Hazing where they have to go down Mountain dressed in neat white underwear Barney falls off a cliff and breaks a leg When Lewis returns with the other frat boys, Barney froze to death. the body frozen for five days and then they say that he never came back from a weekend ski trip.With Barney's body hidden in the cafeteria's freezer, Lewis has to cover it so the absence of Bar ney do not look suspicious. The configuration of "The Hazing" is quite original and potentially innovative, but the PRO The problem here is that the execution could have been much better. The tone is too firm and too serious for a comedy film, even a black movie, but, on the other hand, there is no adequate attempt to create suspense or emotion, either. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of light melodies, but that is not enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour after the movie, the plot also runs out of energy and the idea, and the creators do not have a better alternative to fill the gap with the romantic compilations of Lewis and his girlfriend from abroad on the bike. I did not like the final turn, because it is quite unlikely and because it has been done many times before and after (although we must recognize it later). "The Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still glad to have found a rental tape at a friend's house instead of having to spend money on the recently released DVD.
