The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the academy. Its director, Joe Wright, is already the author of a candidate for best film. The lead actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a widely praised superhero movie. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously removed from its release in late 2008, viewers and critics were baffled. Now that I have seen it, I assure you that Universal not only delayed this movie to promote the enthusiasm of Iron Man-Oscar. The soloist is a weak drama without external conflict that is far inferior to the candidates for best film of 2009. <br /> <br /> Downey and his co-star Jamie Fox are not guilty of this setback. Joe Wright is largely to blame, but even he can not keep a story for life. Many films are too complex and alienate viewers. This is unusually simple. It's a movie about a journalist, Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with the traditional approach of Lopez's friendship. The two become friends. They start this film as acquaintances and they are BFFs by its end. Tension consists of moments like this: will Ayers allow Lopez to take him to the homeless shelter? This material would have been more suitable as a production for television instead of a movie. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many scenes of cheap humor to hide the lack of content. López fights against the raccoons that contaminate the patio in what I consider a subplot. Do you remember when this happened in Atonement or Pride and prejudice? Those films were structured enough to allow an occasional joke but nothing so prolonged. The story of Ayers is made concrete when it is not necessary. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It is a way of admitting that the main story has little appeal. Nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a hard education (I was too). This is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy with Ayers when most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenic to shout out loud! The film transmits a little the love of humanity for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as any of those images. The whole movie is based on Ayers schizophrenia. Ultimately, it's how he interacts with everyone else. Your being a musician is a nice touch, but it's not worth including it. The film does not fully incorporate this feature in his person. Take the music out of Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and there's no movie left. The soloist is more about friendship in general than music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and few lines of dialogue should be seriously altered. <br /> <br /> This is just Joe Wright's third movie, and the first is that it's not a romance star, Keira Knightley. Hopefully this movie is not an indication of how limited their abilities are. There are stylistic assents to his previous works, but The Soloist is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal should not have accepted to widely launch this image. This film seems adapted for Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I would not be disappointed if I had a limited release. Its low box office performance may prevent better dramas from being distributed nationally.
