The night of graduation is recorded with the artistic eye that someone gives while creating an original Lifetime movie. You already know the one. This month of October, Lifetime takes a break from the brave story of a female survivor (write the name of the disease here) to tell the somewhat creepy story of a woman being chased by a stalker's ex-boyfriend. Is it dramatic? is it sappy ?? It is immensely boring. It does nothing to promote a genre, tell an original story or fight for ANY kind of novelty. Prom Night shares this situation. Watching the murderer poke holes in his victims, we sit in silence as they fall to the ground without spilling a drop of blood. It occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Our director is working with a pretty good assassin, so he is forced to look at the angles of the camera to make it look more spooky. Think of Matthew McConaughey coming towards you with a knife. You will probably go? "OH, is the good boy going to kill me? Naaaa." It's not scary even for a second, so the director throws Schaech in the shade and over his shoulder in the mirror. This mirror image is repeated to the point of illness, since it practically becomes a fetish of the creator. You will get 15 starts in this movie, 2 of which made my appointment jump (I could mention that she is afraid of EVERYTHING). I would also mention that he decided to take a nap in the middle of the movie and at one point he threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this movie was not disjointed enough, it seems to be shattered. I am not saying that it seems that the key points were left on the floor of the cutting room, as the crew rushed to retrieve something resembling a horror movie; I'm saying that as the film moves from scene to scene, you often get a jarring jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when a movie catches fire and a designer is forced to splice the ends, cross your fingers and hope for the best. The editor must be shot. <br /> <br /> With a plot you can group in two sentences, a stream of blood, an emo killer and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons", we went without any reason to support the horror this weekend? At least on the big screen. In fact, this is the kind of movie that should be punished. Is it really that difficult to make a scary movie? Was this crew even aware that they were making a horror movie? A complete waste of my time and yours. I bit the bullet to get you this review. Do not let my sacrifice be in vain. DO NOT BETWEEN THE MOVIE!
