When you place this DVD in your player and press "play," you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen while the laser is guided to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. WANT THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM so you can fall asleep), because you're going to have a massive headache once this movie starts. <br /> <br /> Star in a group of girls with big breasts and with an opening that actually made me laugh a little, I thought it would be a good time. Sure, the opening sequence was a bit weird on WEE and most of the jokes got discouraged and it looked like it was going to be a Scream scam (by the way, my only laugh was of Julie Strain's final comment in this scene). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at the titles of the DVD chapters and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "BETTER THAN SEX!" I knew what the point of sale of this movie would be. <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth: The only good thing about this movie is the attractive cast. Apart from that, it's a sadly routine slasher movie that presents an "innovative" concept about murder clubs, which ends up being fake anyway. Then, the whole movie points in another direction to try to be confused and this great mystery, but it all adds up to not being interesting at all and makes you feel that you do not care about any of the characters. I mean, when it is revealed that the main character in the film murdered an innocent woman, can you feel ANY sympathy for her when she fears for her life? The influence of the scream is common throughout the world, with a ghost that kills the face and some really terrible jokes. They also invite us to the scenes of the main character talking to his parents (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other great part of the movie!) About an abortion or something like that. Uh Yes ... This is not a movie "so bad, it's good", it's BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared this to a Troma movie, but ... you know, almost any movie that comes from the Full Moon (or its offspring, as this movie shows) is horrible. It's NOT horrible in a Troma sense: I've seen many Troma movies, and I can honestly say that they all offer something, ANYTHING you can leave with and tell your friends later. However, this movie is not pleasant at all. Beware.
