A murderer, wearing a white plastic mask and a black coat, is killing the friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone opened his old employer from the crotch to the chest. Maybe the psychopath is Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, black-haired beauty with a troubled family past, plagued by nightmares. Shawn and his friends play a practical joke about Maddy, in connection with a supposed Murder Club that started where each member randomly selected a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking lot due to a dent placed in her car by this person, she discovers that Shawn's friends were shaking her chain. But Shawn and his comrades are concerned about Maddy's admission to commit the murder and contemplate turning her into the proper authorities. Deciding to wait for a final decision, each member is imprisoned by the white-face psychopath with Maddy, a suspect who considers the fact that she has already killed before. Or, is there anyone else behind these murders? Low budget slasher, produced by Charles Band, with blood murders that they can not convince. A lot of boobs on display and the silly character of Allen Nabors, Chris, could entertain those with low expectations. The killings include a stomach that opens with intestines shown, a sliced ​​neck, an electric cord thrown into a pond that fry a female victim who had all day to escape, an ax buried in the back of a male victim and , to top it all, a couple is strangled by a rope during their sexual climax (... for greater effect, the killer uses the breaker bar of a cube key as an additional lever to twist the rope as hard as possible, breaking their necks ). There are enough holes in the plot to drive a truck, for example, why Maddy has murder nightmares that she did not commit, how she could murder someone so violently (... with blood everywhere) when she ended up waking up in her bed without leaving nothing. at the crime scene that would easily involve her, and how Shawn could last so long, allowing her to continue working at the company despite what she said about the murder she committed, and the continuing desire to join the supposed club that does not. What bothered me the most was the film's desire that we sympathize somehow with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone, and then proclaimed that it was an accident. The film builds Maddy as the potential psychopath throughout her past. Her family repudiated her for an abortion. She has blackouts and always ends appropriately in the crime scenes after the fact. In many slashers, the one that seems to be the most likely killer is often the fake clue, but this movie goes out of its way to point out Maddy. When the turn occurs, we stay encouraging Maddy, but we know it is not in the head. It's a hard sale to take care of this girl. However, it looks great with a man's army shirt. And, Rochon is not afraid to let his puppies breathe. Low-budget horror fans will have fun seeing cult favorite Brinke Stevens as a fanatical religious mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her a murderer like Troma's beloved producer Lloyd Kaufman is the distant father who does not You can speak. wise to protect the daughter who really cares. The cult siren Julie Strain has a small cameo, which shows her tits (of course) as the girlfriend of the male killed in the opening and who smash her head with a hammer. Oh, and check out the office that Shawn works for, you'll see a lot of posters of the Full Moon and works of art scattered on the walls.
