One of the most common entries in the 'goofs' category is the anachronism. Although I am beginning to believe that anachronism and other errors are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but they are front and center in rotten films. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and reeks of anachronism, but when I look closely, I find almost nothing specifically anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The shots of planes that attend the movie are certainly out of place. The great transport of 4 engines seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" seems to be the post-war Stratofreighter C-97 (in MATS colors). The fighter jets that took off from the aircraft carrier at the end are Douglas Skyraiders, which entered service after the Second World War and became famous for their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But with the exception of these two films and, of course, The hairstyles, everything else is very possible from time. It just 'feels' so bad. I am an admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his companion directed IN THE CITY (1949) there is a car chase at the end with the police driving the 1949/50 Ford, but there is not the slightest feeling that this is out of place in a movie of the Second World World War. In fact, as I reflected later, there is nothing to say that this is supposed to be a movie from the Second World War period. It just feels that way. Based on a wartime Broadway musical that was based on a ballet (Fancy Free) that may have been based on the work of the artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934) is a great movie about sailors in a 24-ball pass. hours in New York and, so full of wartime associations, it is simply assumed to take place during the war, and yet, these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although he's too old to represent a Navy SBD dive bomber pilot, it's a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play younger. It was the role he was in, not his age. He plays an operator, as they used to call them. A boy who does things and breaks all the rules while doing it, is still admired and loved for it. A swindler A wheel dealer. A character of rigor in a service comedy. Grant is the comic book center of what, after all, is supposed to be a comedy of service that goes against his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Recalling the great comic performances of Grant as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND ANTIGUO CORDÓN (1944) and he is the great reactor whose comedy will be reduced by its context, from dignity to a puddle jammed with inert gelatin. IN KISS THEM it is expected that it is the comic spark plug that simply is not it. People had already been exposed to the guy, most recently to the comedian Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role would be perfected later by James Garner, but here Grant is not funny and seems to be a bully who works his way aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness instead of persuading him and losing weight. <br /> <br /> But what really stinks the place where the anachronism is women leaders. There can not be more 50-year-old women than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique to the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed on a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of silly blondes, and Grace Kelly was another high-class lady (think Mary Astor), but there could never be an anatomically exaggerated woman in movies like Mansfield. Of course there were the "sweater girls" (for example, Lana Turner) of World War II, but Mansfield was stretching the point. Suzy Parker was THE model that revolutionized the model business, which changed the mannequin poses to become the first natural girl to be moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) also by Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the style of the 50s, it seems that there is a lot of mixed genre in the "wild" parties but never a touch of sex (think of the television shows of the 50s, Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show, where dinner leads the men back from 'dates' only). The original book, which I have not read, was published during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation must have been unavoidable for readers and contemporary audiences, but they have decomposed, have been reduced. and reconstituted a dozen years later and fatally damaged, it remains a stain once forgotten in otherwise exemplary races until the invention of the VCR and cable television resurrects this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is whatever Goof 'will be ignored in a great movie like CITIZEN KANE (who hears Charles Foster Kane say' Rosebud '?), and tolerated in fun as WESTWORLD (Why were the robots given real ammunition in the first place?) But absolutely despised in a rotten movie, even if the errors are really nonexistent.
