In the questionable vein of Mel Brooks's comedy, "Totally Moses!" He tries to take the biblical story of Moses and make fun of it, resulting in the most unhappy biblical parody ever filmed. <br /> <br /> Here there is no real plot, just excuses to bring out the talent of unconditional comedy in the insured papers. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus tour of the Holy Land, when they come across an ancient parchment in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is parallel to that of Moses. He was sent downstream to be found by Pharaoh's family at the same time as Moses. Herschel's biological father, the late James Coco, becomes a slave to Herschel after Herschel is rescued by the idol makers and works as a sculptor. Finally, Herschel begins to work for the pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished and ends up attending the flock of sheep of Moses. Herschel and Moses are brothers-in-law, they marry sisters, and Herschel believes that God has chosen him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses was receiving the Divine Word, but Herschel did not understand well. I'm going to pause here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of poorly written scenes that involve Moore and actors who are making "special appearances". These scenes do not drive the plot, but put an end to the little story that exists. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise has perhaps three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, who only gives the same line readings he gave in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a fake blind "cured" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of the sisters of Zerelda. I was not sure who Madeline Kahn was supposed to be, she takes Herschel and has about a minute and a half of screen time. John Ritter plays a very devilish devil. Richard Pryor has a scene like Pharaoh, but obviously it was filmed at a different time than the Moore scene because the two do not appear together on the screen. In the end, Zerelda becomes a pillar of salt after looking back on the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who is enjoying all the glory. In the final scenes, the scriptwriter decides to try to save this superficial movie by having Herschel attract God to an argument. God appears as an almighty abuser who was guiding Herschel for his own amusement, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda: "God works in mysterious ways", thus excusing the unchristian behavior of all during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is not a laugh that is anywhere. At least, Monty Python mocked many religious pillars set in "Brian's Life," in addition to his questionable version of Jesus' life, but here the humor consists of poop jokes and characters that constantly hit their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. The parishioners will be offended, not by the attitude of the film towards religion, but by the presumption exhibited by the film, impressed by its own identity (I do not know a word) about a subject of which they obviously do not know anything. "Totally Moses!" It is totally bad, and a shame for everyone involved. I suggest you read the Book instead. <br /> <br /> This is classified (PG) for physical violence, blasphemy, sexual references and adult situations.
