What a piece of complete garbage. However, when the action of a movie revolves around airplanes, one would think that the writers / producers / directors (or ANY!) Would do a little homework on at least a few details. The mistakes were so obvious that he was furious at the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence, it was probably worse than the F-117 show "Air Force One". Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the plane instead of BOEING 747? probably the (cheap) use of some advertising / publicity images of Boeing by the director. The exposed wiring connected by means of wire nuts is, at best, mediocre for the wiring of the house, much less the avionics wiring of multi-million dollar aircraft. Airplanes like the 747 depend only on the pressure instead of the supply oxygen of the boat to keep the air breathable, and if they were based on an onboard supply, the boat would be much larger than the size of a fist. Medical tape is not a suitable substitute for a threaded hose connection. Those were F-16, NOT F-15. It would be difficult to reach Mach 1+ (speed of sound) in a static engine running for takeoff (note the air speed indicator). The "standard training" is simply to maintain the formation within a nautical mile, the formation of "route" is what they were flying, not the most useful training for an intersection. It is likely that the "acquisition of a missile blockade" does not attract the attention of an airline pilot, since they do not have radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not a communication between flights to prepare to shoot anything. The depressurization of a door that opens in flight is not a reason for an immediate immediate slope. Shouting in an earpiece does not transmit. Magnetic headers are given as "headings" not "bearings", and headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses on the ground!), So turn left (no " "port" is a thing of the ship)) of a "bearing" from 618 to 502 is simply stupid. In most cases it is impossible simply to "turn the yoke to the left until the correct course is reached"? that kind of thing will result in 360-degree runs until the yoke is centered again. The probability that a flight attendant will find and successfully operate the autopilot is only slightly greater than the probability that she will land the plane safely. Planes do not stop immediately when the throttle is pulled back, and the 747s have more than one small lever to control the thrust of several engines. The flaps are lowered in increments, usually just before and after the extension of the landing gear, not seconds before landing (good form of shock). The brakes of the wheels are necessary to stop an airplane, simply pulling the acceleration (s) (this time a different lever in the film) to slow down will allow you to exit the end of the track at a lower speed. Did I mention that those combat aircraft were F-16 and NO F-15? I guess I did it? And that's just what I remember seeing recently in this horrible movie.
