The French director Jean Rollin is not known precisely for his great films, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director who is well known for directing erotic movies about lesbian vampires; You would expect a film with the word "naked" in the title to be particularly nude; But, in fact, there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes on; we have a cumbersome plot about a man who wants to discover the secret of immortality, a young woman whose affliction could be the key and a cult of suicide, who can not do much. The film begins in a promising way with a sequence that sees a young girl led by a mysterious group of people wearing masks under the watchful eye of a young Frenchman, who is also the son of an important man. Through her research, she soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal lady, and as she delves into the cult; he discovers that he can not be killed by bullets, he drinks blood and he can not go out into the light of day ... it sounds like a clear case of vampirism for me. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going throughout the movie, but it's not interesting because the plot is so badly executed. It is possible to keep up with what is happening, but only because there are many other films that follow similar plots. The director seems to know that he has also ruined the conspiracy, since the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. There is a twist thrown at the end too; But the movie would have been better without him. I suppose this was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a bit original, but it is presented as an attempt to carve instead of a logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is quite clear, with much of the plot that takes place in properly Gothic places. The girls on board complete what a beautiful image is, and what Rollin's film lacks in logic and consistency, it somehow makes up for in style. In defense of the film, it was made in 1969; which explains a little the lack of commotions but I can not recommend this movie since it does not have much of what is worth taking note of.
