This revision may contain some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought you did not make them that bad anymore, Rae Dawn Chong appears as a space fox and Willie Nelson as a Native American wizard! It is even worse when you consider that these two are the BEST aspects of 'Starlight', a movie that should only be seen to laugh. <br /> <br /> Chong is an extraterrestrial sent to Earth to look for the only thing that remains Half race, part man and part extraterrestrial. Apparently, the Earth is in a desperate situation. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will become a polluted wasteland. Only by duplicating the DNA of the mestizos can the friendly alien race save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, since the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by the pollution caused by humans. You would think that the Earth could only be saved if you get rid of the polluting creatures and do not save them! Anyway, the mestizo turns out to be Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small southwestern city and is part Native American of his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother is Caucasian redhead and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Was not this the kind of malarkey that made the bombshell Carmen Electra "El Elegido" so screaming? Chong arrives at his boat just as Wirth almost drowned after driving his motorcycle to a lake in an imprudent attack that is the result of just breaking up with his girlfriend. Before you can say the word `hogwash ', Chong is revealing his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and is spreading the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost some of her marbles over the years. Well, this is because Wirth's father was an extraterrestrial who left her. Of course, he is the standard alien who has conveniently chosen this moment to come to Earth to Wirth, so that he can use Wirth's DNA to turn the people of Earth into his slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth suck most of the time on the screen and are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they are the scenes in which you will see more flaws. <br /> <br /> Ideas may be nice on paper, but they are handled here with the utmost stupidity, especially in the above-mentioned scenes with the rogue foreigner. But the effects are the nightmare of the movie. The initial scene involves Chong in his spaceship, which communicates with his superior, someone we do not see but with whom Chong communicates through a tub that emits pink light. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so subtitles treat us. The problem is that both Chong's subtitles and those of his superior are alike, and the director does not give you any indication of which of the two is "talking" at any given time, which means that the whole conversation is no more than silly stuff. The spacecraft is the worst Hollywood effect that comes out of an Ed Wood movie. Now, I am generally forgiving of the effects when I deal with a low budget movie like this, but these effects really affected me. The most offensive was the simplest: a false night sky. The stars in the sky are so false that they almost look like a dial tone. In particular, they are the moments when Chong tells someone that comes from Pleiades, and we have a picture of the seven stars. The thing is that the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the film, but any star observer knows that Pleiades is a cluster of stars between the constellations of Perseus and Taurus, and the cluster does not take up much space in the sky. These effects become so bad that your jaw will hang more and more with each passing moment. Be careful, as it will go through the floor during the end when the effects cause Willie Nelson to become a human focus and. . . Oh, you have to see it to believe it! <br /> <br /> Starlight, star bright; The last star that I see tonight; I wish I could, I wish I could; I do not have to see more of this garbage today. <br /> <br /> Zantara Score: 1 out of 10.
