Please note: I see in the various publications that there was an original silent version and also a sound version of this same movie. I saw the sound version and it was aesthetically rough. Bearing in mind that some indicate that the original version was LONG and without poor quality dubbing, my criticism should be read with this in mind. <br /> <br /> Although I know that Rene Clair has a fine reputation as a filmmaker and Louise Brooks has a bit of cult too, this is in many ways a technically poorly made movie. While Hollywood had already practically changed to sound mode around 1929, from the early to mid-thirties, many of the famous French films were essentially silent movies, with some dialogues and sound effects badly beaten above the movie. The movements of the lips in many, and in particular in this film, do not even come close to what is said, and this would explain why an American like Ms. Brooks could make a French movie. This is simply careless and I would have preferred that they had made a silent film, and as a silent film it would have been a normal movie, with excellent camera work (sometimes) and some decent mute style performance. br /> <br /> The problem that I also found with the movie was the too simplistic plot. For a game of silent morality of 1920, it would have been fine, but by the standards of 1930, the plot is a bit boring (which means "old", not "horny"). A woman wins a beauty contest and her male fiancé can not handle it. She abandons everything, temporarily, but is drawn back to the elegant life and this gives her an ending! A little melodramatic, huh? And also a bit simplistic and little developed. <br /> <br /> Finally, the character of the friend of the fiancé (?) I found very disturbing and unreal. He looked like Harold Lloyd and spent much of the film being abused and chosen by the friend and everyone else. When he took it throughout the film and did not reach any resolution, his character seemed superfluous and the treatment he received was petty. Were the audiences supposed to laugh when he was mistreated? This seems to me that that is what is implied and I do not like anything. <br /> <br /> There are MANY better French films of the time (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain, and others). ) As well as best silent films. I just can not understand the high rating of this movie.
