I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. That is the only positive thing I can say about this truly horrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read 'Wise Blood'? It is an incredible book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south like no one else has. She herself was a southern, devout Catholic and extraordinarily talented writer. In his first novel, he conjugated a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, doubt and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and a surprising impartiality. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and concerns like any other person. Flannery's intentions were often misinterpreted (she was not making fun of these jungle fanatics), she saw in them the beautiful operation of what she would call "grace" ... even in the most violent, anguishing and maddening circumstances. Reading 'Wise Blood' is being washed with a sense of fear and imminent death. Finally, it is to think carefully about our judgments and preconceptions: our vision of the whole world. <br /> <br /> None of this is reflected in the adaptation of 'Isle of Gilligan' by John Huston. Any. Thats false. A bad farce. The whole movie is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach. The acting is poor, the southern accents are false and insulting. The filmmakers do not show a vision of the religious southerners' thinking. Ms. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to visual gags and cheap theater for amateurs. The soundtrack is a mix of hay seed nonsense and 'Clockwork Orange' style electronic devices that do not fit in the story or the MOVIE. They gave me free entry to this movie and I almost went out. Truly, really terrible. <br /> <br /> As an aside, I do not agree with the religious views of Mrs. O'Connor, and while I was raised in the Deep South, years ago I headed north and did not look back. But the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like any other place on earth), and the caricatured mockery with which southerners and their attitudes confront this film on offense. If you get offended (which I'm not), then this movie crosses the line DEFINITELY. <br /> <br /> I do not like to speak ill of the work of an artist: John Huston was a man who did not know it, and I am sure he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker, who witnessed his respected place in the history of cinema. My points of view are clearly biased by having read (and loved) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I do not intend to come from any other perspective. Maybe as an independent film works for moviegoers. But for fans of Flannery O'Connor, and, I might add, for southerners who respect themselves and open-minded people of all persuasions, this movie is a waste of time.
