The film is impregnated with religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film tries to explore deep topics, but it feeds on stereotypes and prejudices; with little true insight. What the people in the film (and therefore, the writer) could not see was the grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and He is the Creator of passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of marriage bonds. To imply that people in the society on which the story is based believe that nudity is sinful, and that both men and women who enjoy the act of marriage are dirty, it is just an oversimplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, since even Jewish sacred writings clearly speak of the husband who cares and seeks the pleasure of his wife before hers. The Scripture says that a man must love his wife as his own flesh, and that no man has hated his own flesh, but nourishes and cares for it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and the characters completely ignore that there are passages like the Song of Songs in the Old Testament, and the book of Proverbs that says: "Rejoice in the wife of your youth. always satisfy you! " How can you read that in a different way than God knows, approves and smiles in the marriage union and its enjoyment? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who do deny a very basic teaching of the Judeo / Christian religion. God never said those things. It is absurd Sonia rebelled because of the misapplication of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It did not have to be like that. How sad. What Sonia desperately needed was TRUTH, not tradition. By knowing, loving and obeying God, we love others more; before ourselves That is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph; once for all given to the saints; Bought and paid for by Jesus Christ, the Righteous. But all right, ignore all this and abandon the ancient and sacred Scriptures and resort to the wisdom of homeless people and ghosts. That is a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; partly because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because it does not really offer any valuable information. Take a look at "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment of the Jewish tradition at odds with society.
