Rosie lost a lot of time on television talking about the Taínos as if they were super influential in the dynamics of the modern Puerto Rican. They were not. The truth is that Africans and Spaniards were and she knows it. What kills me is that she is standing on the screen with the appearance of an average light-skinned black girl (with an obvious black father, cousins ​​and aunt) who seeks to truly recognize the true essence of what makes modern Puerto Ricans , but hardly mentioned How Africans influenced the way they speak their Spanish, food and music. She is so typical and I lost a lot of respect for her and I will not support anything else she does. Also, since she wants to dance around her African, then she does not need to take on more roles associated with blackness (ie, Lackawanna Blues). Next time we can find a proud black Latina (thanks Zoe Saldana, Gina Torres, Gina Ravera and Melissa DeSousa). <br /> <br /> To the Puerto Ricans here who said they are African and not "black". ...Thank you. We, the "blacks", certainly have nothing in common with "you", so there is no lost love. But, since he is probably in the United States and has benefited from the Civil Rights movement, we would like him to reject any decent human treatment he has received courtesy of the blood, sweat and tears of the "blacks" with whom does not share anything <br /> <br /> If I am right, Puerto Ricans have a terrible image in the media, but blacks do not spend time trying to disrespect it because we know that the media loves to exploit low points and everyone's behaviors Minorities to maintain meaningless generalizations. However, it has obviously been fueled by the exaggeration that one is somehow white or superior ... it is not. Also, somehow you feel compelled to believe that black culture is BET ... again you are wrong and you need to go on vacation. Try visiting Atlanta, Ga., Houston, Texas, Charlotte, N.C. Do not trust me, none of those blacks want to claim their "culture" either.
