I am so dismayed by this documentary. I am deeply ashamed and ashamed of the way in which Puerto Ricans were portrayed. This documentary was not about the culture of Puerto Ricans. It was about the culture of the Nuyoricans. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before making a documentary, you need to do the research. You should also check and make sure your sources are credible. Not all Puerto Ricans are noisy and they do have class, which is something that the documentary did not have to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie at the sight and Rosie at Martha Stewart, I was very excited to see. I even made sure to tell my parents that they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the documentary hit the USA. UU And he made the Puerto Ricans look like a handful of guinea pigs. You must visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has well-known universities and universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping centers (the biggest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos , churches, Agriculture, Auto Expresso and restaurants just to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population is. The Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebration and the attempt to move forward, not backwards. Oh, and the new cousins ​​do not appear out of nowhere. No, that's not a Puerto Rican thing, that's a ghetto thing. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rican descent who wish to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a trip with the family so they can see first-hand what Puerto Rico is all about. They will see its beauty, its people and its culture. Please, do not show them this documentary because it will only cloud their minds with negativity. Oh, and please do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it will only make Puerto Ricans look ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and grew up on the island of PUERTO RICAN. Just so you know!
