You have to respect this movie. It may be "just a movie for dumb children", but it is the most requested movie title in the online movie forums, requested by people who remember the story but can not remember the title. Therefore, what follows is a very necessary and detailed description of the plot, since I have not been able to find it anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-story house is shown in the suburbs. Bridget, 7, says she suspects something is going on, since she and her brother Andrew, 11, receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin that she immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a bossy nurse who cares for her grandmother, grandmother-grandmother who makes dolls with socks, and her brother Andrew, who is interested in electronics and is grumpy. Grams accidentally hangs up the lieutenant governor, which indicates that he is standing in the way while living with the family. The two children eat breakfast while the adults discuss how to move the grams to a retirement home. Bridget makes a horrible-looking pancake sandwich that contains cereal, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, while Andrew looks at him in disbelief. The two children then argue over the Grams, and Andrew says bluntly that the Grams are being "put to graze." Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, arranges a snack with Sweet William in her room, and then a living doll emerges unexpectedly from the mirror in her bedroom closet. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll know each other. The curly haired female doll is named Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under dirty clothes when Bridget's mother arrives, then the mother throws the clothes into the washing machine with Huggins inside. Bridget rescues Huggins and dries her with a hair dryer. They talk about the problem of the Grams getting old and having to move, Huggins says that Bridget could talk to the mouse worm in Huggaland, since he knows everything. They go through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes stays in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking with only one shoe, Bridget leaves without shoes in Huggaland. Immediately they meet Hugsy, a doll of a living child with curly hair in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in his cart to see the library worm, who lives on a pile of giant books. The bookworm consults "the old encyclopedia" and finds that old age can be cured by eating the fruit of the "young berry tree". However, there is only one tree of this type, and it is in the country of Shrugs, ruled by the crazy queen of quartz. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump through a deep hole that is inside a giant book nearby. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the two dolls swallow three times, jump through the hole and fall. Soon they walk along a sidewalk, listen to how the sea of ​​crystals breaks and fall off the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They meet "the hairy giant", which looks like a mastodon, has four fangs and exhales fire through the trunk. But Hugsy approaches boldly and hugs the giant, who thus becomes an elephant baby whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge had been bewitched by the queen, and owes a favor to Hugsy, so they all travel on the back of Hodgepodge to the castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by troll-like beings, the queen (Queen Admira) comes and Bridget asks for a few blackberries. The queen refuses, then eats one herself and boasts of her youthful good looks while looking in a hand mirror. Hodgepodge faints when the queen says she should be "digested." The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that evil witches should have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders that the other three be taken to the dungeon. But the queen carelessly leaves the key of the cupola of the young blueberry next to the lock of the apparatus to raise the cupola. <br /> <br /> The remodeling wakes up in the dungeon and uses its "noodle" (trunk) to pull the jail door. Down, freeing himself and the two dolls with him. They find Bridget petrified, the wrists embrace her, which causes Bridget to be revived. Before they flee, Bridget finds the key to the dome of the young cranberry, lifts the dome, and picks up bright blackberries and puts them in a jar. The queen catches them, but the queen's arm is trapped under the falling dome while she reaches the key that Bridget left on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old because she is deprived of the berries that give youth, and seems to die. Soon, Bridget returns by the mirror to her room, but stumbles in the back of the mirror, spilling the berries on her floor, and the berries quickly fade into smoke, one by one. Her mother asks her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who goes to the retirement home. Andrew puts aside his grumpy and distant facade and hugs Grams, telling him he loves her and does not want her to leave. His father is moved and decides to keep Grams there, after all, and everyone embraces and cries, including Aunt Ruthie, who had been the main person pressing Grams to move. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget for his St. The Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how he gave it to Huggins from Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to hear what he thinks are his fantasy stories , so he turns around to look for him in his room. One of the dolls passes the cap through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is baffled and leaves his room without saying anything. Bridget happily greets the mirror.
