Believe it or not, "The Woodchipper Massacre" gave me full-blown gonorrhea. That's right, I have a rainbow of downloads throwing me just because a group of children played with a camcorder and somehow made a deal with the Devil and got the distribution. It is beyond my comprehension how anyone with moderate intelligence could tolerate this load of pants from a movie. The only reason why I managed to sit through the whole thing (not without several suicide attempts along the way) was because, first of all, I was delirious with boredom, and second: I guess I wanted to continue exploring this kind of hate recently discovered. I was experimenting ... This movie is a horror "comedy" filmed on video about three brothers who are staying for the weekend in the care of their elderly aunt. The youngest child ends up stabbing the old woman accidentally with her Rambo-replica hunting knife. Then they come to dismember the aunt with various tools (apparently she did not have a single drop of blood on her body!) And they put her in her father's rented wood crusher ... Her condemned son stops to look for her mother and the children end up grinding that asshole too ... I do not remember seeing a cast of annoying actors that really nauseated me. Seriously, the voice of that blonde girl made me shudder with pain constantly. ALL the actors were frankly atrocious, literally, they just shouted their false dialogues and jokes that should have been written by a chimpanzee that simply did not care. Now, I can usually appreciate the independent efforts, but only of those who may realize that other people besides their family members may be watching this. I do not need to see a 3-minute shot of a car coming out of a driveway and a tormenting and painfully long lawn care assembly with some ridiculous music and fluttering touching it. Also, why the hell does the box of this movie have a bloody piano? THERE WAS a piano in ONE scene and nobody is killed nearby! I have finished with reminiscences about this movie. Unless you like insuflable shit, I would advise anyone with a half brain to avoid this crap.
