I had high hopes when I heard that it was being done in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and I found it very interesting. They made some changes in the story that do not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a famous New Hampshire lawyer in history. In the film he is an editor. A lawyer makes more sense since he ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in the story, but she was a woman in the movie) in a trial in which both souls are in danger. As an editor, it does not seem likely that Daniel Webster has the ability to do this. <br /> <br /> The performance was decent for everyone except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors that I like, they just did a horrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were acting in a comedy, but the movie was more serious than a comedy. This could be due in part to the fact that the film was shot with a particular vision in mind and then reissued by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was entirely coherent. I was surprised to see a lot of SNL cast members in the movie, which leads me to believe that it was originally filmed with the intention that it was more of a comedy. <br /> <br /> In short I should say that it was not all horrible, but it was not very good. If I could get back an hour and a half and do something else with that, I would. The end was especially disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the trial. Then, Jabez starts again at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we just returned to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie ends abruptly. In fact, it seemed that they had just played the first scene of Jabez and called it the end. There are no indications that Jabez has the benefit of any of the knowledge or experience he acquired, therefore, who can say that he not only repeated his mistakes over and over again, and maybe again and again in a seamless loop? finish? It was an extremely disappointing ending and it did not make much sense. The decent cast and everyone's performance, except Baldwin and Aykroyd, are the only things that prevent this from being a complete and total shit sandwich.
