A rich and stupid man from around 1800 wants to visit a nearby insane asylum to see how a famous doctor takes care of his patients. Despite an initially hostile response, they soon invite you cordially and a good doctor gives you a tour. And, as the doctor shows, he speaks, speaks and speaks. And as he talks, the crazy people go crazy here and there, doing nothing particularly productive. While there is SOME action here and there (and something quite disturbing), it is surprising how boring and cerebral all this is: it lacks life and energy, which is strange for a horror movie. Even a man who thinks he is a chicken and dresses like one becomes quite bored. The further away the tour is, the more disturbing it becomes, until you finally realize that the inmates have taken control of the hospital and are torturing their caregivers. Again, despite this twist, the movie is incredibly lifeless in many places, especially when it moves very slowly while performing a strange ceremony or when people are simply roaming the stage. Only when the workers of the asylum who are in a prison cell, dying of hunger, the film has a real impact. Considering this plot, it is difficult to imagine that it is boring, but the people who made this cheap exploiting movie have it! Now, with the same plot and writing, competent acting and direction, this COULD have been an interesting and valuable film. <br /> <br /> You know, now that I think about it, this was the plot of one of the episodes. of the original TV show "Star Trek"! You know, this madman and his crazed followers are with the "Lord Garth - Master of the Universe" and Kirk and Spock are in custody. <br /> <br /> One final note: The film has a bit of nudity here and there and includes a rape scene, so be careful, it's not for children. In fact, considering how useless the movie is, it's not for anyone! However, with the version included in "50 Movie Pack - Chilling Classics", the printing is so incredibly bad that it is difficult to see all this because the printing is very dark.
