Was this a comedy or was it a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the movie I just witnessed, Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor rather dramatic. While trying to make such a difficult point, due to this lack of definition (comedy or drama), the smart topics and punctual comments were lost. Although I firmly believe that there are too many racial profiles in Hollywood, even today, I do not think Townsend's directorial debut has helped to stop him. Instead, I feel that only more fuel is added to the fire. Townsend's comical moment in this movie was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he was supposed to be making fun of, that he was promoting and vice versa. The parts that were supposed to be serious were somehow destroyed by the lack of funny comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately the execution is what ultimately hurt this movie. If you see the preview before the movie (which I do constantly), you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you are going to see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent comic movie that prides itself on the intelligence of the viewers, but the film could not really be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it lacks elaboration); It's Townsend's address. I had a wonderful concept with this movie. Take advantage of the Hollywood that exploits our race. Decent idea, but why could not execute it very well? The first reason is that their ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this movie was like seeing a heart attack on a monitor in the hospital, we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had a lot to say, but only a short period of time to do it. So, instead of defining your characters, developing your themes and creating an intelligent movie, simply throw it all together and pray for it to work. Unfortunately, it is not like that. Instead of a smart comedy, we have a lot of ideas, funny scenes and little-used actors that this movie goes from being decent to almost incomprehensible. What hurts Townsend the most is his brief, attempt to be funny, interruptions throughout the movie. From the fight against a villain known as Jerry Curl to the parody of Siskel and Ebert, Townsend's attempt to mock him while talking a message about the film industry is faltering. This is because these small intermittent skits actually distract from the central focus of the film and actually destroy internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, he's really just connecting with all the stereotypes and clichés in the book. What could have been a beautiful satire is transformed into a simply generic humor that is never distinguished from the rest. <br /> <br /> So, if you do not laugh at the humor of this story, maybe there's some comfort in knowing. that some of the Wayans brothers are around to help spice up this boring story. INCORRECT! The Wayans are in this movie, but Townsend shows that he has the ability to bring out the worst, even in this entertaining family. Definitely in his moments before In Color, we see that comedy was something that everyone needed to constantly improve. Maybe it was Townsend's address, or just this atrocious story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously underutilized and ignored when it came to critics of this movie. I just thought that with the group of talents that Townsend had to get out of that Hollywood Shuffle would have been fun, brilliant and a real stab against this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was nothing of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this was a viable movie. There were some moments (although they were few and far away) that had a smile on my face, the final product simply did not fit well with me. Townsend can be fun, but in this movie he felt like he was playing against himself, rather than through his personal experiences and problems. I realize that he was probably telling the truth, but it never became that way. Instead, we are traversed by a weak story, which is supported by idiotic flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but which surely did not work for this movie. Even for those who comment that this was their directorial debut and that he was learning from this movie, he would have to disagree. If you are starting over, have an adjusted script or defined themes. Townsend had none of these, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he simply missed a fireball. <br /> <br /> In general, this was quite disappointing to see. It reminded me of an elementary school Spelling Bee, where it's finally time to spell out his son. The word is hard, but when the first two or three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly, but then there is that random "P" and a silent "R" that forces your emotion to collapse. That's how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. At the beginning, I saw the potential, I saw the subject and the motive behind the image, but through a blurred and inexpert technique, and after the first two scenes, I experienced that deep sense of falling. Townsend sank his own boat in this case, and I do not think that Hollywood Shuffle will be submerged again as a turning point in Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Rating: * out of *****
