After a lively and predictable opening of the bank robbery scene, 'Set It Off' plummets and sinks. This is a film that deals with unpleasant and careless stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulation instead of coherent conspiracy and a horrible cocktail of cloying sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thought, wit or feeling. In summary, it is not different from 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racial angle that makes 'Set It Off' a particularly sad example of the making of contemporary films. Posing as a celebration of "evil", the film is actually a celebration of the most virulent ways of denigrating the American-American gangsta stereotype. The trick this time is that the gangstas are using resistance. The film not only suggests that gangsterism is a default identity for all African-Americans with little money or that it feels a bit annoying for Man, but it presents its sistas as shallow materialists who reward money and flash above all else. . Worse yet, 'Set It Off' exploits the issue of racial discrimination and disadvantage simply as a device to shore up its weak structure of the plot. The serious social problems related to race are handled artificially and opportunistically to justify armed robbery, then they are abandoned as soon as the film has to produce the inevitably conventional ending in which the crime is punished, the LAPD turns out to be A group of loving and guilty liberals (tell Rodney King), and the "good" aspirant, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of upward mobility to the outside and to a world of middle class self-indulgence. It was opened for her by her boyfriend Buppie Bank-Manager. 'Set It Off' illustrates the abysmal state of the contemporary blaxploitation film, pleasing the stereotypes of meaningless gangsta and pretending to celebrate life in the hood while all the time I despise it. While the likes of 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s may have sold stereotypes and reloaded worn out plots, they had a freshness, an energy and an innocence that impacted the public of all races and still make them fun. clock. 'Set It Off' would not be worth getting angry if it was not a symptom of the tragic decline and creation of ghettos in African-American movies since the promising days of the early nineties.
