Yesterday I saw the second part. And I must say, it was actually better than the first one. At first, I realized, it's really a sequel, not a new version, but not a good one. I do not like the old movies and series of Galactica, because the cylons looked like toasters (as mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old galactica. This movie turns the sides: Humans were harmless, but the whole movie was completely chaotic and stupid for me. Many scenes were unnecessary, for example, the story of the "computer expert", completely crap. If I were a scriptwriter, I would let him die at home, killed by the Cylon woman. And the evacuation of the planet? Oh, please, if it were bombarded by 50 Megaton nuclear weapons (why exactly 50 TM?), They would be killed by radiation. And how is it possible that the great cylon fleet was completely hidden before the attack? Aha, it was possibly this computer virus, created by the Cylon - the script was probably written by a 10-year-old boy from school. The good side of the movie is that humans are finally defeated! Really defeated, the population is close to extinction (the children are dying - twice explicit in the film: 1. a baby! Maybe one month of age and a girl of ten years maximum - what violence ...) . And the bad asses won and I think it's the first time in a science fiction gala fight movie. I also appreciate the design of the cylons (not only the humanoid cylon :-) a good job with these ships, I like the design of the ships by both, human and cylons. Human ships are a good version of the old ones. And galactica - really nice with these springs, I liked that. But this is all, only the design is not enough. The acting was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things not - the human cylon in the ragnardocks and the human cylon at the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in the Slovak dabbing just stupid, but that's It's not the movie's fault). The whole movie looked like a pilot movie for a series, but who would shoot those series? What would it be? A star for design the second for the near extinction of humanity.
