This movie is a disaster, but at least it is not pretentious. The art of the box for the video commercializes it as a "funny retreat" to the giant bugs films of the fifties. Actually, it's a basement robbery at the bargain price of "Aliens." <br /> <br /> The producers clearly wanted to take a picture of "ALIEN", but they must not have had a lot of money. In fact, they do not seem to have money, really. I hope everyone has been paid who worked on this. <br /> <br /> The basic plot (group of isolated people with a murderous insectoid creature) is preserved and a terrestrial location is inserted for budgetary reasons, I suppose. Instead of placing the film in space, where no one can hear you scream, put the film in a hospital, where everyone can see your budget uncovered. The fun of "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one funny thing) is that the filmmakers did not abandon the "ALIEN" aesthetic. Even though we are in a hospital, we still have an improbably cavernous annex where science fiction experiments are carried out, in this case the venerable device of the "growth hormone" plot. The annex also works like a boiler room (or something like that), so we can have an explanation for the monster that seeks heat. The boiler room is so large that it is tied with multi-level steel walkways, perfect to allow the slime to drip between the slats. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a man who works in a greenhouse is attacked by a fallen flower of an imported rare plant that grows in an exotic place. He touches it and says "Ow", so we know he has been hurt. The cut on his finger causes him to fall into unconsciousness in a matter of minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I suppose that in an image of "ALIEN" this would be called "mouth diver"?). The worm is isolated, but some naughty little children (patients with leukemia) approach stealthily and "accidentally" give it some experimental growth hormone. You know that everyone is in trouble when some employees of hospital staff fornicators are attacked by a camera on a crane, and very soon a maintenance man finds some obligatory cocoons, just before they are seized with a pair of insectoid arms. -convinientes. The rest of the film is dominated by the semi-offscreen monster, semi-obscured by semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> What brings us back to "ALIEN". You ask, how can a film set in a hospital incorporate all those flashing strobe lights that are always in the movies "ALIEN"? No problem ... a power outage (or something) causes the electrical system to go wrong, which apparently causes the strobe lights to bloom in all the hospital rooms and blink constantly during the movie. This doubles as a suitable layer for less than special effects (although the insects look rather neat, do not move too well, and the bug looks charmingly like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> Okay, then, what "ALIEN" bases we have not covered ... OH, water dripping down the walls! Check ... we'll divide the massive hospital into two parts, then we'll send some of the characters through the wet and soggy basement to get to the other side. Problem solved, now we have the opportunity to make numerous shots in "foreboding tunnel". And do not forget the fog ... well, you never need an excuse for this in horror movies, right? Well, maybe inside a hospital that you do, so we'll create smoke by having a lot of things that burn and burn. <br /> <br /> I have not said anything about the insignificant performance, it is not that the actors receive Any type of script to follow. I guess "Blue Monkey" was supposed to be cheerful and fun, and if so, it's a good try, but the pieces do not come together and the film ends up being a real obstacle. Watch a movie called "The Return of Foreigners: The Deadly Spawn" if you want to see a movie of this kind that does well, with less money and even more talent for marginal performance. This one falls flat on your ALIEN.
