I never knew that this movie existed until I found an old copy of VHS, hidden deep in my dusty closet of terror. The title in the box said "Insect" and the illustrations on the back made it clear that it is just another insignificant and poorly produced horror movie from the 80s. Of course, they can be fun, as long as you do not expect a smart stage and While you do not get irritated to see a giant amount of cheesy makeup effects. Almost all the important aspects that make a horror movie worth watching are below "Blue Monkey"! The plot is ridiculous and highly unoriginal, the performances are painful to watch and there is a total lack of suspense. Following the ever popular trend of "big bugs" movies, "Blue Monkey" is about a new and unknown species of insect that erases doctors and patients from a remote hospital. The creators could not be more evasive about the real origin of this gigantic gigantic creature! All we know is that it is not from outer space and that it initially crawled out of a tropical plant. Apart from this, there is absolutely no explanation for where this new type of insect comes from all of a sudden! As I said, do not make illusions for an intelligent script. The first half of the movie is entertaining enough, with a nice bit of gore and the introduction of a couple of deranged characters (an 80-year-old blind and alcoholic woman!) But the second half (when the whole hospital is in quarantine) is terribly boring. It is also near the end that "Blue Monkey" begins to exaggerate old (and better) scams. When approaching the climax, apparently they ran out of budget, since the lighting becomes very poor and the type of the monster suit is no longer very well camouflaged. It is worth taking a look at "Blue Monkey" in case you are really bored or if you really want to see every horror movie of the 80 that has been made. B movie fans can recognize John Vernon ("Killer Klowns from Outer Space", "Curtains") in the small and mindless role of Roger, who is in charge of the clinic.
