* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place in the Pacific Northwest at the turn of the century. John McCabe (a shaggy Warren Beatty) arrives at a sodden and muddy mining camp, full of cigar smoke and great ideas on how to build a proper whorehouse / house for the city, packed with a trio of the saddest whores in the world. the history of cinema It also comes with a reputation not earned as a gunslinger: too embarrassing about this to publicize it blatantly, but not exactly afraid to use it to assert alpha male credentials among locals. And therefore, forces children to build their living room at a rate of 15 cents per hour. <br /> <br /> It seems to be a pretty unfortunate operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) appears in a surprising contraption that is Half Railroad Car, half car (where did Altman find that thing?). Ms. Miller immediately assumes McCabe as a business partner, with the goal of classifying the new joint with appropriate whores and insisting that all visitors bathe before entering. Noticing that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on managing the accounts. It is unclear what McCabe's role will be. <br /> <br /> The plot is complicated when a couple of oily representatives from the mining company show up in the city and offer McCabe to buy it for five of the big ones. McCabe tells them to get out, he waits fifteen thousand. The company finds the negotiation unpleasant, so they hire a trio of assassins to simply kill McCabe. . . although the way they think they can escape by killing a man in broad daylight in the city center is as unclear as McCabe's role in the whore association. (Excusing this huge hole in the plot by the fact that the locals would be too intimidated to speak does not cut the mustard when it is considered that any reward-money offered by the local marshal would be quite tempting). <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs. Miller *, supposedly "classic cinema of the seventies", should be much better than they are. The movie tells a pretty good story; The main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some surprising scenes, especially one related to what appears to be a 14-year-old killer. But it is really very difficult to enjoy a movie when you can barely hear what someone is saying and when you can barely see what someone is doing. Once again, this director kidnaps his own movie with sheer laziness and carelessness. According to the trivia sheet here on IMDb, the film editor told Altman that the sound was murky; Altman did not agree; and when everyone said the sound was murky after the movie was released, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the movie looks atrocious. Only Robert Altman can hire a world class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that looks like he sprayed the camera lens with dirty water. Critics who praise the "dark brown glow" of this image have to be kidding. Interiors are fired through what appears to be dark scum. The exterior photograph is even worse: it is as if Altman placed 500 fog machines behind copious trees. During the climactic stretch, when Beatty is dodging the assassins while the local church is on fire, Altman insists on almost completely hiding the view with an animated snowfall reminiscent of one of the Rankin-Bass Christmas specials. <br /> <br /> Look: I can not watch a movie in these conditions. Come back to me when you learn to place boom microphones, when you delete all that annoying "Altman-esque" superimposed dialog box, and when you clean the lenses with some Windex, or something like that. 3 stars out of 10.
