How they made Al Pacino play in this movie surpasses me. This movie is absolutely terrible. I discovered, after reading some of the other reviews, that a couple of people really enjoyed this movie, which baffles me deeply, because I do not see how anyone in their right mind can enjoy a movie as horrible as Revolution. Not only is it a bad movie, with an unconvincing argument and a general strangeness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that the filmmakers had mental retardation (which is a very possible explanation of why this movie is as bad as it does). It's probably still a shit even compared to other movies made by delays or that you have deliberately taken all the illogical decisions to make this movie as bad as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with a huge and ugly mole on his face. Normally it does not have a mole. The mole does not add to his character. It is extremely ugly and distracting. It's not like the mole of Robert De Niro; It's much worse. Why the hell does that mole? It's as if the filmmakers simply said, "Let's see, how could we make this movie even worse than it already is? I know, we're going to give Mr. Sutherland a giant, ugly mole on his face." <br /> <br /> Another example of the stupidity of the filmmakers is the character Ned. We see, for the first three quarters of the film, the young Ned. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again, and he is, of course, the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we have a different actor who plays the old Ned. What, do they think we're idiots? Good god! Once again, it's like the filmmakers are saying, "How can we make things worse? I do not think we can ... Oh wait! I just had a terrible idea!" I know that a child does not grow much in half a year, which is fine, but at least it grows more than in three weeks. Just do not make another actor play Ned, or at least make him play the five minutes when it's three weeks younger. In addition, the child who plays the "older" Ned does not seem older than the "young" Ned. In fact, he looks completely different, much thinner and no taller or taller than the original actor, which is very confusing, since, like any rational human being, I thought at first that he was a new and different character. . <br /> <br /> What, died the first child while they were filming the movie? Because he was on the team for the first hour and a half, and then, all of a sudden, three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels will play Ned during the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor died, the filmmakers should have gotten at least one actor who looks like him to play the rest of his role, and re-shoot the five minutes of the "six months later" scenes. Better yet, just throw away the film completely, never finish it and never release it, never tell anyone anything, because at that time you should have realized that your movie sucks and when you finish it you would only lose more money and time and be successful . Make one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is so bad that you should not see it; It's so bad that you MUST see it, just to see how bad it stinks. Explicar Animals, terrible.
