Brilliant actor as he is, Al Pacino completely derails the Revolution? His approach to acting in the Method is not adequate for the role of an illiterate hunter caught in the War of Independence of the United States. Much of the blame must be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made Chariots Of Fire just a couple of years ago, speaks of a fall!). One of the many works of a director is to gather the actors, persuading them credible performances, but in this case Hudson has allowed Pacino to go crazy without asking for any kind of moderation. However, it is not only the low performance of Al's career that makes the film difficult: there are many other shortcomings with the Revolution, more of which will be discussed later. <br /> <br /> The illiterate hunter Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north eastern region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Do you lead a simple life? Living off the land, raising your child, surviving against the elements. The country is dominated by the English colonialists, but during a period of eight years (1775-83) a revolution takes place that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of the independent American nation. Dobb gets caught up in events when his ship and son are recruited by the Continental Army? Swept away by events they can barely understand, the Dobbs are fighting for their lives and their freedom in one bloody commitment after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and ardent woman of British aristocratic descent. His forbidden love is played against the broader historical context of the struggle. <br /> <br /> Where to start with the flaws of the movie? Most of the key players are miserable? Pacino has already been criticized enough, but Kinski is a little better than the renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is irremediably lost as a ruthless English soldier with a staggering Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is confused in his attempts to bring massive historical events to a personal level. At no time seems that someone has decided whether it is an intimate study with the American Revolution as a backdrop, or an epic war movie with a handful of well-drawn characters used to carry the story. As a result, the narrative falls on the no man's land, moving from the "big show" to the "little story" in an indiscriminate and meaningless way. The score of John Corigliano is quite frightening, and spills over the proceedings without thought or subtlety. The direction of Hugh Hudson is clumsy, both in his mismanagement of Pacino and the other key players, and in the decision to use the work of the camera in an irritating manner during the action sequences. The idea of ​​the handheld camera is to create immediacy? that feeling of "being there" in the confusion of battle and musket fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it does not work. The only department in which the film recovers a minimum of respectability is the detail of the period, with costumes, sets and weapons that seem to be always accurate. But if what you are interested in is a trip to the museum, it would be a better way to spend your time, because, as an exciting cinematographic experience, the Revolution does not even begin to succeed. Nothing more than a £ 18,000,000 mega-bomb that the unhealthy British film industry could endure in the mid-1980s.
