What a great word it is to "re-imagine". Is not that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? An intelligent word in fact: it hides the term that everyone has hated, "remakes", that is, and makes it almost sound as if the process of creation were creative and involved the imagination. Well, damn it, I was cheated. At least I was more seduced by the idea of ​​innumerable violence and rampant violence than the idea of ​​"reimagining", although it played a role. <br /> <br /> Even so, why make a new version? The directors do it only for a few reasons: to update a film for a modern audience, or because they love the original and want to pay tribute to it. A tribute, if you want. However, everything (I generally admit exceptions) is reduced to one thing: stealing someone's idea and reformulating it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who never see it or understand pay money to see it. It's like the notes of Coles / Cliffs; dump everything in a blender, purify everything that is more puzzling and curious and add some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So, what's wrong with this one? Well, I'm going to start with what I liked. I liked the first scenes. Thanks to CGI and a bigger budget, we could understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust that Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then everything collapses. <br /> <br /> This configuration does not lead anywhere. The film does what almost every remake does. Add more of everything except the character, the atmosphere and the story. It is louder, (in a certain sense) bloodier, and more full of main characters who seem to die only in nonsense subplots. The setting, the shopping center that played a crucial role in the story and the theme of the original movie, is purely coincidental. The idea communicated in Romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of having "a mall just for you as a fortress", has gone here. In addition, this "reimagination" has no moxie, no spirit, no balls. It assumes (probably rightly) that the public has no attention span and does not bother to care about the characters or the story. The film is hurried and loses the calmer interactions of the four characters of the original. Actually, you grew up to worry about those people in Romero's version because there was a certain realism in their existence despite the madness outside the mall. Here, you do not care when or who goes: what matters is how they go. <br /> <br /> What else do they have to say? The movie is not scary. It has one or two scenes of "jumps" and tries to compensate the rest with gore and noisy special effects. As a story, it is really too choppy to follow and the conflicts between the characters are too little developed to keep it. Humor is also reduced to a few sentences (and a really good character: Andy). After that, what is left? An ending that is clearly ridiculous and far inferior to the ambiguous and inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, although it is a pretty bad movie (although not as bad as some other versions), it must be remembered for one thing: he expelled La Pasión de Cristo from his first position at the box office. Well done zombies.
