This movie is pure 'Hollywood Hokum'. It is based on a novel called 'Not too narrow? Not Too Deep 'by Richard Sale, which may or may not have been interesting; It would take an investigation to find out! The history of the film takes for granted many incidents and many backgrounds that obviously existed in the novel but are not seen anywhere in the film, so either the film was cut wildly or the script was a disaster from the start . There is not a millisecond in this movie that is remotely realistic, either in terms of events or characters. It is pure Hollywood fantasy in all aspects. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so little used and wasted that they made no sense in their presence in the film. They should have been thrown into the mix the way you add a sprinkle of chopped scallions to an omelette, hoping that the flavor will improve. The film is a heavy attempt to produce a "morality tale," and it is so corny that it is ridiculous. The story concerns some hardened criminals imprisoned in French Guiana who want to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (largely a Hollywood jungle, with a rubber snake). Naturally, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford criticizes him as a vagabond who, for some reason, becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford, while escaping through the jungle, wears high-heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes malicious expressions, frowning as he used to, smiling and looking suggestively at everyone, which was his way of acting. It's hard to treat a character like a hardened criminal when he's always trying to be as good as Clark Gable who surely has no more time to be a thief. (Caretakers are, by definition, too busy to steal and are not suitable for a task that requires people NOT to see them). The whole adventure is so ridiculous that it can only be considered a light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and "depth" is made by injecting into the story a mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily enters the prison and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps in the escape and accompanies all the criminals and ministers to their different deaths, helping them to find "peace" in their last gasps. Ian Hunter plays this character very well, he keeps a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes cryptic prophetic comments and has a small trained spot on his face to give it a heavenly glow. The theme is meant to be redemption. You could call it the Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Goes Moral and Ges Heavy'. For a real depth, Hitchcock's 1953 "Confess" shows how it really should be done. On the contrary, this piece of trivial nonsense shows how empty the cabinets of Meaning were in Tinsel Town, and that when they looked for something that might mean something, all they could find was, they guessed it, more tinsel.
