The author of numerous novels, plays and stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered one of the great authors of the world during his life, and although his reputation has faded over the years, his work continues demanding respect and criticism. Great public reading. Published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is the story of a veteran of World War I whose quest for spiritual enlightenment confronts shallow Western values. It was Maugham's last great novel, and it was immensely popular. Since the novel's conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical themes, it was also an extremely strange choice for a film version, but Darryl F. Zannuck, of 20th Century Fox, fell in love with the book and regained screen rights shortly after the publication. <br /> <br /> According to the story of the film, THE RAZOR'S EDGE was to be directed by the legendary George Cukor from a screenplay by Maugham himself, and it seems that Maugham wrote an adaptation. However, when the film went into production, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for his artistic touch, and Maugham's script was replaced by one by Lamar Trotti, the author of memorable scripts such as THE INCIDENT OXBOW. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during World War II, was chosen as the spiritual conflict of Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of his time, was chosen as the socialite Isabell Bradley. The supporting cast was particularly notable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the filming schedule were splendid, and when the film debuted in 1946, it was admired by the public and critics. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of putting things in perspective. Seen today, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a beautifully produced film, but other than that, the best that can be said is that it achieves a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Although it is reasonably close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is noticeably out of place in terms of character and fails to grasp the fundamental problems that drive history. We are told that Larry is in search of enlightenment; We are told that he receives it; we are told to act accordingly, but despite occasional and largely superficial comments, we are never told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind them. More particularly, we are never told anything significant about the nature of enlightenment itself. It has the effect of cutting the story on its knees. <br /> <br /> We are left with the shell of Maugham's plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman that Larry loves but who leaves due to the growing ideological riff that opens between them. . Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more known for their physical beauty than for their talent, but both could get good results when they received strong guidance and script support. Unfortunately, that does not happen here; They are extremely single-note and power is a big mistake to boot. Fortunately, the cast is pretty good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson in particular; However, the famous performance of Anne Baxter has not looked as good as one might expect. <br /> <br /> With a duration of just under two and a half hours, the movie also seems unnecessarily long. It seems that there are endless cocktail-type jokes, and in fact, the whole sequence of India (which reads like something hilarious) would have been better cut completely, a strange situation, since this is the sequence that claims to be the crux of the whole movie. Regardless of the specific scene, it seems that everything continues and has no real point. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the movie has not been remastered, but the printing is extremely good, and while the bonus package is not particularly memorable or remarkably poor. When all is said and done, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for the values ​​of production and the willingness of all to assume the material, but, frankly, this is a movie that leaves the fans of Power and Tierney, who They will enjoy for the sake of the stars. , and those whose ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the movie itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
