What would happen if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment while trying to join a country club? If he had, he could have called it The Razor's Edge, since the Katha-Upanishad tells us: "It is difficult to ignore the razor-edge of a razor, therefore, the wise say that the path to Salvation is difficult. " But Maugham decided to stay with the well-educated class, so we have Larry Darrell's version of Darryl F. Zanuck, who has just returned from the First World War, carefully arranged, well connected in society and determined to find him by becoming a coal miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham tells us, "This is the young man I'm writing about, he's not famous, it may be that when his life finally comes to an end he does not leave any more trace of his stay in this If a stone thrown into a river emanates from the surface of the water, however, it may be that the way of life it has chosen for itself may have an increasing influence on its peers, so that after its death, maybe, he will realize that he lived in this era a very remarkable creature. " <br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all the cultural taste of Zanuck that money could buy. He's so serious, so sincere ... so important. While Larry continues his search for wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing a mountain in the Himalayas to learn from an ancient sage, we have his egotistical girlfriend Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood companion played by Anne. Baxter, the snooty and impeccably dressed uncle of the bride, played by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, taking notes. The film is so unbearably presumed of kindness that the only thing that animates it a little is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live to be a hundred years old, I will never understand how any young person can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good lines, but we end up appreciating Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestigious success for Twentieth Century when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He made sure there were dozens of well-dressed people, a score that sounds like a cathedral and even wrote some of the scenes. The effort is as shy as a fat man wearing a rented tuxedo. Despite Hollywood's vision of things in The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people, hard work does not bring enlightenment, just fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After almost two and a half hours, the last time we see Larry carrying his duffel bag aboard a vagabond in a gale. He will work his way back to America from Europe with a smile of satisfaction on his face. "Dear", Somerset Maugham tells Isabel at the same time in an elaborate and decorated room, "Larry has found what we all want and what very few of us get, I do not think anyone can stop being better, and More noble You'll see, my dear, kindness is, after all, the greatest force in the world ... and he has it! Larry and the audience need a good dose of Dramamine. <br /> < Maugham, let's not forget, was an excellent writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories.To see how movies could do him justice, notice how some of his stories were presented on the screen at Encore, Trio and Quartet And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
