The summer of 1979, when this movie was a staple in that new medium of film called HBO, was Gas Line Summer and Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer. A change of mood was about to end low-budget car movies with a unique mission, though "Smokey and the Bandit" kept speed-need films as Roadrunner's live-action cartoons for a few more years. "Corvette Summer" is as peculiar as any previous movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", if it is lighter and more sexy than most. Kenneth (Hamill), an automotive genius recently graduated from high school, hitchhikes in Las Vegas in search of the car theft ring that ripped his masterpiece from the shop's class, a super-personalized Vette to the right. In the spiritual limbo of desert I-15 (see "Fear and disgust in Las Vegas") gets into a customized van (yes, this was the end of the van's madness too) tricked as a mobile brothel and driven by the daring and aspiring whore Vanessa (Potts), on her way to Sin City to do it, well, whatever the ambitious prostitutes are. Vanessa, do you understand? The shy and innocent Kenneth is far away from Las Vegas, with only his totally American determination and his new friend to help him, although the young prostitute is, predictably, less intelligent in the world than it seems. Why, in the "I am Woman" era, Vanessa invested her talent, her money and her future in the oldest but least worthy profession in the world, for example, in college or even in hairdressing, can be explained by young men They want to think that everything Women at least consider the joys of that professional career. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for white bread Kenneth (the car does not even belong to him personally, but to his school), who will not be dissuaded from his goal by violence, money or even love, until he discovers by What the car was really stolen. Potts acts with style and energy, but Vanessa is too amazing for anyone, but the most gullible testosterone machine to buy. Bad guys become surprisingly human, especially for the always good Brion James. But there is not much action and this is not the kind of film that can be made through dialogs, plot twists or heavy themes. You can always reach, turn the TV dial and plug in the "Pong" console. The similar but petty Chris Mitchum, the vehicle "Stingray", which appeared almost at the same time, presented a more relaxed performance but with more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each movie could have produced a Vette movie that is worth remembering. Thus, the Trans Am was left to govern the muscle showroom of the box office muscle. Another forgotten car movie brought back from the dead by the excellent weekend series of "Speed ​​Channel", Lost Drive-in.
