54 is a film about a club with the same title on the stage of the 70's era. It has the classic handsome bartender. The sexy females. The owner of high power. Party. When everything is intertwined, chaos occurs, and the bartender (played by Phillipe) seems to be in the worst part of all this. <br /> <br /> I will be as direct and honest as possible, while avoiding any unfair or false comments (like, it's an 'ok' movie). I really find it a completely horrible movie complemented by its cast. Every time I sit down to watch a Salma Hayek movie, I'm always looking forward to seeing her beauty, radiantly expressed at the same time as a great performance, but reality always abruptly reminds me of how absolutely untalented she is. I mean, really, what has she bequeathed to the masses, apart from her immense table dance in 'From Dusk Till Dawn' ...? The same goes for Ryan Phillippe, another poor actor who gives nothing to the screen, but his good looks and his incredibly boring facade, also known as 'acting'. Mike Myers, is not as bad as these 2, at least it gives something worthy to the movie. Playing the corny and extrovert co-founder of the 54 Club. The kind that most viewers would hate (that is, a job well done), makes a somewhat convincing performance that gave me a rare enjoyment of the film. But, unfortunately, it is not enough to rescue the film from its nothing without foundation and plainness. Most of the "bad" bad movies I find from the movie, but this has nothing to do with that. Neve Campbell is not that bad, but she's just 'there'. The story is boring, it seems that the writer was more inclined to make a film of this style and adornment and forgot to add something else. Any meaning Any class. Nothing at all. Because, like most ornaments, they are just hollow and meaningless objects, which are simply beautiful to look at, very similar to the base of this disastrous film. <br /> <br /> In truth, an hour and a half of time could have gone by. It is better to do something much more exciting, like talking to 90-year-old relatives over the phone about weather.
