If you reached adolescence in the 70s, as I did, you probably remember the stories about Studio 54, whether you liked the disco or not. An exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of the cultural indulgence and self-absorption of the 70s; There is even an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its heyday, and the stories are interesting enough to generate a very captivating movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows the life of some of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bus boy named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a warm girl, Anita (Selma Hayek), and of course the teacher of Ceremonies himself, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the events at the club are well represented, this film deals more with the personal life of the workers, following Shane's story more closely. <br /> <br /> The movie works spontaneously. Sometimes it perfectly captures the superficiality of nightlife culture (like when Shane is taken to a dinner party and does not know who Errol Flynt is), and other times it becomes a hokey melodrama. Something of that is inherent in the premise ?? Following subordinates as they mingle in the world of the rich and fabulous? But much of this is due to the gloved treatment of the children that both the club and Rubell receive throughout the film. While Rubell undoubtedly electrified the scene in New York with his fondness for the exaggerated show and his exclusive selection of crowds every night, rampant drugs and sexuality are briefly mentioned; and the same Rubell, while his excesses are mentioned, is strangely positive for a guy who in life was a liar, a cheat, a junkie and a promiscuous as hell. Not that he was looking for the man to be harassed here, but his ego directly contributed to the downfall of his club and the decline of nightlife that he helped raise. A final scene in which he watches patrons regularly is so emotionally false that it is obviously absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers goes to great lengths to capture Rubell, but they give him so little to work here that it's surprising his performance is effective; But it's good, and it helps to anchor the movie. Philippe, whom I generally consider to be a good actor, is surprised by the superficiality and stupidity of his character; he is limited to a smile of deer in the headlights or a frown without understanding, and even he can not translate that into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are well, again, undermined by writing, and Neve Campbell? Featured on the DVD cover? it appears so briefly that it really has an extended cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I still feel interested, even fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But still, this is not a film that particularly attracts me, despite the predisposition to like it. I would say if that era, or that club, has any interest for you, look for the special VH1 instead of this intermediate melodrama.
