At first glance, Ruiz has proposed to make a psychological thriller. Although it is not as satisfying as a classic piece in that genre, there are compensations. The tensions generated between Huppert and Balibar as women calmly but calculatingly in the war for a child that both affirm are convincing; However, in a true European art style, Ruiz does not release us from this tension, since women also try to behave with compassion. The only voice that rises is that Huppert woke up from a nightmare (an irrational event not questioned in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the movie is as small about its suspense skeleton as Jane. Campion is in the cut. Instead, it is an intergender psychological study focused on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides a practical joke, causing his mother to face another emotionally vulnerable woman. Both women seem to please him instead of scolding him and this exacerbates the problem. In the background there is an intemperate psychologist (Charles Berling), who rushes to confront the women in his life (his sister Huppert, the nanny or his father) and, therefore, acts as a symbolic counterweight to the adult, the calm and (we learn) the manipulative Camille. . It is particularly interesting that, like the father in Henry James' The Turn of the Screw, the father of Denis Podalydes, who is in charge of the law, is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz captures an oedipal moment of Huppert's reaction to his return at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Read as a thriller or as a psychiatric trial, this movie is quite disappointing. Officially, I'm pretty sick of Mme Huppert's screen method, which is too buried, so I'll be watching her on stage before watching her films again (from Europe, we enjoy Heaven's Gate). The support is good. Ruiz does the cast without any favor. Apart from the poor lighting and the intentionally strange shots, it is as if his direction had left the characterization quite out of reach. I'm thinking especially of the shamanic neighbor of Edith Scob to Isabelle, who acts knowing but communicating bewilderment. The fixed parts are not linked to a forward driving frame: the voltage to which I have referred is not only weakly dissipated but also wasted in its directional potential. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
