I absolutely despise this movie. It is not surprising that José Larraz "repudiated" him at a given moment and refuses to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his darker maniacal / sexual thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has an inescapable type of art that he can not seem to disconnect, due in part to his secondary career as a painter and draftsman. It's a shame he never made a western, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is easily his most notorious film and probably the best known after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And its notoriety revolves around a scene in which a satanic group exercises a strange rite that consists of extracting the reproductive fluid of a goat, symbolizing The Beast, as a kind of nauseating balm to prepare the girl as the sister of a murdered man. Your role as Satan's girlfriend. The scene in question is represented in a way that seems quite convincing, even without the display of any plumbing apparatus with which the goat has been endowed, based on the actress's histrionics recruited to play the supplicant in the ritual and a Lots of guttural chants The recycled musical score of the film is heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more implicit than what is shown in graphic detail, augmented to some extent by the knowledge that the supplicant is actually the adolescent daughter of the satanic priest. My, but they had fun with this movie. <br /> <br /> The problem with this is that there is not much to deconstruct or contemplate, apart from the paper, the story derived from BABY DE ROSEMARY'S of a woman being weaned in her role as Satan's Wife by a sophisticated group of satanists living on the outskirts of a very sinister Great Britain. Led by the Helga line of Eurohorror, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, landowners, magnates and other dignitaries of the upper crust who in reality owe their professional success to the devil's worship. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just watch who you can sell to pay for small personal conflicts or you can end up being thrown with a sword. <br /> <br /> The film tries to combine this exciting satanic journey with lots or graphic sex on the limit, and it must be correctly considered as a sort of vertex or culmination of sex and horror. Creepy Spanish traditions popularized in part by Mr. Molina and Ms. Line. Surprisingly it flourished under the look of disapproval of a generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While he lived, his decree was that Spanish cinema should be free of graphic representations of sex on screen. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with hidden sex for their own screens and another with fornication on display for export. As difficult as it was for the filmmakers to express themselves, the result was a kind of interesting tension that usually occurs when artists flirt with the forbidden: the Spanish horror of the 70s has a very special flavor that is something of an acquired taste. It is not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a strange turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and their demonic orgies suddenly They found past when compared to new sensations like JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's limitations, there was suddenly an avalanche of overtly graphic thrillers that came out of the pipes in the late 70's and early 80's, of which BLACK CANDLES is perhaps best known due to its emphasis on deviation sexual with a farmyard animal. Larraz's main horror films have always revolved around sexual taboos (the VAMPYRES lesbianism, the incest of CRYING AND DEATH AND DEVIATION), but here the effect of depravity is to eclipse the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything other than the traditionally censored trip to the Goat Barn, and seeing a cut version without the scene in the barn is almost an exercise in futility. Sex is not graphic enough to qualify as pornography and the chills are not chilling enough to qualify as horror. <br /> <br /> Therefore, BLACK CANDLES is essentially a behavioral study. Here is how high society British satanists could behave in their isolated mansions in the West Midlands or whatever. Between sex scenes, actors / actresses sit around and have many discussions. The best thing about the film is an undoubtedly oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of its action in the tightly confined interiors of Mrs. Line's character mansion. Almost all avenues of fornication are insinuated, so fans of soft-sex creatures with a hint of supernatural horror will have fun, and of course, vicarious sex offenders from among us will enjoy drowning their chickens at the barn scene of the goats. But the final conclusion of the film is silly, pretentious, insulting to the intelligence and, probably, perfect for an exercise of this type, otherwise, forgettable, in the applied sergeant. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without Goat Barn, this movie is not the same, and with the scene it is probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
