Note for oneself, just because a film is foreign, dark and starring Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it's good. Such is the case of 'Blue Juice', a 1995 British film about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what would seem (for an American fool, anyway) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England . You might be thinking that this has the ingredients for a small and funny comedy. If only. The movie is just over ninety minutes long, but it seems endless. The easiest way to describe it is like a kind of British version of 'Grease' from the 90s without the dance, but even that makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to take it is like a little game of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surf instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is actually the protagonist of the film, and his character is a kind of surfing legend for a small group of surf devotees, the group of extravagant free spirits that inevitably inhabit movies like this one. In this case, it consists of a drug trafficker who wants to be a journalist, an old nightclub and a record producer, and a fat nerdy man who, in an unnecessarily extended scene, is drugged and loses all his inhibitions. Of course, it turns out to be better that happened to him. Honestly, I can not say that everything that happens in 'Blue Juice' is predictable, since it is located in one place and reflects customs and manners with which I am not very familiar, but there is certainly nothing surprising or interesting that takes place there. . with the characters. The comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. One can feel the configurations a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is just as trite. She wants him to grow up; He wants them to remain the impetuous adolescents they started to be. He is afraid of losing face with his gang; She believes that he prefers them to her. You have the idea While I was struggling to keep focused on the 'Blue Juice', towards the end I felt, as the saying goes, that this was an hour and a half of my life that I would never return.
