About five minutes, and I saw where he was going. The administration of the school upsets a group of high school children and the thoughts of rebellion begin to be encouraged. I told my girlfriend: if it's below 5 in IMDb, I'll go read a book. He got 5.0, so he convinced me to keep looking. What are the good things? Well, it's good that this movie does not have a story, as it would surely distract you from the editing. It's like the drawing of the student that was ripped off by one of the masters, all the images of this movie were cut in a strange accident that involved a meat grinder and left half of the stock destroyed, with the other half joined in two seconds. bits Even in a ten-second scene of local television news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are the assemblies. All this is adjusted to electronic music, which warns of another assembly, so that, like Pavlov's dog, begin to shrink every time you hear it, which is approximately every three minutes. Oh, I was supposed to say good about this movie. Well, the film was filmed very well, with a nice palette of colors, which combined very well with the emotional content, like the one that there was, of the scenes. Well, now with the main flaw of the movie, and it was not the story, or the lack of it. The director made the fatal mistake of misleading you about people and situations, not by telling clever stories, but by being very selective about what to show about the main characters. That is just cheating. I guess he did it to make the central character more pleasant. But it became simply annoying. If history is full of holes, it is not good to try to fix it by diverting the viewer. And often it did not even make sense. And then the end. Basically, the main villain of peace turns out to be a good guy, even if he is a coward. In addition, he turns what seemed to be the central point of the film, which should defend a just cause in his head, by the aforementioned detour, and makes it a point about the nature of the revolutions, which was already done, And much better, by animal farm. He also committed what I call Bill Cosby's sin: no matter how things may look at first, adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's be honest: unless you're me, that's not true.
