"John Hughes' son wrote a high school drama! Wow!" I thought that while I was reviewing the film's information here on IMDb, late on Saturday night, I found myself watching the opening credits on BBC2. <br /> <br /> I just finished watching it and, unfortunately, it was a descent from there onwards It could be said that it can not spoil such a poor movie, but I will leave the spoilers out of this review ... < There is a lot of style on very little substance: unfortunately, the style has not been too good in the eight years since its launch. As for the substance, the film tries to pose an interesting look at the nature of control in society through the microcosm of school life; but beneath the shiny plate, a remotely significant or relevant argument does not materialize. The characters are painted with broad childish strokes, falling into the kind of generic stereotypes that the father of the writer tried to question in the Breakfast Club. <br /> <br /> Director Kyle Cooper does a decent job keeping up the pace (perhaps relying too much on information montages, which soon becomes a boring device, but at least drives the story), but his efforts are not distract enough from the bad script and the odd cast (how someone is supposed to side with 'Maddox', when Blake Shields burns out and gives the part a fulminating look, I just can not understand), not to mention the large number of openings to make holes (I am in favor of creative license, but when the "bad guys" know the identities of the "good guys" who make their lives a pittance, but do not act to stop them, there really is to wonder why) this script did not undergo a few other re-drafts before production - Dad read it?). <br /> <br /> I'm sure a younger audience could enjoy this movie (and all the power to them)), but it's better that they continue with the performance of Hughes Sr.'s high school, and if the idea of ​​rebellion in school hours is what really appeals, the 1968 classic "If ..." is a much more satisfying examination of the subject.
