When this movie premiered in 1997, the "special effects", as they are, were poor. They would have been dated even for the 1980s, and even some films made in the 1970s and 1960s have had the same or better SFX work. Certainly, nobody involved in the production of this film was looking for an Oscar. It's a wild departure from the usual things of director Fred Olen Ray, most of whom have the word "Bikini" in the title (Bikini Pirates, Bikini Chain Gang, Bikini Girls of Lost Planet, etc.) and are little more than T & A movies, but here we are with a movie classified as "U" and aimed directly at children. You have to give it credit for diversifying! This was a small direct cult success to the video that later resulted in a couple of sequels, Invisible Mom 2 and Invisible Dad. Dee Wallace-Stone (whose career was downhill quickly after the 1982 ET) plays the "invisible mom" of the film's title and would return for the sequel. Russ Tamblyn (whose career had been in free fall even longer since 1961 "West Side Story") plays the villain Dr. Woorter. It's probably fair to say that the majority of the cast was at the point of their careers that they would be prepared to work on almost anything just to pay the bills that month, except perhaps the young Trenton Knight. like Josh. However, it is quite revealing that, although he worked before this movie, this child actor did not return to work after the sequel, "Invisible Mom 2". Maybe the movie was cursed. After all, it was not so bad in this movie. For a child actor, it's pretty good, no better or worse than any of his more experienced castmates. <br /> <br /> As mentioned earlier, the effects of "invisibility" are naff, to say the least, the direction is bad, the writing is obvious and the acting is nothing special. There are a lot of things to do. However, there are movies, and for anyone under the age of ten, this movie will undoubtedly be quite visible. However, most adults will probably want to do an act of disappearance on their own while it's underway, and I would not blame them for a bit!
