Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the head chef and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a lovely wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five years. Sammy loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help you. Okay, it's my fault: I read the summary of the other comments from the IMDB users, I saw the IMDB users' rating, but I really did not think that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it, and in fact some comments are very complacent. The story, the script and the dialogues are so silly and ridiculous that even in some X-rated movies we can find smarter stories. Photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be taken through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres does not feel ridiculous: being an old man, bald, would be acceptable in a Viagra ad or grandfather of the little boy. But as an attractive man who has and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In Wood Allen's comedy, maybe he had a chance, but in a serious movie, it's funny. I am trying to find out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski agreed to participate in such a horrible, amateur and garbage movie. Do they need money? Lack of possibilities in better films due to their ages? Are they friends of the "director" (sorry to use this word) and decided to help and promote it? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it's unacceptable for such a big actress to accept such a script. The same applies to the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. She appears fat, without makeup, without glamor. A total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actresses in the history of cinema. One fact really intrigues me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this garbage, give higher ratings or write favorable comments about this film? Are they friends of the `director '(again, am I using this word ...) or the cast? I find it very strange that a normal IMDB reader likes a movie like that. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(` Addicted In Sex')
