This shoddy B movie tries to mask itself as a study of sexual addiction, but it's actually a bad excuse for a sexploitation movie. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy owns a restaurant with a clueless wife, Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a little girl. She has a sexual addiction and must have nonsense sex every five minutes with any woman in her field of vision who agrees (and, of course, every woman on the planet finds it irresistible despite the fact that she seems old enough as to collect Social Security). . <br /> <br /> The story centers on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski) where he describes each of his sexual exploits through a flashback. This is no more than a convenient starting point for a parade of serial sexual acts, which consumes at least 75% of the screen time. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to start criticizing a movie so badly. The production values ​​are abysmal. The film was shot on video with a look somewhere between a telenovela (at best) and an amateur porn movie in someone's garage. The direction of Joseph Brutsman is horrible with bad lighting, uninspired framing and bad direction of the actor. The script is insipid and the dialogue meaningless and vulgar. <br /> <br /> Women are usually portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphomaniacs who only wait for an addict like Sammy to arrive and mistreat them while feeding their insatiable appetites with some impersonal copulation. . As an example, Grace's sister comes to inform Sammy, indignant, that she knows he has been sleeping and that he will tell his wife. His answer to that is to throw her against the wall and start raping her. Approximately three seconds later, she has an epiphany and instantly becomes one of her sexual disciples begging him to give her more. Just when they finish, Grace enters and the sister says: 'Oh, it's a pleasure to see you, I have to run to pick up Timmy' and mom's word about Sammy's indiscretions. The bond of loyalty has been sealed with a good outburst. There is no spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who has seen the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it. <br /> <br /> The sexual representations are exaggerated, mechanical and so badly simulated. Which are more comical than erotic. Most of them are made with both participants fully dressed. The acting is miserable. Michael Des Barres presents all the depth of a rain puddle. He really seems to get into the push and blasphemy of the sexual parts, but when it comes to acting with Arquette and Kinski, he is adrift. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film, offers a bearable performance and is genuinely hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lusty animal. Nastassja Kinski is too compassionate as the therapist, but at least we have some acting here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of doubles with raised bodies that give lines that make you think: "hit me harder, is that the best you can do?" and 'Oh, God? YES'. <br /> <br /> This movie is among the worst I've seen, a dubious distinction given the thousands of movies I've seen. I have given him the extremely rare disgrace of qualifying him as 1/10. It should not be seen within three hours of any meal.
