You can not deny that we have an affinity for speed. That is why films like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit become a game for the satisfaction of audiences, especially local ones. We live on a small island, and I can not understand why, for the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to get into debt by owning a set of wheels that come with 100% taxes when they arrive on our shores, and the large amount of taxes and bills to be paid when one is operated. Not only that, high-end sports cars were once taken by a prominent politician in the north who will never reach the fourth gear, lest they reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And these movies are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go well together depending on the demographics required. For once, those necklines that expose extravagant and short skirts that accentuate the legs of two meters long, can not compete with the attention paid to those beautiful curves that exotic cars have in films like these. Of course, there are among us (ahem) those who opt for the sexist representation of women as mere sexual objects (otherwise, they explain why motor shows come with trucks full of models, and movies like these can not work without a leggy model in a box), however, does not guarantee the kind of collective orgasmic sighs when the four wheels turn on the screen, even when they do not do exactly anything and have their gears in the Park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear he wets his pants every time the cars of his dreams appear, and curls up even more when he hears the grunts of the engine. <br /> <br /> So there we have it, the fans who appeared en masse just to see which of the latest cool cars appears in the movie. With the Fast and Furious franchise, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines take center stage, as does the GT. Here, the Ford GT acquires an incredibly sluggish facade modification, which even impresses me, along with the latest models such as the Ferrari Enzos, the Porshe Carerra GT, the Koenigsegg CCX and all the cars that have doors for the doors. But seriously, my heart goes to cars every time they are destroyed mercilessly just for entertainment. I mean, these are perfectly fine and high performance models that are at the peak of motorsport, but even so, since the person who financed the film had millions to exploit, he does so because he can, <br /> <br /> There is no history in Redline, just excuses to put together a movie full of beauties (cars that are) that can tear the asphalt in the most boring way possible, and with the usual shots of the pedals (always the accelerator, of course, touching the brake) Pedal is equivalent to blasphemy, and you do not gain any respect), ruffles, gear changes (always changing up and not down), all this while the actors pretend they are the baddest asses with a motor, they growl and They are given to each one. Other dirty looks. It is not a very difficult task for an actor, and that is why we have the most regrettable performances in history, with lines that seem to be written by elementary students. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, she made a statement that girls can drive) Natasha (a very sticky-looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million-dollar finds: a girl with an appearance of model that does not mind getting four legs and immersed in the oil, which has a racing pedigree inside it, and plays with a rock band that sings songs with lyrics that are just ridiculous (each line had to do with with the cars, and when you sang about love, you just had to tie up those insinuations like changing gear shafts, lubricants and going for a walk). Presented against his desires for illegal careers by a gangster named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), he is embroiled in family disputes involving a veteran of the Iraq war similar to Leo DiCaprio, and a rich uncle with a lustful look and evil. Everything else, well, as I said, only serves as an excuse for the movie to move from one career to another. <br /> <br /> And it's almost always the same, since there is very limited to what you can do to increase the tension. between race cars, especially when you know that the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and you can see the result of the race a mile away from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors, I'll put my head on the block and name Paul Walker, Sun Kang and, of course, the star he created: Vin Diesel, Redline had none, just pretty faces with a lot of air. Unfortunately. It looks like a television movie in its treatment from the beginning, with a very insipid opening sequence in which it's about a man, a car and a 105-minute race against time to get to Las Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not. For the cars, then this movie is seriously a scrap piece, with bad acting, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for car enthusiasts, or for those who like their movies with innumerable beauties that sway in the body without speaking.
