There is a scene in this movie around the 42 minutes that is among the worst I've seen in a long time. While F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) rest on the beach, suddenly things get tense and Sheilah begins to cry, moment in which she tells her lover about her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly exaggerated and histrionic that I could not help but address my wife and exclaim how stupid she was ... dramatic music was inflated on television while everything came to a false crescendo. NO ONE experiences moments like this, nobody. Now, I can not say how much of the rest of the movie is true, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and as fake as an $ 8 Rolex, and leads me to assume that some of the other reviewers were correct: the movie is a Lots of bunk beds However, I am not an expert in the lives of these two people and the internet does not seem to clarify this either. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship really like? However, what I do know about Fitzgerald seems to be different from what I saw in the movie. Was he the soft and decent man we see initially in the movie? Well, considering he was married at the same time he continued with Graham and drank like a fish, I guess he was not. Was he as obnoxious and rude as we see later in the movie? Maybe, but if he was so bad And yet, Mrs. Graham stayed with him, then that makes her a complete fool, and not someone she'd like to see in a movie. And, if he was not, then the movie does a bad service to his memory. Either way, it was a painful visual experience and not particularly pleasant. <br /> <br /> The total sum of this movie seems to be a story of two people not particularly nice or healthy. In a dark and salacious way, some may find this very entertaining, but most will surely see it as a train crash with no surprises along the way! Unpleasant but with brilliant production values ​​(especially the music, which was charming but far above) raises the question "why did you even choose to do this in the first place?" In short, it's a pretty bad movie and probably not worth it, even if, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
