This is a film with a bigger budget than usual for the director of the genre Honda (with more obviously elaborated sets). although the special effects still have that peculiar character (witness of the giant bats and rodents in exhibition). It also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten, who plays the visionary scientist, looks awkward and fragile (but, then, his character is supposed to be 204 years old!), An innocent Richard Jaeckel is the photographer's hero while , as main villains, we have Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially campiñas). As I've often said, I grew up watching English films dubbed in Italian, but listening to the Hollywood actors in Japanese is something else entirely! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a juvenile version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and is quite entertaining at that level; in fact, it is preferable to Honda's forehead variations in the formula of the monsters in the riot because of the inherently picturesque charm of the configuration in this case. The plot involves the kidnapping of a famous scientist by Romero? he had the intention of establishing himself in the underwater and technologically advanced city devised by Cotten (to which the most important minds of the world are recruited). We are treated to many silly battles between rival submarines, but are the funniest scenes without a doubt the raid on Romero's cave? in fact, Cotten is making deadly leaps and defending himself from men in rubber suits (through the flames and the laser emitted from his glove!) he must surely count as the nadir of his acting career; Is the other elder in the cast, Romero, more in his element? After all, he had been The Joker on the BATMAN television series and in the movie of the 1960s! Cotten has a blond doctor with little clothes on his team, and has the help of a huge Asian; Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an oriental femme fatale? who, however, ends up getting unfair treatment for their efforts (the child's brain eventually transplants to a lion and condor hybrid, which is among the most phonetic-looking creatures I have ever seen). Apparently, a set of 2 discs of this from the streets of Media Blasters on this very day!
