Luckily I did not pay to see this movie. Also, I can not even reveal any spoilers because I voluntarily walked out after forty minutes of the movie. It was so bad Once I laughed, when the Yahoo! Billboard fell on the boy, and the theme song went on. However, that was only because I thought he was making fun of it, but then I realized that it was still another placement of the product. <br /> <br /> I loved the cartoons. I used to see it almost religiously. (although I missed the last episode, I heard that they show Dr. Claw and it was just a claw, someone commented on the program page) The cartoon had Penny and Brain much more than the movie, until that moment. I hated the configuration of all this, reminiscent of Robocop. Then Broderick is screwed with all the feeling of Inspector Gadget. It is not as clumsy as the caricature was. Another fact is that their devices really work to the point that I saw, except for the oil stain. He also fucked up with the "Wowsers" tone that used to be in an emotional tone. I felt so disappointed that they killed the caricature so badly. Everyone else felt that way too. We, from 14 to 17 years old, remember the cartoon with love and we loved every minute. <br /> <br /> I entered the movie with an open mind, knowing that they would have become entangled with the cartoon. I was surprised at how slow the movie was. It was based on visual gags and stupid dialogues for humor. Disney is based on pain and physical humor to promote a movie for children. The placement of the product does not make sense in this movie, and it shows. The smart cracking car is not so good for cracking. The devices look good, but they were almost too bright. The cartoon was a better look. The silly scenes were crap. In the 40-45 minutes I saw the movie, no laugh was heard, and they laughed at the preview of Dudley-Do-Right. This movie should not be seen by people who want intelligence in their family entertainment. I highly recommend "The Iron Giant", which was sad, but very, very good. This movie is a parody of the drama of the whole family .------------ 1
