You may want to know in advance that I am not a Mormon, unlike a good number of those who have already reviewed this movie. I mention this so that you understand that the way I see the film may differ a lot from the way I see the faith. For some, being a critic of the film can be seen as critical of the faith, and that is NOT my intention. Therefore, my opinion is that of a stranger trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt I learned a lot. Since I am a history teacher, I have a good basic knowledge of Young, as well as Joseph Smith, as well as the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to see this movie to really learn something, will probably be disappointed because the movie seems very good, too beautiful and too unrealistic in its interpretation. In addition, you learn practically nothing about the beliefs of the church, other than that they are good people, work hard and some have many wives (and this last part is hardly mentioned in the film). Instead, people are almost like cartoons in their simplistic representations. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, non-Mormons were all demons and Brian Donlevy (interpreting EXACTLY the same kind of role that Edward G. Robinson later played in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS) is the problem maker who claims to be a Mormon , but it only appears so that the movie can have a bad guy. Everything is very simple ... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination or infomercial movie. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was especially a very complex man, with many good points (an excellent organizer and visionary), as well as a bad one (I do not even mean myself His views on blacks within church or mixed marriage). To depict it in such vague terms is simply silly. It is also very similar to how Gandhi was portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley, only the facts that led him to be almost superhuman were emphasized. Hell, now that I think about it, this is the problem with most religious films: they often turn out to be one-dimensional, trivial, and bland. Let's make a complete and more complete film of these men, that adheres to the facts and not to the emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> Now, if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about faith or your second leader, the movie is quite nice. It is obvious that someone in 20th Century-Fox really cared about the film, as they had a wonderful cast of leading actors (Tyrone Power), emerging actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful character actors (Dean Jagger , John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had a wonderful location and a lot of brightness. He just did not have much to say to us, other than that everyone was "bloated". Also, there were a lot of factual errors and some stupid scenes. Some of the errors include that Young took the control immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), the diverse mormon denominations and the divided groups are not mentioned, it is spoken of "gold in California", although it was 1847 and gold would not be discovered until 1948, as well as no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's many wives. The silly scenes include Carradine pulling out a gun and waving it at the courtroom scene, and no one seemed to mind, even though it was a very hostile audience! Do not you think that at least the judge would tell him to keep it and stop threatening people ?! <br /> <br /> A final comment. No, I repeat, do not watch this movie when it is shown in American Movie Classics (a great station that has sunk a lot in recent years). Although I am critical of the film because of its simplistic message, I was appalled by the total lack of respect that the station had for the church and its traditions. What I want to say is this. The movie was peppered with advertisements for penis enlargement formulas, as well as lots of pop-ups (some ads from a show featuring the "sexiest cast"). Talk about the lack of respect and rudeness, and I would feel equally offended if they did this for any other religious film. By doing this, they not only insult the faith but also marginalize their market: after all, who likes to hear these things and the life of Brigham Young ?! Is this a movie, in this way, that you can show your children or recommend to others?
