Once again, Disney manages to make a movie for children that completely ignores their background. About the only thing common with this and the original cartoons of gadgets are the names. The most obvious mistakes are the characters: Penny does not have his book, Brain has been reduced from character to elegant character, Dr. Claw is more a presumptuous than an evil villain, etc. But there's more than that. The horrors begin from the first minutes of the film: having Gadget as a security guard named John Brown does not help to identify him as the classic Inspector Gadget. And right at the beginning, we see Disney's brazen attempt to turn each story into a love story between a man and a woman. They present Brenda, which only serves to make this film compatible with Disney. Add to this the fact that the "Claw" that you see in this movie and the classic Dr. Claw are almost diagonally opposed and you will see that this will not be close to the original story. What would help would be a better plot to replace it, but as you guessed, Disney also failed at that. The whole movie is just a contraption that acts like a fool for foolishness and wants Brenda. As if it were an insult to the injury, Disney presented the "new" Gadgetmobile: it is not seen, it works or it looks like the old Gadgetmobile, it's just the canonical figure of "comic relief". Disney obviously recognized that the Gadget cartoons were a comedy, so they also made the film a comedy, but they pulled out all the smart jokes (like the role of assignment exploding in the boss's face) and replaced them with Gadget as an imbecile, the Gadgetmobile is a wise ass, and "Claw" showing off. Someone should tell Disney that "the children's movie" does not imply "the total lack of brain use." The gadget should be aimed at children from 10 to 12 years ... not children from 10 to 12 months like this movie. Whatever the movie is supposed to be, it is NOT, repeat NO, the actual Gadget Inspector. Because I love old Gadget, I hate this.
