Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager given to Satan (and LSD) by her archeologist, Richard's fiancé. There is a demonic cult hippie in the neighborhood of the decrepit local old castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drop drugs, join in sexual orgies, dance to psychedelic rock and participate in black mass ceremonies where boys wear pants, masks and layers. And women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, this kind of extracurricular activities have left Leila open to the demonic possession of the feared "spirit of evil." Leila also comes from a family fucked, which does not help either. Her older brother John is a loner who seems to be in love with her. His mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because he believes he was responsible for the father's death. To make matters worse, his sister (Maria Kosti) is a semi-professional golfer named Slutty (panting!) Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of help hired around too to waste more time. Two maids (a young woman who takes off her clothes a lot and an old woman who spies on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeurist handyman who spies on Leila changing clothes, takes naked photos and sneaks into the House of the pool to take a look at your newly used swimsuit. Oh, yes, and Borg, the German shepherd pet. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is the father Adrian Dunning, the dubious priest (zzzzz) who starts snooping after John and Richard have their heads turned back. Leila tells him: "They say I'm evil and I'm going to prove it's true!" During her birthday party, she tells her guests "You make me sick! I hate them all!" and when Mom suggests that a doctor come, she screams "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests that they commit Leila to a "sanitorium," but Leila escapes and joins the cult again. They rescue her (again) and bring her back home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At this point in the movie, there are only about ten minutes to go and everything we've basically seen is something very boring. Dumb characters talking and whining about how terrible their lives are and how Leila is behaving strangely. It's almost as agonizing to sit like an Andy Milligan movie, minus gore and laughter. But finally, during the last minutes, we obtained the movie that the title implies: a movie of possession similar to EXORCIST. Unfortunately, the best part of this is the contact lenses that Leila uses. Some time-lapse cuts appear on his arms, legs and face, his lips are full and his eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marbles. He begins to stink of rotten meat, spits some shit, starts talking with the voice of his dead father, sneaks into his mother's bedroom, slaps her a bit and calls her "a nasty slut." When Father Adrián arrives, who now finally believes he is possessed, he defends himself from his attempts at seduction, hallucinates in the kitchen with frogs and eels and soaks Leila with holy water. The doors open and close, the mirror breaks, there is sudden thunder and your bed rises from the floor. After he approaches Dunning and the two go down the stairs, the spirit comes out of it and guess who? Well, Borg the family mongrel! The demon dog turns to Adrian and chews it a bit before impaling him on a fire poker. Then we have one of the most irritating final shots ever made to film. Leila is on the floor and goes from her horrible aspect to her normal sexy state. But then there is ANOTHER time lapse effect that seems to suggest that the demon has possibly re-entered his body. It is so badly done, that really has no idea what to do about it, which is the final slap for anyone who has realized that he has lost an hour and a half in this useless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, 1 out of 10 is.
