... You can not separate her from the path exactly, because she is old; and if you were being charitable, you could say that the heavy gait with which he wanders is not really his fault. However, in these circumstances, it is often difficult not to get irritated when you find yourself dragging your heels in your wake. The same goes for "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that is thus mainly an obstacle because the place is completely wrong; Something like showing your 'breakdance' skills at a grandfather's funeral. <br /> <br /> To further expand the metaphor (perhaps recklessly!); Like the old woman, one begins to feel with the set-up of the film that her disappearance can not be far away. Indeed, this 'death' in particular continues in an agonizing manner, slowly reducing our reserves of empathy in small increments, as we realize that the procedures only go in one direction: downhill. His laborious attempts at "humor" can be seen a mile away, once again, unlike the bleak inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Returning once again to the image of 'dragging the heels', the main character, Tom, is shown to repeat this action incessantly throughout his life. If in fact there are degrees of "pathetic", then this sap is possibly very good ahead of the other role of Schwimmer, the most famous. Finding yourself in the awkward position of having to align the audience's sympathies with a character even MORE "clueless" than Ross is certainly a difficult question even for a comic actor as "capable" as Schwimmer, but I think he can find faults in himself same. Log in to some 'eco' situations seriously in the first place. <br /> <br /> How will you escape from your most famous performance if you choose scripts where the characters could almost be 'interchangeable', even if the situations are not 't? A man with a long experience in high school with someone he has not seen in years. Sounds familiar... ? Paltrow is nothing else if she is not insipid in her role as "Rachel", but all this in the old terrain would perhaps be pardonable if the remarkable DIFFERENCES present were not so incongruous as well. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn that it is shabby, and the "backdrop" is so inadequate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting film is as something "rigid" ...! 2/10.
