This British-Spanish co-production is one of the countless films shot in Spain as a result of the unexpected phenomenal success enjoyed by Italian Western "Spaghetti" and, as is typical of the efforts of this genre, it presents an eclectic variety of established and emerging styles. international stars: Robert Shaw, Telly Savalas, Stella Stevens, Martin Landau, Fernando Rey, Michael Craig, Al Lettieri, Dudley Sutton, Antonio Mayans, etc. Ironically, however, this incoherent mess of a film serves as a shining example of why most of the American film genres became an extinct race in the 1970s and today is practically (or is it officially ?) extinct. <br /> <br /> I really wanted to like this movie, not only because the western is one of my favorite movie types, but also because it had all the qualities, including an intriguing premise, to be a good one, for not mention the fact that my father had bought a paperback edition of the A TOWN CALLED BASTARD novel after its original version. to ease! As it is, the only virtue of the film (if it can be called that) is its pure eccentricity: for example, Stevens, who is a widow in search of revenge against the man who betrayed her revolutionary husband, sleeps inside a coffin (!) driven around in a carriage by his mute servant (?) Sutton; Savalas, as a renegade thirsty for blood, who at first seems to be the main villain of the film, is sent unceremoniously by his own henchman Lettieri very early in the picture; The villain of the piece, then, turns out to be Landau, who, in the first scene of the film, looks back and forth at our legendary hero turned priest Shaw. Fernando Rey, who plays with a blind peasant, is the only one who can identify the rebel Shaw who, in the end, turned out to be simply a front for ... well, it does not matter! As you can see, the plot is very confusing and it becomes strange from there! The production team responsible for this film was also behind other Western rates in the same period of time, such as CUSTER OF THE WEST (1967), BAD MAN'S RIVER (1971), CAPTAIN APACHE (1971) and PANCHO VILLA (1972).
