I am surprised by the amount of praise that is accumulated in this film by other commentators. For me it was more of a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, the fantasy and internal confusion of the main character does not work at all (in Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse Five book and even in the George Roy Hill adaptation for the screen that makes ). Credibility is often overloaded. Too many questions are open. Did I miss some central points? Or could not I see the lines that supposedly connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A child named Campbell, Jr., grows in the state of New York. At home, his father has many commercial technical papers and a book. He has photographs of heaps of corpses in him. The boy flips through the book, his dad does not like him to do that. What should you tell me? The family moves from the state of New York to Berlin. EXPLOSION. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theatrical playwright. What kind of works does he write? In what language? Is successful? His wife is an actress and she looks glamorous. Parents return to the United States and invite their child to do the same. He does not. Why? Because having grown up in Germany feels more German than American? Why is it successful? Because his wife is? Because he likes his life there? Why do you like Nazis? Because he's just lazy and does not like the change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Possibly, the man simply does not care, he is not interested in politics, he is a kind of existentialist. He says he is deeply in love with his wife. He talks about his Republic of Two (which means he and his wife). There is little or no evidence that shows his love for his wife in the film, it seems much more a Republic of One. <br /> <br /> At the request of an American agent, Campbell, Jr., agrees to issue against the anti-Semite . Nazi hate propaganda to American listeners as a device to transmit encrypted messages to US authorities reading between the lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on a park bench in Berlin is brief, it is not exciting and it is anti-climatic, the decision to follow the game is quite easy and without explanation, the promotion to the station seems to be uneventful and apparently fast <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., performing on the air as the last free American. The scheme for transmitting secret messages is quite realistic and exciting, although one wonders what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, hiccup, etc. (Must have mixed the messages terribly). Anyway, the Nazis lose, the wife dies (doing a tour in the Crimea by the German troops: I never heard such tours really happened on the German front lines in World War II), Campbell, Jr. says it's going to the Russian front but he does not go, he is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (how is that possible?), is dragged to a tourist route in Auschwitz, then is liberated and resettled with the help of the Crucial Agent somewhere in the New York City. <br /> <br /> AND THIS IS WHERE THE HISTORY REALLY STARTS <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on it's like a story by Paul Auster. It is the year 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in a New York building as a state and regrets the loss of his wife. Nobody really cares, or them? Yes, somehow they do, and their neighbors offer some kind of distraction. Auschwitz survivors. A painter. Some American supremacists "discover him and want him to be his decorative figure." They even find his alleged dead wife for him, or is she his wife? Anyway, in the end, Campbell, Jr., calls the Israeli consulate, and they give him the criminal treatment of the Great War and place it in the cell adjacent to that of Adolf Eichmann.He writes the history of his life and, once this task is finished, hangs on the tapes of the typewriter without soaking up at all. <br /> <br /> While I can see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I just had the impression that the main character is a person who at all times is quite indifferent to everything and barely able to love It was difficult for me to sympathize with this loser who regrets his loss.Surprisingly, many critics focus on his status as a potential war hero, having put his reputation for playing the last American Free game on the line. This took a lot of courage. In fact, however, the film suggests that by accepting the assignment, Campbell created for himself a win-win situation, since he would have been politically on the safe side no matter who had won the war. The danger of being discovered never arises during the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> One could argue, that the whole story is a dream fantasy and that no one should bother with the historical accuracy or the logical development of The Story that explains it all. But even then it fails to make a point, mainly, I suspect, because the love story in the Republic of the Two is completely flat. It's a shame, especially if you consider that the wife was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has too little screen time and is forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another aspect that has been somewhat neglected are the different texts (confession, transmission and hidden messages), but I suppose that this is practically impossible to filter. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
