I will keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it. Budget low budget, not funny, lousy. Acting is not as bad as writing, but it is still bad. That's all you need to know, but I'll continue to write more than necessary. <br /> <br /> This is a movie with three segments, each one parodying another type of movie. A MUCH more fun movie with this exact idea is "Movie Film", with George C. Scott. Very dark, but it's worth looking for. MM parodied the films of the 1930s, and he did it with elegance, precision and dry wit. <br /> <br /> This movie did not do it. Parody three types of movies, supposedly in the late 70's, early 80's, only that it is a parody of films that (almost) I've never heard of. The first is, I suppose, a parody of "Kramer Vs. Kramer," in a way. Peter Reigert does everything possible with a very poor script. The second is a parody of, I do not know what ... a Danielle Steele novel? I mean, you might see a story like this on Lifetime TV, but at a movie theater? I mean, I remember the 70s, I was there. This is a parody of the kind of a soap opera about a young woman who seeks to go to power. These kinds of things usually parody themselves, so I do not see how this was necessary. <br /> <br /> We are in a bit easier terrain with the third segment, "Los municipales", which parodies police films. I noticed elements of "The New Centurians" and something of "Dirty Harry", that were almost 10 years old when the film was created. Yes, beautiful and current. Robby Benson plays the young idealist (over-the-top wimpy) while Richard Widmark plays the gray-haired veteran policeman who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! By my side! is drinking alcohol in the police car! irreverent!) Note that this was the first movie after "Animal House" to have the name "National Lampoon" attached. Wow. Go in five years from that classic movie to this pile of manure is not surprising. I could continue for hours on the sad decline that caused one of the most avant-garde and original voices of American humor (which would be National Lampoon, the original magazine for the first 10 years or so) to be sold and begin a long, slow slide into a world of trash, where now the magazine no longer exists and only exists as a brand to slap low-budget "comedy" movies for a fee. Another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) stinks so much. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie is a very serious moment. Do not waste your 90 minutes. I want mine back. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in it!
