I chuckled a few times during this movie. I laughed out loud during the notarial delivery of the delivery of the margarine company (pun). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first is supposed to be a parody of "the woman 'grows up and throws career films." The Tampax® box was the most fun in this segment. Most of the cast members are not listed here in IMDb. They are the lucky ones. Few other people will be able to relate this to the ruin of their careers as an actor. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a parody of "the Sharkish woman sleeps to the top and takes control of great movies in the industry." Robert Culp has several fun moments, all physical humor, including the aforementioned delivery. After his character dies, the segment sinks more and more as Dominique Corsaire rises higher and higher. When she became First Lady, I wanted to pull the cable out of the television and look at "snow." I switched to Pakistani music videos instead. I do not understand Urdu, nor the language in which the videos were found. It was still better to listen to the dialogue in this painfully boring "story". <br /> <br /> Then came the "municipalists" with the * big * stars, half of them on the screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner , Richard Widmark and ... * Robby Benson. * It is supposed to be a parody of "Young police teams with old movies and substance abuse that need to be removed * bad * movies." The horizontal flash bar in the police car is very impressive. RTD, and a sign for the Shell service station, and an American Savings sign, since none of them is around. "Nagurski" Never stop anywhere, you may have to get out of the car "made me smile momentarily. boring that is the young policeman, a lot, back and forth about how boring he is, that was as boring as this description of how boring he is, Law Number Four of Nagurski, "Never enter a music store that has been cut with an acetylene torch, "it made me think that the music store is a real deal in the real location that the dispatcher gave him." Thinking about that was more interesting than the configuration of the gag that He continued, Young Falcone (Benson) is shot. Much. He becomes a hardened policeman like Nagurski. The segment goes on. Unceasingly. And in. It will not stop It keeps advancing relentlessly, no matter how many times you wish it had already "died", so this will end. He does not go on and on and on ... Then there's an episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" that I've seen four times already. Thank God! This abysmal movie ended when I went to receive the mail.
