If the term itself had no geographical or semantic meaning, one could refer to "Ned Kelly" as an "Australian Westerner". For the people of Down, Ned Kelly was, apparently, a bandit folk hero similar to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. Kelly, a descendant of Irish immigrants, became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was imprisoned. To return to the government for this abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other companions became notorious bank robbers, earning the hearts of many people in the countryside while beating justice in a land where Irish immigrants were often treated with lack of respect and disdain on the part of those who ran the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we have encountered this scenario of "bandits of knights" so many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and unoriginal. It pays homage to any number of stereotypes and clichés of the genre on its way to the inevitable confrontation. Ned is the typical offender of the law of the heart of gold who kills only when forced to do so and, even so, only with the deepest repentance. He also has the pulse of ordinary people, like when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the clients, after one of his gang has stolen so little. Which film on this particular subject has not presented a scene like that? Of course, it is acts of selective generosity like this that win him the love and respect of all the small people who come to secretly admire anyone who can avoid adhering to the powers and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush interprets the typical malefactor of the law who feels a personal interest in overthrowing this upstart upstart who keeps escaping with the adjustment of the establishment. There is even the inevitable episode in which one of the detained ladies goes to the next room and has sex with one of the thieves, so she becomes excited when she finds herself in the romantic environment of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is full of a trite scene like this. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does not distinguish himself in the lead role, which provides little substance to make his character interesting or attractive. It does not help that he has been forced to provide a voice-over narration that emphasizes the sanctity and pretension of both the character and the film. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" could fulfill a role of this kind. as a lesson in the history of Australia, but as entertainment, it is the same story that has different accents.
