I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the exaggerations of worship. It turns out, the first movie of the new entrepreneur Eli Roth, is a regular effort with the fall of IQ points as the film progresses. There are worse movies out there, and probably more bloody ones (although I'm not sure how the hype got to be so high in the blood count for the hostel, there's a good amount for the fans of the genre here). However, the premise is not necessarily bad either: the children go to a cabin during a week of partying, only to meet a very sick man, covered in blood, who was set on fire in a panic. He ends up dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon all the characters succumb to the carnivorous virus in one way or another. The characters, whether the main college kids (including Rider Strong as the hero and James DiBello as the silly sidebar) or the people from the 'village' of support are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully. <br /> <br /> As they face their destiny, the townspeople become quite rare, and it seems they do not come together sensibly without much laughter; 'Pancakes kid' comes out of nowhere, and maybe it was more fun in another movie or by itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie, it just does not work. There is also a young police character who is even more foolish and less convincing than the others. And the family that persecutes DiBello after an incident has some possibilities that have not been realized. But all the time, Roth throws his script with common sense out the window and suddenly scares and gets scared with people who pirate each other and a killer dog wanders around. Which is not all for no. Now, unlike Troma's minor horror films or even those of the 70's or 80's, for which I'm sure Roth is a big fan, he does not make it invincible. It is also smart to have no explanation of where the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But unlike those movies, he also does not have a good idea of ​​what makes it a great moment of horror. His film tries, of course, and only once or twice makes it a silly and bloody moment (I liked the random bunny that Strong sees while on the stretcher). Most of the time it is not even badly shot (although with its own artificial style options and the red tint in the lens or that story with the bowler). It simply contains a lot of scenarios and illogical decisions made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and points to a fairly typical terrain. If that's your cup of tea, more power for you. But in the end I discovered that it was not really an exceptional genre territory that does not offend the sensibility of the audience like Saw, but neither does it lean towards the fence like an intelligent serial film. Roth also has the temerity to finish the film with a real note of 'what the hell', since the employee of the Santa Claus bearded convenience store from before in the film serves a group of black people. It could work if you follow it with something better, or if you let it fall completely. The same could be said for much of the movie. DO-
