The premise of Cabin Fever begins as if it COULD have something to offer. A group of college teens after the finals (in the fall?) Goes to a cabin in a forest in the forest where, one by one, they are attacked by an invisible virus that eats meat. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote movie quality element stops. Cabin Fever is little more than college kids who look for sex, drink alcohol, talk nonstop and see how many F-bombs can go in 1:40 minutes or as long as this mess is. <br /> <br /> Children act and react stupidly to everything around them. One of them, for example, discovers that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? She continues to shave her legs and does not get proper medical attention for her injuries. The scene is little more than disgusting. In another scene, Rider Strong from "Boy Meets World" is bitten in the hand by a child who only says "Pancakes" and likes to kick karate to those who sit next to him. If you can find out the reason why the child "Pancakes" was included, I would love to know. Anyway, Rider caresses a wild dog and goes to wash his hand bitten in a stream probably contaminated. Another child likes to throw F-bombs by reacting to everything around him and firing squirrels. Why? Your conjecture is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the ONLY child with some recognition in this movie. Try to calm people down between screaming and shouting and F *** Y **! Bombs that people are throwing. When children are not screaming, they are having or talking about sex or talking nonsense to other adult characters that are MORE (if possible) idiots than children. The idiot cop with an IQ of 60 at best can be one of the worst acting jobs I've seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play with a full deck, this idiot does not even know how to find the cards! Haha I was like, "Please, shut up now ?!" It makes children actors look like geniuses! The only part I liked was the terrifying story of Rider (although bloody) about the deranged bowler. In the interviews, Rider said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be going for little more than shock and gore. There are too many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get credit. I would like to be able to agree with Rider and find something nice about this movie. Maybe the autumn landscape in the beginning? Actually, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being a 1! With luck, he was compensated for this crap!
