I really do not know if Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's much closer to being a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of creators of horror films decided to take a new step and make fun of the genre, giving rise to the Scream series. A list was given in Scream, of all the stupid things that horror movie characters do that are predictable, and Scream's characters ended up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led hoping that horror films from now on would show a little different, whether full of irony towards the genre, they made fun of themselves towards the film itself, or at least different in its dramatic process than all the films "ancient" that responded to the same tired criteria. Seeing "Cabin Fever", unfortunately, many will see how unoriginal, serious, pretentious, boring and even fearless, some supposedly "terrifying" movies are now, even a few years later. First, this film lacks originality in a way that few do. It has been said several times, how little imagination terror directors have today, remaking remakes of foreign sequels, but placing the film in a cabin in the woods simply does not seem to be a "homage" to anything, it seems to be simply a scam . Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors in the history of the film will not be: once again, we are dealing with a film whose characters are in their early twenties, who will not think rationally when confronted with a problem, rather argue for hours and starts fights trying to think and do something about it. There is not much emotion there either. For the umpteenth time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, make love and, basically, have fun, all kinds of things that do not really make them different from any other victim of the horror movie that has been seen before. Second, this movie is somewhat imaginative. Each situation in which the characters are found, each dialogue, each situation of the film is treated with such seriousness that any spectator with a bit of mockery will be relieved when some characters finally end up dying. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or performed shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is quite surprising, since the film is about an invisible virus that has never been heard of eating meat (no laughter) , please). . I'm not even going to mention the acting, since there are no actors in this movie. The cast was hired as friends or neighbors of the director. Third, and this will hit anyone who has seen a "good" horror movie before, the script is absolutely empty. Actually nothing happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense, neither in the facts, nor in the psychology of the characters, not even in the last sequence of the film, which is probably hilarious It's supposed to be fun according to the director and the screenwriters. In the end, I will only mention that a horror movie should have something of fear. Gallons of fake blood, whether they are being vomited, expelled from severed limbs or simply dripping from wounds, were never enough to scare a hearing. Important features such as the script, ideas and even cruelty are requested for those who say they have fired something terrifying. If I did not consider it a total failure, I would agree that the film has a talent: it's disgusting to watch. However, being disgusted and being afraid are two very different feelings, let him know. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone who is curious or interested to watch this movie to watch the oldest horror films first. Why not the 60s, 70s, 80s, movies made by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... not only gives a good definition of what which is frightening, or selfish horror, but also convinces viewers that "new" is not necessarily "better". A good example related to the film are the few songs that the composer Angelo Badalamenti provided for this film, although they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are below anything he has ever done before.
