Anyone who has read my review of "Alone In The Dark" by Uwe Boll will remember that I compared the unenviable task of sitting through that piece of human waste to remove each and every one of the hairs from the arm. Well, take that analogy one step further with this incomparable channel trash and try to imagine the pain of having your teeth extracted without novacaine. Do that, and you will have a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is all about. <br /> <br /> I never believed that a film would be able to overcome the mere agony that Uwe Boll produces. as the "worst movie ever made". But, in all honesty, I have to say that "cabin fever" is very close. This is another sad excuse for a movie that has absolutely no valid reason to meet with any form of theatrical premiere. For someone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth, he has created the most annoying and complicated mosaic of a movie that I think I've seen in my entire life. How do you ruin a story like this? Think of the potential that this plot would have had without the badly written characters, without the bad writing and without all that unnecessary and graceless comedy. A film about a grotesque meat-eating virus could and should have been much better than what Roth offered us here. This script failed on many levels with me. And, although I do not doubt the evident talent that this director possesses, I do know that he lost the ball in a big way in an idea that could very well have redefined the horror genre. <br /> <br /> To say that this was a production of missed opportunities would in fact be a gross play of words. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects can not even save it, and that is an element that I normally use. There really was not anything about the "cabin fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three quarters of the crowd leaves the theater in half, you know that the movie is sinking fast. My best advice for those who read this would be to simply rent before buying. One visit was more than enough for me to know that I would most likely never bother again.
