Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror thread, "The Fear" will find more things to be disappointed with in this silly little sequel. It follows a kind of similar plot, but it is impossible to connect it with the original one, with the exception of the presence of Morty, the wooden mannequin monster. Here is a brief general description. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) witnesses how his father brutally murdered his mother and then committed suicide, Mike still suffers from the fear of that day. Hoping to rid his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a group of friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is for everyone to put on costumes that represent their fears and then present fears to the Morty mannequin. According to an Indian friend, this process is supposed to magically remove fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is possessed by the spirit of his father, and begins to kill friends ... or is it really the same Mike who is committing the murders? Who cares? <br /> <br /> I have some problems with this movie. The first one meets Morty. I thought the original made Morty look pretty convincing. This time, it is painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake suit. This can be seen especially in the early scenes, where Morty is supposed to still be inanimate, but if you look closely, you can see him blinking. Another problem is that most characters do not try hard enough. Some of them do it, namely, Betsy Palmer, on Friday the 13th, which was excellent in this movie. But most of them do not make the effort or did not have the opportunity. Finally, there are the murders. The initial scenes of ax murders were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them I thought a good movie was waiting for me. When the second half of the movie arrives, and the murders really begin, everything collapses. Deaths can be non-creative, invisible or planned (flashes of the next scene, since Currie has a blackout). A character dies in the end and nobody, not even the spectator, realizes. While more characterization was needed in the initial half, it was not so bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel came to this point and really did not know how to film the violent scenes, so they turned out to be very careless and pedestrian. A silly ending does not help either. Therefore, unless you really love the original and enjoy tearing splinters from under your skin, you should probably skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night." Zanatos score: 4 out of 10.
