Attack Force has a horrible title, and almost certainly can be judged by its horrible cover, because the movie is horrible! A mixture of tracings, a choppy mess and a horribly stagnant rhythm make the film difficult to see from beginning to end. I achieved this and I am proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly from his old days), it is painful to see him starring in such calluses. The last half dozen films of True's Seagal, more or less, have sucked a lot, but some of them, at least, had some redeeming characteristics. The force of attack is a disaster. From conception to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from an alien plot to the current on a highly addictive super drug, about to be unleashed in Romanian (the film has several scenarios, none of which is Romanian, but they all look like Romania because they are in Romania! The film is stuck with little attention because of the state of the original script, the plot holes and the loose ends abound in the film, that's for sure. problem in the latest Seagal films, but the result has never been so boring.There is a whole story about the water supply being poisoned with CTX (that's the great name of drugs) that never resolves! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the plot has not been the main attraction in the Canon of Seagal, so there was a great responsibility in the other departments, especially in the action. Consider the action, all the other departments are poor. Management is poor, or perhaps better said, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally thought about this movie? Between him finishing his work, the repetitions of the expert Tom Delmar and editing, a coherent author's vision is completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it is in the whole store! The cinematography is boring, almost induces sleep, while the score of droning (which sounds as if it had occurred in the cheapest of cheap synthesizers) does nothing to excite matters. The cast is also poor, unable to save anything here. Seagal seems boring beyond recognition, and it bends in much of the image, clearly when the plot points are being changed. He looks tired and overweight, and lethargic, unlike what has been seen in the previous photos (the notable thing is that the most important complaints mentioned in the recent photos of Seagal). The only cast member that can be redeemed is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains, making a slimy British routine. It seems to be a throwback to the alien plot, because it is playing inhuman. It seems a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire (ditto of the main villain played by a hot girl who appears on the occasion, apparently waiting for her husband, Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally, the action. Good is poor Mal conceived, badly thrown away. There is not much, much less with Seagal. Stevo does not really get double here, because there is very little to do. There's even a long (repetitive and boring) action scene in the hour mark that is occasionally interspersed with little glimmers of Seagal's position because clearly Seagal was not there while the scene was filmed, and they wanted him to appear in the scene. Seagal action finally appears in person to shoot two guys in the head. Seagal has a producer credit here and a script credit, but from what I understand, the film has been modified behind his back to the current state in which he is. Apparently, Seagal will not work with these people again or with the Castel Studio studios. horrible sub-Nu-Image (which is saying something), material. <br /> <br /> In general, this is one to avoid if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be sure knowing that the big man probably will not want to do anything so bad again. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been shot, with the same people, promises to be even worse than this. *
