I rented this because I'm a little tired of the NBC programming of the 80s and apparently I saved a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and, for their credit, they do a good job, but this show is flawed from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a character who is unpleasant. It is full of flaws, it is not illuminated and it is a complete idiot on a good day. However, the reason why someone should worry is simply not there. While the creation of an American comedy centered around an imbecile complete bullhead is revolutionary and full of potential, it simply is not here within this program. Most of the secondary characters are not completely carnal characters, but rather sad punching bags that want the empathy of the public for being sandbags. As in any situation comedy, they are the ones that become more normal for the audience to relate to, and in doing so, they deny the main character to the point of seeing that Bittinger is himself and hurts people and they stay there because ....why? There is no reason. Any normal person would have simply stopped the abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason, even the really incredible one given by Joanna Cassidy in the very special episode of abortion in two parts that has its own main problems, is where the program simply falls apart. The simple fact of believing that people support it because they tell us that it has a heart of gold does not fit with the reality of the situation. In any case, this is not even dramatic. This is a misconceived premise, conceived and executed that had some moments but in general fulfilled the destiny that it deserved. Someone had the guts to go out and do a very good idea, but the execution is so reckless that it only looks like a weird version of the Jerry Springer script where someone is abused by this tyrant we're supposed to cheer because He tells us that we do it A program like this requires a skillful touch that the actors here could easily have provided, but somehow they can not. And that is a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Join a program in your childhood. In any case, the show is worth a watch. But it really was ruined when he tried to aim at the stars, and he made the whole company not what it could have been.
