Going down as the most expensive film in Finnish history, to date, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with an extremely Lynchian narrative that tells an increasingly decrepit series of "Floors" (ironically) in an abandoned hospital, in that our protagonists are trapped. Directed by an autistic daughter and her father, disenchanted himself with the apparent lack of medical progress of the hospitals with his daughter, they make their way in an elevator discussing the issue with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated bum, the collective will soon find the abandoned complex, but they are not alone. Directed by the Finnish Pete Riski, best known for his television work, "Dark Floors" was filmed in English, and mainly uses English actors, but has the notable inclusion of possibly the most famous Finnish group "Lordi" (winners of the contest of Eurovision songs 2006) as themselves, that is, in their monstrous costumes on stage, as antagonists of the films, however, despite all this, production fails where it is most needed, by convincing the audience. <br /> <br /> Any movie that has its use as a main character. The phrase "is too quiet" is already on a dubious path, and this horror influenced by Lordi does not break that convention. Despite all the good ideas included in the mix, there are a handful of mature clichés on the side and, what's worse, everything that is interesting in an original way has not developed enough to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially very ominous and provides a sense of inevitability, as the audience is aware that people trapped in the hospital must move further in the mud. However, there is not enough environment created to scare and intimidate the public in the face of unknown fear, the viewer is aware that the trip will become increasingly dangerous, as the levels degenerate from bright white to hellish black, but I do not believe Characters are aware enough of this fact to be threatening. In addition, the whole film that develops into what is essentially its own time bubble is, again, a very nice touch, a concept that is not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not face the same situation with enough fear and fear when they stumble In this fact, they continue with their business too easily and without genuine enough concern for the idea of ​​meaning something to the audience. Initially, these good ideas are only left to waste, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many of the ideas used in the film) had these thoughts, but could not agree or decide how to use them better. And as such, they lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> However, despite all the frustration, there are large amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons that the creators would have expected. Too much is a cliché, too much is recycled and too much is simply ridiculous. While the protagonist is amicably played by Noah Huntley, the characters are simple cardboard cutouts that have stuck in the history of other movies. We have a leader who does everything possible to protect his daughter along with a love interest developed clunkily. Accompanying the "couple" we have the traditional black man as a tough security guard, with the almost infinite clip for his weapon, and a very incredulous businessman just in search of himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, is the introduction of Lordi's cast as the creatures of the night tormenting our errant band of misfits, but not for them who appear as themselves. What makes a horror movie scare the audience is contextualize fear. "The Shining" is scary because it is a member of your own family that harasses you, in "Dawn Of The Dead" it is our mutual fear and the primal cannibalism and the irrational thought patterns that the zombies possess, in "Alien" it is explained the fear. , the creature is rationalized and in "Dark Floors" there is nothing like that. It may be unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you do, you notice that it pales significantly and that the aggressors feel nothing more than like demented Klingons where you can almost see the zipper of the costumes they wear, without accumulating. of any environment "Lordi" is simply not scary. <br /> <br /> It's exasperating because we all encourage the homeless and hope they do well, you want the smaller productions to say that they can create the same quality of The movie as "Hollywood" occurs much like George A Romero's, but it does not always materialize. I enjoyed the movie and I did not feel like I had lost the ninety minutes I had just sat down, but I felt that I was enjoying it on a completely empty level as if nothing that had happened to me mattered or affected me subconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt that the almost Lynchian narrative was a more prominent point, but it vanishes into nothingness. Why it happened? What does that mean? Are you going to go through all this again? Without even the slightest idea of ​​what will happen, the film is simply disconcerting to try to be artistic. Was the entire sequence of events real or was it simply a sequence of dreams? Had the autistic girl seen the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and simply had a very strange nightmare given the stress to which she was subjected? Who knows? And, unfortunately, I can not raise the energy to even worry. "Dark Floors" is an exasperating experience that, although ultimately, has an inconspicuous surface design and, at a minimum, shows a great deal of creative energy on the part of Mr. Lordi, who should perhaps seek to work only to develop your ideas. It's something that the fans of the group or the genre should perhaps pursue, but they will leave it feeling abandoned because they do not have enough light on the situation.
