Well, when it comes to credit (if you can say you have one), Timothy Hines managed to capture the original configuration of the outstanding novel by H.G. Wells. But apart from that, well, to call shovel a shovel, it sucks big. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the presumed budget of $ 20 million dollars! Timothy Hines really makes Mr. Wood, who was an imperfect genius anyway, look like the best filmmaker of all time. The special effects (I guess I would call them that) do not even meet the standards of computer games. The acting is, well, maybe about the theater of the comparable dinner, and the accents are atrocious. At the risk of appearing offensive, much of the performance of the main male characters is (especially poor Ogilvy), well, ahem. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy makes footsteps and ruffles over the fake English countryside, waving his white asbestos handkerchief as if it were heat-resistant armor. Hey, the Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also had impeccable white armor, and it did not work either, they were still attacked. Even when Ogilvy and Company are fried with the "heat ray" of the Martians (?), They fly and get into some kind of strange dance, even when they are theoretically DEAD and reduced to skeletons, which persist in improper dances and twists. Maybe Timothy Hines rented the skeletons to Ray Harryhausen and left him "Jason And The Argonauts". Or was it "Josie and the kittens"? I dont know. The soldiers, presumably because they are 'military', all seem to explode quite unconvincingly, like the soldier on crutches and his unfortunate companions who carry the stretcher just beyond him. Woohoo! I loved! But all the 'soldiers' seemed to be fascist troops of the Spanish Civil War, or Comandos Boer (which would be more or less correct for the period, maybe that was a bit of subtle subtlety on the part of that evil genius Hines?). Oddly enough, Curate's character looks exactly as he drew in the original illustrations of Warwick Goble, and also fulfills the most compelling work of acting. Oh yeah. Do not forget the thunder child. In the book, the warship is described as an armored torpedo-ram. It was MEANS RAM of the enemy ships. However, his bow was wrinkled after ramming the Martian War Machines built with Tinker-Toy, with a small jagged hole in the forepeak, and she sank. A warship as robust as THUNDERCHILD could have hit the TITANIC and survived, but I think the Royal Navy was subject to the same restrictions of the lower bidders as our own Army. All the disguises are bad, especially the uniforms of the British army and the police, made mostly with the USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in an obvious tribute to Western Films Of Yore, has obviously put his film on Wild Western England, because all its pilots wear Western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mixture of some kind of Scottish regional accent used by the Macabre Clan, and the magically delicious Irish accents of Malarky County. With regard to credit, and contrary to what a critic wrote, the only genuine and authentic characteristic of this Thing is artillery. The weapons do not come from the Civil War, but in my opinion, the investigations are like authentic boots of Rifled Breach of nine or 12 British pounds, perfectly authentic for the period. This was the ammunition shown being used. But the Gunner, who is a conductor of the Horse Artillery, was not shown correctly handling his flexibility. Do not sit in the frigging limber box and drive a weapons team, you ride on the horses on the nearby wheels. The opening, using what I think is a recording of the authentic era, is fine, and the score is not bad. However, as far as I know, Weybridge has never had a clandestine movement, and he certainly did not do it in 1898. <br /> <br /> But as I grow up reading this novel, I am very disappointed. Even more disappointed than when he was in the loaded version of special effects of Spielberg, with a million dollars. Maybe his version would have benefited by changing Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but I'll leave it for now: I wish someone would make a GOOD version of "War Of The Worlds" that is true to the original. Timmy's vision is fine for a high school film class, or maybe I should say pretentiously stupid for a college-level film student, and so bad, that it's the best I can say about this, but that's it . Oh yeah. Where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I'd like to hear your comments! I suspect that Timbo "Orson Wood", Hines' impressive film masterpiece, could be the risk director's ticket to cult stardom, because I must confess that it is a guilty pleasure to see this movie, something I did not do. Anyway, I paid for a friend who burned me a copy of DVD, without any malicious intent I could determine. I must add here that I thought that the abbreviated and abbreviated version of Blackmoon was not only a great improvement, but also an absolute pleasure, hysterically funny (in a good way) to see. I find it hard to see Master Timbo's version after Blackmoon. Keep it up, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE", now. Just wait for the hand of a teacher like you! And all of you, heads, snobs who hated Cloverfield? FORGET THIS. YOU CAN NOT DO TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY BY SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS! HEY GETS A LIFE! TIMBO IS WORSE THAN WOOD'S MASTER! IT IS NOT A JOKE!
