Lordi was a big hype and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a metal song (not so heavy) called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dressed as horrible monsters. But, let's face it, his victory probably had very little to do with his great musical talents. The Eurovision contest gradually became a great political circus over the years and it is likely that Lordi just won because his song finally brought a small change and ... And most importantly, because his whole act of naive way faked the entire annual event. The last absolute thing that Lordi's first horror film (and, hopefully, the last one) brings with it is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on an idea of ​​the lead singer and starring the rest of the band in supporting roles, is an accumulation of really unimaginative and desperate clichés. The immense budget ("Dark Floors" is supposedly the most expensive Finnish film in history) definitely secures a lot of macabre pieces and impressive make-up, but what is the point where there is not a story worth telling? The film takes place in a busy hospital where a group of people, including a father and his young daughter with an unidentifiable illness, are trapped in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors open again, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. Trying to get to the exit, the group encounters several morbid and inexplicable obstacles, like corpses without eyes, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters that emerge from the floors. The only three points I give to "Dark Floors" are intended exclusively for the stage and the appropriate tension during the first half of the movie. While the sinister events do not require an explanation, the environment is quite scary, but as soon as you realize that the explanation a) will be very stupid or b) will never come, the healthy simply collapses like an unstable house of letters. Lordi's wardrobe was never really scary to begin with (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans) and, in combination with a story that is more reminiscent of Asian ghost horror, they are downright pathetic and maladjusted. With all the national myths and truly unique outdoor filming locations, I personally always boasted Finland. The land of the thousand lakes? It would be the ideal breeding ground for potentially horrific horror stories, but I suppose that is another disappointment on my part.
