I just lost three hours of my life because of this parody, and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I had read the comments and listened to the warnings, and thought that I was prepared for anything, at best, a faithful (albeit mistaken) attempt at an original adaptation; in the worst case, such a "Plan 9" is bad for the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy at Walmart while I was in Florida and brought it back to the UK, I joked with my friends: "Get ready for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel karma. There is absolutely NOTHING to recommend this movie. The "special" effects resemble the work of a first-year design student using a Spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, the accents are WORSE than terrible (the accent of an artillery man seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland), the dialogue is forced, the editing does not exist , The production values ​​show that no expenses have been spent. Words really can not describe how bad this movie is; From the flag of the Union flying from the horrible CGI'd Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the white flag, NOT the flag of the Union) to the performance of the wooden worms, this is simply a crime against the making of films. When you consider some of the literally zero budget fanatical movies that are available on the net (for example, the short Star Wars "Troops"), the whole "we are enthusiastic enthusiast" argument disappears from the window. And if you believe in an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie had a budget of 8 figures! I can only assume that facial hair is not cheap in the US. UU Maybe the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a movie of the book, instead of turning the book into a movie (if that makes any sense). Characters and extras emit text fragments literally without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Ironically, the ONLY person who even came close to giving a decent performance was Darlene Sellers, the former soft porn actress. My advice? Pray as crazy that Jeff Wayne does not ruin, and go see the version of Spielberg. It may not be true to the text of the book, but I can say this; As a lifelong fan of HG Wells (and also of English), Speilberg's film IS faithful to the spirit of the book. Maybe the customs were wrong to let me take this monster to the country, but I'll say this: Timothy Hines stole me three hours of my life, and I want them to come back.
