One of Carry On's weakest adventures sees Sid James as the head of a criminal gang that steals contraceptive pills. The fourth part of the series, to be hospitable, is possibly the least important in the genre. There is a curiously flat feeling in everything, with everything seemingly wasted in material below average. This is far from the nadir of the late 70s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. all the participants of the class still do not have the support of a script equal to their capacity. <br /> <br /> Most of the gags are up and running, instead of being episodic like Carry Ons is. So instead of the traditional ratio of hits and misses, if you do not find the joke funny in the first place, you're left with most of the movie. These continuous lines of the plot include Williams? for no good reason? worrying that he is changing sex, and Kenneth Cope risky. Like the physical falls of Stagy, everything seems more artificial than in other films and has no interest in the cast. Continuing with this theme, the midwife lacks the usual play on words and innuendo, opting to a great extent for the characterization and the consequence to provide the humor. In fact, the somewhat childish series of misunderstandings and forced circumstances reminds us of Terry and June ... so it's appropriate that Terry Scott be present, mugging uselessly. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have a bit of old magic, like this one between Scott and Cope: "How about a drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touch it." "Oh, cigarette then?" "No, I never touch them." "That leaves only one thing to offer you." "I do not play that either." That said, while a funny man in his own right (animating the most boring episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) has no end), you do feel that Cope is not totally connected to the self parody of Carry On's idealization and that Bernard Bresslaw nurse dress would be much more fun. This really happens, in part, though only during the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams tries to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey hides in a closet, is a pure farce of drawers, but lacks the irony of carrying it off. That said, Williams' description of premarital sex is priceless: "You do not just go into the store and you buy enough for the whole room, you tear off a small strip and try it first!" "That may be so," Jacques counters, "but you're not going to hit me against a wall." Williams really comes alive in her scenes with Hattie, and you can never get bored of hearing a whistle when someone accidentally shows off her panties. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is not a bad movie by any means, just a crushing standard of swamps.
