I saw this film version of the classic novel by R.D. Blackmore as a substitute until the A & E version of 2001 was released on video. And what a poor substitution it turned out to be! <br /> <br /> This version does not have the authentic look of "I feel like I'm from the A & E movie." The actors are, for the most part, of wood (with Sean Bean the exception) and the "romance" seems forced and contrived. In fact, there are no kisses until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, as you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is neither mentioned nor extended. We do not have much information about Carver here, or as to why he has some (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film cuts out many of the key and interesting characters of the novel, such as counselor Doone and John's younger and sharp sister, Lizzie, who were crucial to the plot. The script itself lacks conviction. Political intrigue does not figure in the script either. The way Lorna was born with the Doones is not true to the original story. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (see confirmation from Gosford Park and King Arthur) but he is tasteless and stoic, and long hair (may have been a bad wig) just does not suit him !! !! Polly Walker is a charming and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also starred with Sean Bean), but it looks colorless and dull. She has a cold ache on her lip that makeup can not hide, and disguises do not seem authentic. The late Robert Stephens plays a respectable role as Sir Ensor Doone, although he only refers to Lorna as his favorite instead of his granddaughter, who is said to be in the book. Also, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's the makeup) and that the landscape is brown, cold, gray and arid, without so much trace of a sunny sky. I understand that it is located in the southwest of England, but there it is green and they get their sunlight! The representation of the character of Tom Faggus and his "death", which does not occur in the novel, further depresses the film. The only positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Although he does not even come close to representing Aidan Gillen in the movie A & E, Bean is a bad villain. In short, look at this only if you have some hours to kill, but do not expect anything exciting or that is true to the novel. See any other version (but I recommend the A & E movie) about this tired adaptation.
