It is true that I did not have many expectations of "Corky Romano". But, again, who did it? However, I felt that I deserved the benefit of the doubt. Nor did I have high hopes for "Joe Dirt," another recent comedy starring a member of the SNL cast, and I ended up pleasantly surprised. But this movie is as bad as you see in the previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor, contrary to what you might think after watching this movie, with a lot of energy. He has been in many hilarious SNL satires, and I think he is one of the most talented cast members in SNL so far. In this case, they have given him a meaningless and meaningless script and he tries to remedy each scene with his incessant robbery. Throughout each scene, try a lame act of Jerry Lewis and fail miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to perform this kind of physical comedy, not to mention that he worked much better in writing. Kattan simply looks like an ignorant fool with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He does not even wait for the auction; He assumes that we will all laugh once he starts jumping like a monkey in the crack. In one scene, it ends in a pull with a dog that has a packet of cocaine in its mouth. The package explodes and cocaine splashes everywhere. Go back to work, put in coke. Now, how are we supposed to laugh at the fact that he's acting hyperactive, when he does the same thing throughout the whole movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really good, Peter Berg is wasted in an ungrateful role and also Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, although he has some fun lines that I'm pretty sure he improvised. I hope Falk gets a decent movie soon. That's too much talent too much waste in a clunker like "Corky Romano". I also did not like Falk's latest movie, "Made," but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I chuckled several times, but I could not make myself laugh. Each clamp is made without sense of time or delivery. And it has been aggravated by the hammy performance of Kattan. And there are certain gags that are dragged vigorously. For example, when Kattan is about to vomit in the face of his two brothers. He stays there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get a fart and when he finally does it's a bit small. It is bad enough when you have a gag that is funny and drag it, but when you have a gag and take it out, it is much worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what those two Asian men are saying during an attack on drugs. I can keep talking about what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I'm not going to waste my time. As I said before, if you predicted bad things from the trailers, you predicted that you did. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
