Why is this movie so bad? Well, if being so stupidly annoying and without grace is a reason, then this movie is. The character of Corky Romano is, in the best of cases, unpleasant and, at worst, totally exasperating. The gags are predictable, but that is not what makes it bad. They are the kind of unpredictable jokes that your unhappy friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is about a good-mannered veterinarian who tries to do the right thing but who is very clumsy. His quiet life is thrown into a loop when the family that once rejected him now needs him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any trace of the family's crime story. However, it is not so easy for Corky because the FBI believes he is a super agent and links him to the duty of spying on his own family. There are setbacks and chaos, but in reality there does not seem to be any comical hijixn. Corky ends up in love with his beautiful FBI partner and has to clarify things with both the FBI and his family if he wants to return to a quiet life. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie Irritating is both the main actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limitations as an actor here, since his one-note slapstick routine falls roughly 10 minutes into the movie. It's okay to have a full movie based solely on the fool's humor and the slap. Will Ferrel, Kattan's partner in SNL, seems to have made a complete career. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to tone it down and trust other ways to tell a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a full movie that is just pure torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem with the movie was the lack of really original and funny jokes. The brother of the gay mob, the clumsy boy and the many other forgettable jokes do not seem as funny as the first time you barely laughed at them. It seems as if the writers had more fun writing this than anyone who has seen it. Even with a cast that has some comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that start are tired. There is no chemistry too. This movie was obviously one for the pockets for the actors. No body seemed to care, not even try. The sad thing is that no body said that to Chris Kattan.
