Although I had heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian movie of the decade, I saw it giving it a try; After all, the first director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler achieved his first feature film (filmed on video) for only US $ 4,000 and, although it seems even cheaper, I can not begin to imagine everything that happened. to finally exhibit it in theaters without major sponsors or production companies behind (then, when I saw it, I realized why). But whatever the chances of you being ready to give "Cat's Bed", they are reduced to zero in 10 minutes: it's an incredibly absurd, detailed, ideologically fanatical, and technically catastrophic attempt to portray young middle-class Brazilians- High as a bunch of spoiled Neo-Nazis are hooked on bad sex, drugs and violence (and are made to look like gays too), made with no visible trace of talent, imagination, experience or notion of structure. Visually and aurally, remember the worst amateur things you can find on YouTube, only here NINETY TWO last (count) minutes of relentless hysteria and clumsiness, and is not even funny or bad. <br /> <br /> We've all seen the story before: bored young people want to have fun, partying, taking drugs and everything goes wrong. There are gang rapes, whips, murders, accidental death (falling down the ladder!) Of the mother of one of the children, which culminated with the children deciding to burn the corpses of the girl and mother in a garbage dump. Moral and literal garbage, do you understand? The film is strongly influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films, although they are also moralistic and sexploitative, are first class masterpieces compared to this crap. <br /> <br /> I do not think that in a filmmaker there was such a monomaniacal impulse to put his ideas in the throat of the audience: Stockler grabs us by the neck and tries to force his incessant moralistic discourse in our brain by means of the repetition and exhaustion. numb with so many babbling, shouting, inept direction, trembling camera and terrible performance. A Stockler does not care about the technique (the quality of the images, the framing, the recording of sound, the songs of the soundtrack, the dialogues, the sets, the editions, etc. are uniformly frightening), but he is a fanatic of narcissistic control: it anticipates the criticisms to which it is bound. to get adding subtitles with intelligent and cute comments, and making the protagonists comment at a time how crazy and false is everything (could relate to ESO). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure; You can not even decide if you want rough realism (handheld video camera, etc.) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternative shots, etc.). Damn, you can not even decide WHERE to place your camera (there is subjective camera use for THREE drivers)! The dialogue presents some of the most stupidly banal verbs of all time; the plot exists simply to justify the director's deep hatred for his characters and for what they represent. All you see is a filmmaker who is hateful, preaches, condemns, moralizes without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to do so. <br /> <br /> It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Undoubtedly, one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, with his sleepy puppy appearance and emotional edge that often reminds Sal Mineo, Blat can be very effective under a good direction (as in "Carandiru", " Lavoura Archaic "," Proibido Proibir "). Here, he is told to go above and have to play with some of the most embarrassed and ill-equipped "actors" in recent memory. He also enters the risky realm of graphic sexploitation scenes (so they look like a webcam porno). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) youngsters. Middle-class - Stockler wants us to take those interviews as "proof" of what he's trying to preach in fiction. But he openly despises and mocks his interviewees, selecting a high point of abject, racist, sexist and stupid statements (which only show that imbeciles exist everywhere). Stockler wants to show that young middle class Brazilians are ALL present or future fascists BECAUSE they are middle class and enjoy recreational drugs (does it say that all neo-fascists are using drugs or that drugs potentiate Fascist behavior? . <br /> <br /> With his dogmatic self-righteousness, his headache-inducing technique and his mind-numbing boredom, "Cat Bed" is bad for 1,000 reasons, but, above all, it is harmful in a very insidious way : Give the detractors of Brazilian cinema a powerful argument. "Cat bed" is better not seen, not mentioned, buried and forgotten.
