An accurate review of nuremburg must consider the story door inadvertently opened with the movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that there was a German resistance during World War II organized professionally with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to overthrow the Nazi political regime, install a new chancellor, obtain peace and Close the concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes did not receive any help from the allies who helped the French resistance right next door. History writers have used an institutionalized agenda ever since to hide a bad ally that cost many tens of millions of lives with everyone conditioned to believe that the German people completely supported the Nazis and, consequently, deserved the bombing genocide 24 hours and "unconditional surrender" That was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German enigma codes were broken by English scientists in 1943 and much was known about what the Germans were doing. During 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighters and jet bikes by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance succeeded, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have fighter jets, bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-guided missiles without the United States I had them first. This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. Consequently, the German resistance did not receive any help from the allies, although they always had a crucial intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup d'etat of July 20, 1944 is proof that there were significant efforts on the part of the Germans to obtain peace. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and saturation bombings 24 hours a day in an agenda to avoid peace. The allies wanted to steal the largest technology in the world and scientists to the Germans and contain the entire property through an "unconditional surrender". It was a premeditated allied agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombing, but it took a year since the day before the Allied armies advanced to Germany to steal the greatest technology and weapons. scientists of the world. of a gun. However, tens of millions of people died since the allies abandoned the German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed an "unconditional surrender" to the Germans as a pretext to complete the ownership and control of German property and government, and it was done without using the German resistance to overthrow the Nazis. The allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and German scientists to achieve world technological supremacy. As a result, everything else ranked second on the allied evil agenda that killed millions of Germans in the 24-hour bombing; the concentration camps remained open; the war dragged on and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial achievements, technology and scientists taken from the Germans in the Second World War. <br /> <br /> The Nuremberg War Crimes Trials of 1946 were public Deceptive relationships and mass murders perpetrated by the Allies as retrospective justice for the Nazis. It was a smokescreen to hide the evil and greedy agenda of global technological supremacy, instead of helping the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people died because the allies abandoned the German resistance. to an agenda, but they inflicted reprisals against the German personnel chiefs anyway who paid with their lives in the war crimes of Nuremberg or not, although the allies had perpetrated genocide to reach the world technological supremacy.
