"The True Story of Jesse James" by Fox (1957) is a remarkably poor widescreen remake of his prestigious 1939 Tyrone Power / Henry Fonda classic "Jesse James". I'm not sure where the flaw is, but the release in this version of the two central characters, the uneven direction of Nicholas Ray and the script with a strong hand surely must have something to do with this. <br /> <br /> At the end of the thirties and forties, Tyrone Power was Fox's main actor, but in the 1950s his star began to wane and the studio's boss, Darryl Zanuck, began to prepare the newly Robert Wagner arrived to take his place. This was a big mistake on the part of Zanuck, since Wagner proved to be an inadequate substitute. With the possible exceptions of "Broken Lance" (1954) and "Between Heaven & Hell" (1956) it is difficult to think that Wagner is distinguished in anything! In addition, Jeffrey Hunter was nothing more than a hired player of Fox before being assigned to play Frank James as Jesse de Wagner in "The True Story of Jesse James." Taken from the studio the previous year, the hallmark of this actor was his excellent and revealing performance in John Ford's classic "The Searchers". But his performance here, along with Wagner as the second half of the James Brothers, is no less boring. No player brings personality or color to their respective roles. They totally miss the brand, they lack the charisma and attractiveness so vividly exhibited by Power and Fonda in the original. The film is also marred by too many flashbacks and with the script of the whole place, Wagner, like Robin Hood of the American West, is presented as an introverted imbecile without charm who can not feel empathy for anything. It's not worth mentioning the cast, but it's a shame to see an actress as big as Agnes Moorhead who barely gets to see Ma James. <br /> <br /> The best of this very western development is the wonderful cinemascope / color cinematography by the great Joe McDonald and the excellent musical score of the underestimated and little-known composer Leigh Harline.
