Before I give Spike Lee of a SUMMER OF SAM movie a well-deserved beating, I'd like to clarify one thing. I do not revoke this movie simply because of its abundance of bad quality and unpleasant images. What makes this film so unappealable is the fact that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. Quentin Tarantino's films, which end with crime, are full of violence, blasphemy and other bad words, but they are highly visible because Tarantino does not try to pass these films as socially redeeming works of art. He knows that such films are just for entertainment. On the other hand, serious dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant, but the unpleasant serves to develop the plot and characters of the film, with the ultimate goal of emotionally involving the audience with the story and characters in the film. screen. Unfortunately, SUMMER OF SAM simply wallows in his own sensationalism and sleaze, while believing it serves as a social comment, as well as other trash epics. <br /> <br /> SUMMER OF SAM does not serve as a serious drama because His characters are nothing more than cut out cardboard stereotypes. Its plot is intended to show the emotional impact of the hysteria on the murders of Sam's Son in the residents of the predominantly Italian-American neighborhood of the North Bronx where the murders occurred. However, instead of presenting the locals as a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply eliminates all imaginable negative Italian stereotypes. Men are ignorant, lazy and overexposed goombahs. Women are divided between weak and complacent "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's Dionna) and promiscuous "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito's Ruby). Lee seems to vengefully want to "give back" to Hollywood for its years of negative stereotyping of African-Americans by expressing their own stereotypes, and it seems that few critics do not care. If Martin Scorsese, for example, portrays the residents of an African-American neighborhood as a stereotype group of Amos' Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics will rightly condemn such brazen stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional and stereotyped characters undermine any film that attempts to be a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the cast of SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, the performance, for the most part, is not inspired. The cast is simply following the moves, or they have little to work with scriptwise. In addition, there are notable miscasting. The comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his character Vinny seems to be a comic and past personification of Tony Manero by John Travolta of SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a perennial actor of the "good boy" type, is very frowned upon as the serial killer David Berkowitz, who is presented as something funny rather than scary. The only action that is worth paying attention to is Adrien Brody, since Ritchie, a miserable but sincere misfit. Brody's performance and typically Lee-style cinematography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
