After listening to the mouth to mouth of how bad this movie is, I took the step and bought the DVD. That said, everything mentioned above about this movie is true. For a movie that claims to have a budget of millions, it simply does not show up on the screen. The list of problems with the movie could go on forever. The main one is that the movie is simply too long. It lasted for a few minutes before 3 hours. It is likely that the execution time was cut almost an hour if the editor simply eliminated the overabundance of scenes that dealt with nothing but the main character wandering aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Second, as many have pointed out in the "trailers", special effects are anything but special. The tripods seemed to be fine in some shots here and there, but beyond that, everything was of grade Z grade from 1970 or 1980. Probably the worst effects of all were the horses, which moved stiffly from one place to another as they progressed. The effects of heat rays were ridiculous, since people were reduced to bones that somehow could still move without any muscle. Also regrettable was the Thunderchild sequence, in which Thunderchild, described in the book as an iron ram, did not seem to have any of that. Instead, it resembled a destroyer of the First World War era, complete with deck guns (which fired but had no visible crew), and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were as bad as the effects. The most laughable of all was a scene in which the main character and his wife go out for a night walk and point to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and the landscape around them is wide daylight. There is also a marked demarcation between the real landscape, bathed in sunlight, and the false black night sky with blurred stars too big. To subtract further, the color of the scenes made no sense. In some they bathe in orange light. In other green light. In others, it is blue light. In some cases, the exteriors are illuminated in orange, but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The frame rate and camera are very unstable, which gives everything a stammering look. <br /> <br /> Finally, the performance is below average. A man portrays two characters whose only difference was that one lacked a mustache. This led to some confusion sometimes about who was who and where everyone was. English accents, even for American ears, are scandalous. <br /> <br /> In summary, this film could very well say that it is the worst movie released in recent times. I have not seen Gigli or any of the other recent failures, but this, due to its poor quality in all aspects, must be worse than anything that Hollywood has released. I would not be surprised if the movie reaches the top 10 or 20 in the IMDb ranking. It's a pity that Mystery Science Theater is not around yet.
