*WARNING. THERE COULD BE SPOILERS IN ADVANCE, IF YOU CARE. * <br /> <br /> Okay, the basic premise of this Texas movie is: College boys + spookhouse + evil magic book = scary scary. In practice, it's a long time to look at the moment to see how much longer this movie will go on. A group of fraternity boys, along with a variety of brides and volunteers, is establishing an enchanted charity house. The project is being chaired by a completely repellent character, whose main purpose seems to be verbally and physically assaulting as many cast members as possible. It was hard for me to believe that someone would try to work with this person in any case: he is just rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and her friend. In any case, the children are visited by the local character and the annual pumpkin carving champion "Pumpkin Jack", an old coot who is described as the "Halloween Santa", and who leaves a lot of accessories for the house , including an ominous one. Book that figured prominently in the prologue of irritating flash (where a group of robed cults become sauteed). Needless to say, some damn fool starts playing with the book, and eventually most of the disguised monsters become true, and the few remaining normal people have to try to survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is well filmed and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, interpreters underestimate or overact drastically; much of the plot makes little sense outside of a series of "this happens so it can happen"; there is almost no musical score to talk about, only fragments of songs throughout the film; and the film takes an hour to get anywhere. The last problem is the most revealing: two thirds of the execution time of 90 minutes are used to configure the characters repeatedly. Tom is a good guy who goes out with Heidi, the control monster, but he used to date Jill, who is now dating Dan the idiot, but she started a relationship with Kira, the girl who wears too many shawls / cloaks. Dan is a great idiot, Gary likes to make jokes and Steve and Lily like to have a lot of sex. The things that could have been easily dealt with in 20 minutes or so are lengthened again and again, to the point where the "sexual" scene of the lesbians (calm, is quite tame) left me looking for the fast forward button. That leaves us with half an hour of caloric fears, an unpleasant ending and a deeply rooted aversion to Jack Jack, whom I blame for all the mess. Unless you can get this in some kind of discounted rental (and have actually seen everything else in the store), return it to the shelf and keep looking.
