In this 'sequel', Bruce is still called Billy Lo (do you understand? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, right?) But other than that, that's all he has in common with the other movie. Billy no longer seems to be an actor. It seems to be in another country. It's more like a spy. He is the only member of the cast who returns and, unfortunately, they kill him to make way for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the movie almost dies with him. This was extremely poorly done. It seemed that they were writing the script while filming. The footage works for a while (it's not too obvious at first), but soon Bruce always shows up in the dark all the time (throws a light at a stage for no apparent reason to hide the fact that Bruce is not who plays the role). part). Unfortunately when the film dies it changes. I can not help but wonder if they were filming while they were writing and it is possible that he planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it would not have been plausible since Bobby does not appear until Billy is dead. It's hard to change the main character halfway through the movie and Bruce is a hard act to follow, so it's now difficult to accept Bobby as the star. Bruce never sees himself again in this movie. I think they should have done this sequel without Bruce having a boring role in this movie. People who expect to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed to see that, despite being given the highest rating, it only has a prominent role. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. If there was something about this movie that people seem to talk about, it's the scene where Billy fights in a nursery. Ironically, he does not even use Bruce Lee's material. Of course, they did it more convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other actors here did anything memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth seeing. It seemed very sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how a small movie like this could get enough money to use Enter The Dragon images. This was a cheap way to try to take advantage of Bruce's name. Curiously, this and the original are credited in the filmography of Bruce. Fortunately so far, nobody has tried something like this again. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film appearance. It was a sad way to finish it, but fortunately this is proof that Bruce's film career must be left alone.
