Is it possible to give a NO STARS movie? I suppose not. However, many IMDb stars show this, just think zero and you will get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much budget compared to Spielberg's herculean effort with the same material (it is rumored to be the most expensive movie ever made), but that does not have to be an insurmountable disadvantage. I have seen some wonderful works done in a comparative program ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to make a faithful interpretation of Wells' novel, and in a fraction of what Dreamworks spent in its "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines failed in all these departments. Even if I had had the budget of Spielberg and Tom Cruise I would have signed the lead role that his movie would have plagued as badly as this barnyard animal that he had thrown at us. <br /> <br /> Mainly, Hines seems unable to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology, he can record images and sound, but he shows little aptitude to assemble a narrative with what he records. A boy walks down a rural road, a lot. Speaks bad. He received English with another guy. Then he walks down the same lane, just shooting from behind this time to show he's coming back, ready, huh? Walking and talking, for almost an hour that's all that happens. Okay, I'll give you a long excursion from the main character's house to the impact site on Horsell Common to show that a considerable distance from one place to another could be useful (a first-year film student could make a cheaper storyboard ). And a sequence of establishment more aesthetic than this, by the way), but half a dozen times? From one side to another, from one side to another, etc., etcetera, with some yakkity-yak in between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this excess of redundancy, aside from total artistic ineptitude, is the desire to eliminate thirty minutes of CG work that can be offered as a feature film. Finally, Martian combat machines appear and walking and talking become running and talking, or screaming. Later we wobbled and mourned the dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, much of the dialogue is raised directly from the text of H.G. Wells; Otherwise we would have no idea what is happening. But is not the central point of the cinema lighting a text, realizing what words alone can not convey? If a film is based on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how to feel, why bother? Why not play a radio? Orson Welles made a family name by doing just that. However, Hines thinks he is a filmmaker, so he is content to pronounce the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines was able to buy some computer-generated effects for his movie, but he has no idea. how to use them Now, for my part, I do not have an insatiable sweet tooth for sweet eyes. I think that good science fiction films do not need dazzling technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fi have flourished in virtually none. But "The war of the worlds" as a film requires a certain effort of reference. Wells tells a story that depends on things that can be seen, heard and even smelled. The effects do not need to be complex; they can even be crude (for example, combat machines on cables that slide on miniature streets as seen in the George Pal / Byron Haskins 1953 version), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately, the effects of Hines are crude and incompetent. Tripod fighting machines taller than a cathedral needle trample around making a noise like a pogo stick bouncing in linoleum. Do Martian squidoids, although oppressed by four times the severity of their homeworld, rush and flutter without discernible effort? the skeletons completely stripped of flesh and muscle writhe and scream: the same damn horse and buggy green make their way through the foreground a dozen times (flipped to the left on the right occasionally with the hope that we notice it). and in nauseum ad. The raw technique is forgivable. So you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Well, we can work around that. Just do not use it very often and just show flashes of it. Is that sequence of trampled women more like a crushed plum? Throw it away. It is not necessary. You say your Martian flyer looks like a toy on a string? If you have to use it, go ahead, but do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst looking things used again and again. I have to get those 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> Next we have the acting, or more precisely the acting too. Whether in a role as a speaker or just paid to die in the queue, everyone in this movie is doing what is in their heart. Obviously, Hines thinks he's getting a bargain. More flee terrified there! You, trembling behind that tree, let's have a real conniption for this shot. Do you call that writhing in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can writhe better. However, the cast as a whole and individually sucks. They are not even good fans. But this does not have to be fatal. Many good films have been made with a stale performance. That's what directors are for. And editors. What brings up another point? Who the hell let Tim Hines edit this cheese factory? If the butchers of the United States were as expert in cutting meat as Hines in the cut of the film, their next hamburger would be only fingers and not meat. Despite the execution time of almost three hours, there are many things missing in this film, not sequences, but individual frames, creating a jerky effect that is nauseating to see. Perhaps Hines's intention was to simulate the effect of a hand-held cinema camera from the 1890s. If it was, I can say that he does not know how to do it.
