I would like to start by saying that I am NOT a fan of anime (with some notable exceptions), and in general I have a low opinion of the so-called otakus, since they are so in love with their particular brand of cartoons that they label each movie starring characters from spiky hair and big eyes like a work of art without even considering other more vital factors, like the plot. And no anime movie best represents this division between otakus and people with real taste that this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Fury: the movie. <br /> <br /> As seen through the glassy and witty eyes of an otaku, there is little to find fault with in Fatal Fury: there is a lot of Japanese and extravagant humor, one-on-one duels, some "dramatic" moments ", and everything is very well drawn. But all the rest will be extinguished by the predictable plot and cliche with predictable characters and cliché, which will culminate in a predictable ending and cliché. The love scenes are hilariously exaggerated: the scene in which Sulia "cures" Terry obviously intends to be a tender moment, but it is virtually impossible not to be thrown into spirals of dizzying laughter by the ridiculous ridicule of it. And, of course, Fatal Fury is not exempt from the mandatory cartoon T & A: this is supplied free by Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury is based on the series of video games of the same name (oh, boy), we get numerous meaningless appearances of popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot at all (they go through all the introduction problems Kim at the beginning , just so he would disappear completely from the movie after that point). This mess of a movie reaches its climax with the final, unwitting, absurd battle, in which all the main characters face the almighty main villain in one-on-one combat. That is something that has always amused me ... even when battles in anime are NOT done in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it does not make any sense. <br /> <br /> Otakus always talks enthusiastically about how anime movies should be treated as MOVIES instead of just cartoons, and a disturbing part of those same people love Fatal Fury. So, would Fatal Fury have been good if it was not an anime? The answer is an emphatic "no": all the charm of this film, what little there is, resides in the real drawings. If Fatal Fury had not been an anime, it would have been worthy of an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show was still on the air. That's the key: this is just a ridiculously bad B movie with the look of an anime epic. If you are a fan of movies so bad that they are really entertaining, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catch it in the science fiction channel), since it is definitely one of them. If you are an otaku, PLEASE, WAKE UP and realize that a good 90% of the things you are seeing are garbage. As for everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but do not even consider watching this movie.
