Sometimes, laughing in the middle of a horror movie is a sign of his greatness. Do I remember the nervous laughter of the audience in the reissue of The Excorcist? Laughter really nervous. He pointed out how scared we all were by seeing Satan's voice coming out of a 12-year-old girl. However, in the case of the 2006 remake of the cult classic of 1972, The Wicker Man, it made me think that this new Wickerman is as fearsome as the character of South Park, Scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with Patrick Duffy of TV for a leg and stalk of celery for an arm whose favorite pastime is to weave wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> 3 years ago, a friend of mine in Hollywood told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage was going to make a remake of the movie. I started to laugh and my friend (Keith) got mad at me saying that Nicolas Cage was a great actor. I just did not think I could achieve it and, unfortunately, for the viewers he was right. The reality is over, the exceptional original music, the originality, the chilling and the marvelously powerful dialogue. Instead, we have clichés of horror films, affected performances and changes in the story that make any credibility fall apart. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes that we've been inundated with lately, we seem to be seeing fourth graders in a playground "playing Wickerman." <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island where a Scotsman The police officer is lured there to find a missing young woman named Rowan Morrison. In the new twist, a California cop (Cage) is lured to an island off the coast of Washington state by his ex-girlfriend to find his missing daughter. She sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a girl that he tried to save in a clash of fire not long ago. The crash still chases him partly because the girl's body was never found. However, even after he receives a letter with his picture on it, that connection is completely set aside when he heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find his daughter. He arrives to find an island full of actors who pretend to be the descendants of Wiccans, many of whom seem not to receive callbacks for roles in The Village. And as in The Village, it does not take long before you realize that there is nothing to fear here. Not even the blind, blind-eyed sisters who speak in unison. <br /> <br /> I think that the opportunity in Hollywood to earn large amounts of money in a film often entails big expenses for art. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies these days, loses contact with the magic that the film can have when it reaches the point where it has a personal chef in the dish that prepares its sandwiches. We needed a bad version of the Wickerman as if we needed another movie '9-11'. I'm beginning to wonder if Nicolas changed his Coppola name because he wanted to or because they begged him to do it.
