Everyone else who has commented negatively on this movie has done an excellent analysis of why this movie is so horrible. I was not going to comment, but the movie bothers me a lot, and in particular the writer / director. So I have to put on my hat to join the detractors. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the cornucopia of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. . That said, I'm not part of the crowd that believes remakes of great movies should not be made. For example, I liked the original "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" of the 1950s, but I also enjoyed the remake of 1978. Both films can stand on their own. Another example is "The Thing". The original, for its campera appearance compared to current standards, has much to be proud of in the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie of all time). So that small minority of people who like the reissue of "The Wicker Man" can not accuse me of dissuading this piece of shit just because it's a reissue. <br /> <br /> This film solidified for me Neil LaBute's sexism and misogynistic tendencies. It also made me wonder how the executives, wanting to make a serious thriller, would give the green light to a product that is so anti-feminine. There are too many scenes of Cage hitting women just because he is frustrated with them in frustrating his investigation of a missing girl. Would it react in this way off the island in other cases where the suspects do not arrive? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a religion based on the goddess. The threat to the main character came from everyone, men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. it was a bit clumsy and convenient ("The drone must die!"), especially when the character of Cage has allergies to bees. I continued to wonder why the men of the island did not defend themselves and used simple physicality to prevent these women from treating them like grunts. These were not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the rest, thin girls and blondes, so if the men really wanted to escape they could do what most of them did. Men do when they hate women Physically you dominate them. There did not seem to be weapons or weapons beyond the cutting tools to sustain them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drones, why can not they talk? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society run by women would leave castrated men. (That movie was already made. "Stepford's wives," someone?) The classic symptoms of men who fear what can happen if women come together and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with female society that hates men is that it makes movies look uninteresting and creates an involuntary mood when Cage starts knocking out women. I think LaBute should have left the society egalitarian, keep sexuality and lasciviousness uninhibited, and press buttons of discomfort with respect to the children on that island. Nobody likes that pedophiles or children are sexually exploited. So, how would a policeman react if he saw lewd acts done by adults with children around? There would be a logical mental jump that these children are abused, therefore, an urgency created to save the missing child and get help for all children. LaBute has said that he created the thread of the story of the fiancé and the daughter to give the character of Cage an incentive to search. I do not think you need that. Any abused child will have an adult react to save him or her. The irony, of course, would be that the child cage "saves", ultimately, brings him death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was contrived and corny. The whole third act was hilarious. The audience saw him with laughter (and then booed at the end). I just thought that the movie started badly when the lyrics arrived with elegant lyrics and all the flashbacks that appear to show how hurt Cage is. We do not need that. Just show him he arrives on the island to investigate a missing child. Most of us in the United States have seen "Law and Order" and other police procedures. We entered the film as if we were Cage's partner solving a mystery. <br /> <br /> Lots of potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, stick to the images of the head that speak for people who enjoy their games and movies of that type. Stay with your own company of men. Leave thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here is your jar of honey. I'm going to see that
