I am currently sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. I imagine that I blew 6 bux on the VHS, I could well suffer for it. I remember that about 4 or 5 years ago I did an Internet search of "The War of the Worlds" due to the rumors of the Spielberg movie at that time, and I missed the old TV series of the early 90's. The site web shows that it is a multi-million dollar budget interpretation of the classic book. It would be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in tune with this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video of this movie was unsuccessful! It seemed as if he was watching the Full Motion video of an old PC from the mid-90s or a Playstation CD-ROM videogame. Unfortunately, the quality of the color was similar. The performance made Shatner's classics "dramatic pause" look very close to the quality of Shakespeare. The CG representation of several scenes was terrible, and the green screen sequences were worse than those seen in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. <br /> <br /> Secondly, it is slow and terribly prolonged. I sat for 45 minutes of the video (without promises at the beginning) before the cylinder opened to reveal the first alien. After that, the alien was a terribly constructed CG squid. Now I have an hour of work and most of the alien weaponry I have seen is a rotating silver disc (even shit) attached to a mechanical arm. The dramatic scenes are killed with too much instruments. The last thing about that, for an extraterrestrial invasion at the turn of the 1900s, NO ONE is worried about his life. It is as if they had no concept. Although the media was slow, word of mouth spread quickly and people would have known it. The "illusion" of day and night was of poor quality. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe a little lighting and real nocturnal shots would have given an illusion A LOT better. There are many wasted sequences throughout the film of simply seeing the "hero" galloping around or walking on silly roads. Follow with the movie. I know how people move, it does NOT need to be that deep. <br /> <br /> Now, finally, one hour and 5 minutes in the movie and show the alien machines. The Power Rangers of Mighty Morphin had better looking effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized humans seemed animated by a freshman from the school of computer applications. The animations do NOT match the scenario at all. <br /> <br /> At the closing of the people, if you want "War of the Worlds", do one of four things. 1) Look at the 1953 original, 2) watch the television series from the early 90s, 3) wait for the Spielberg version to be published shortly, OR 4) Read the frikkin book (something we probably all did in the elementary English class). AVOID THIS MOVIE. IT'S A WASTE OF YOUR MONEY.
