Normally, when I write a review for an online movie, it's for one of three reasons. Or, I have found something exceptionally lacking in a film that otherwise would have been excellent, I feel that the public's perception of a film before seeing it is inaccurate for several reasons, or I think the purpose or message of a film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. While all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I think that writing a review that produces nothing but praise and affirmations such as: "This is one of the best movies of all time!", Does nothing to enlighten a possible viewer in its advantages and disadvantages, and also often does not give reasons to explain why a movie is so good, that it should be the point of the review in the first place. That said, War of the Worlds is nothing more than a hasty and incompetent attempt to obtain money; supporting his disgusting channel in the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the movie of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD before the summer blockbuster and many more poor souls will buy it looking for more material on the same subject. This movie is not even "so bad" that it is funny or attractive, but the audience will be so incredibly disappointed that it will reach the point of anger. Now, with most of the insults out of the way, let me give some arguments as a warning to those more fortunate than me. <br /> <br /> Judging from the cover and lack of publicity for this film (I found it as the SAM Club for $ 8), I assumed that the cast would be nameless and that the special effects would be nothing too spectacular. Check. This is not a big problem for me, since it seems to me that a big budget and an excessive dependence on the renowned stars and the SE can decrease an otherwise decent movie. Nor did I expect to be dragged by a great dialogue or a mobile score. Check again. What I expected was a real serious attempt at a classic theme and some battle scenes / aliens. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, all spoilers must be announced in advance, no matter how small they are, so here is a fair warning. The film begins with a lot of foolish talks, followed by a trip to an observatory to observe a red dot. Seriously, it's an image of a red dot on a tube. It is very difficult to describe every little problem in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of unstable camera work, spliced ​​scenes and LOTS of walking starts to frustrate the viewer. However, the costumes are surprisingly not bad and the hope that the capsules reveal something mysterious keeps you moving. Basically, the next 30 minutes are the following: one of the main characters walks towards one of the capsules, looks at the capsules and talks to another main character about the capsule and may be hot. Both walk back to the city. These tours are not two seconds or added so that the dialogue can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more and are simply to add padding to a already swollen three-hour movie. In a particularly exhausting scene, the main character is shown looking at a capsule, then he is seen walking and panting, then he looks at the capsule, then takes a minute of walking through a field to the city, then enters the city and enters to a building, then he takes a cup of coffee and says "Thank you Mary" to a maid who serves him coffee, then lowers the coffee and leaves the building, then walks a few minutes through the field and returns to the pod. I apologize for the phrase of extreme execution, but perhaps it is the best way to summarize this whole movie. The characters talk too much about mundane things, they walk a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera fluctuates between high and low speeds, but without dramatic effect, the cameraman is just a sophomore at Tech. The edition is amazingly bad . The actions of people make little sense. For example, when the teacher goes to a farmer's house and says he needs the farmer to take him to the city, the farmer stutters and spins. When the teacher says that there is a scabbard and that the men could get trapped inside, the farmer locks him in a shed only to see the teacher grab a fork and open the weak shed a second later. Nothing of any consequence, of course, comes from this whole scene, since the teacher meets the main character a moment later so they can begin their afternoon walk. The whole movie feels like someone at some point had a good idea about making a movie, but he had no idea how to set it in motion. I have seen better secondary video productions. Finally, the special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story. I have the feeling that the director really wanted this movie to become a cult classic of camper trash. However, it is so horrible in technical aspects and in common sense that it only makes people angry. Avoid this movie at all costs.
