Do not expect much from a PRC image, and with rare exceptions, mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and some from Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers, that's exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about the Nazis in Africa who try to incite an Arab revolt against the British is not very different. The script, by the long-hacker hackers of the People's Republic of China, Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, is trivial, laughable, full of "jokes" without grace and with holes the size of Outer Mongolia. The direction, on the part of the budget specialist not budgeted for the People's Republic of China Al Herman, is, at best, semi-comatose. However, the performances, with the exception of the spectacularly incompetent and irritating protagonist of Walter Woolf King, are not so bad. The veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best of the movie. He plays a guy from Brooklyn disguised as a seller of razor blades and gives a lot of importance to the screen when he appears. He has a great comedic moment, charm to spare and he seems to be having a great time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab Sheikh, despite his Spanish accent, and the bad man and veteran George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab rival does his excellent work of villainy, although sometimes he exaggerates a bit. Joan Woodbury is quite pretty and has a nice light touch, and she and Renaldo have a great chemistry together, although, like the rest of the cast, she has none with King. HALF PENSION. Warner, whose career dates back to the silent era, lends a modicum of dignity to low-income procedures, even though he makes several shots on his lines and, since the PRC is PRC, they were not eliminated. There's a lot of footage from a big-budget silent movie with a similar Arabic theme, although I have no idea what it is, and, since PRC is PRC, no effort was made to try not to see it. : Rarely have I seen footage that was so obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course, well, it's fine, it sucks, but it would be worth checking out to see Parkyakarkus at his best. I had heard about him and I knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but I had never seen him in anything before. It was worth seeing this "extravagance" of PRC of tenth level just to see it in action. Otherwise, forget it.
