Do you just love opening sequences like "Seven women for Satan"? During the introduction, a naked girl runs through the woods, pursued by a hunting dog and an evil-looking uncle on a horse, until she falls off a cliff and opens her head on a rock. Then, the camera focuses on the boy's face and we notice that he is simply sitting behind a desk while his secretary waits for him to sign some papers. "Oh, I'm sorry, I was lost in my thoughts?" then say! Sweet, I've come across another completely crazy movie. Even if you only understand a minimum of French and you look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply revolves around the extravagant adventures of a perverted account and mentally Unstable during your weekend in the field. This is, in fact, another variation of poor quality in the classic landmark "The most dangerous game" about the disturbing pastime of a lunatic to hunt people. Preferably naked hot girls - in the woods for sports. Well, actually, this is more than a simple variation of the 1932 classic, since the writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine had the pretense of directly linking his protagonist with the legendary villain Leslie Banks in "The most dangerous game" . Count Zaroff is supposedly the original son of Count Zaroff, but he changed his private island into the remote French countryside. He can not afford to be unemployed either, so he's an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a maniac killer over the weekend. Zaroff is a real weirdo who is hallucinating about dancing with a deceased woman, but in reality he passes his car over the living. His butler once promised to prevent them from killing the Zaroffs, but obviously he is doing a bad job. There is no depth in the script and the accumulation certainly does not pay attention to the suspense or the sinister atmosphere. Actually, the only useful thing that can be done during this movie is to tell the girls that they are attracted by Zaroff's deceptive trap and expect them to reach seven quickly. Half of the film is useless and tedious filler images, like the extensive act of erotic dance in which a statue inexplicably transforms into a muscular black man (???), and the other half exists of psychedelic sordidness that eventually It's boring too. All the girls look dazzling. I have the impression that the intention of Michel Lemoine was to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and make a deliriously perverted sexual thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so it inevitably is also starring Jess Franco's usual, Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself surely looks like a crazy killer, but not the talent to describe it.
