The 1930s was a golden age of Los Angeles with its film industry and great potential for other possibilities to become rich, famous and happy. People came hoping to fulfill their dreams. Waiting for open arms and welcome offers, only a few managed to succeed and find their way to stardom, most condemned to live hungry, disillusioned and unwanted, looking for a bit of respect in dirty bars and unpleasant hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in Los Angeles on a similar quest: to spread his charms to get one of those beautiful rich women and write an excellent novel that would put him in a professional career. , having written so far a single short story published in a dark anthology. Desiring to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems unable to produce anything without experiencing it, although from time to time he sends magazine articles to a local editor who helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian, but deep down in his heart he feels that his Italian origin is a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world that he once had gone long ago and seeing how his dream turns into a hangover, he has one last money to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought him was cold and bitter and spitting a curse on his triggers, an endless relationship of insults, hidden excuses and a hidden love underneath. Camilla, who is an uneducated girl who tries to receive US citizenship through a marriage, also carries her heavy cross of a racial inheritance without perspective. Even though she is a stronger and more experienced person in life, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much harder to deal with than Arturo can realize. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finally finds his inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that your love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their romance took an unfortunate turn? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to discover that the chemistry between the two main characters, made by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship lacks the raw and authentic feelings. Although Hayek, a more alive character in comparison with the one of Farrell, forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and the force of its brilliant personage, Frida. It is also difficult to have faith in a character who, being intelligent but not educated and illiterate, uses a rather difficult vocabulary and complicated sentences. A harder character of Phil Marlowe would definitely adapt better to Farrell, although he looks impressive in a period costume, he seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer who balances between a hidden love and the desire to be true to himself. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed to see the two on the screen is not correct. Their relationship may have been savage, but it is more likely that thunder and lightning are without a storm, far from true passion, the feelings that we have just described do not feel inside. It is very sad that such interesting script potential and good actors are wasted, that it becomes a gray average of what will soon be forgotten.
