It must have been unbearable to attend the newspapers since the shooting continued in this failure of a movie. Probably cruise, the exec. Prod., He saw what was happening and had Towne use much, much more of the nude images in the final cut that Towne wanted, to make up for the disaster he saw. (Maybe Cruise even thought of "Titanic"). Some things: Colin Farrell can not get out of a paper bag. But it is one of the flavors of the decade, the favorite of a producer and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment of not seeing him attend his films. He has so many moments of not believing in what he is doing and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been a movie actor of the best, though not as rich or famous as he is now, playing the second banana to the dynamic protagonists who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money on vintage games, costumes, cars and others, and photographing them as if they were from dry cleaning or carwash. No one seems to want to see anything, well, worn out. Or dirty Is this because the producer of the line told the production designer to make sure not to ruin things because then the company would have to pay for the ruined items? <br /> <br /> This was a story about depression. Thirty people, not a Disney Broadway musical about that time. What if he does it in black and white or better still, given to Caleb Deschanel as his D.P., have them color the colors during the mixture to suggest something of the dirt and poverty of the times? After all, it should have been a bit depressing to live as desperately as these people did, in the Depression. More about Farrell. Did someone for a moment believe that this guy was a writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see your eyes roll at a point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? Send a child to do a man's job? Maybe in the book, which I have not read, the story was about an older woman and a young man. I can not go too deep into half the last parts of the movie because I retired early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was doing a not very funny parody of a black movie. More or less as it has been Saturday Night Live for the last decade: it's not fun. (In my mind, I was still thinking of a Guy Noir sketch, music and everything).
