Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous outlaw and Australian legend. Something like Robin Hood, with a mixture of Billy the Kid, the Australians love the legend of how he faced the English aristocratic oppression and united the lower classes to change to Australia forever. The fact that the lowest classes of the time were around 70% of the immigrant delinquents seems that this film was casually brushed. In fact, many of the so-called "facts" in this film are, on reflection, a little iffy. <br /> <br /> I guess the suspicions should have been aroused when, in the initial credits, it was claimed that this movie is based on the book, 'Our Sunshine'. If ever you could see a romantic version of the truth in the name of a book, there it was. This was not going to be a historical epic, but only an adaptation of one of Ned Kelly's many dubious legends, albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than an exaggerated Hallmark channel, the real-life historical drama, aspiring! The story is moving at an alarming rate (alarming because you have never seen a movie so slowly!) The numbness after two hours of pure emotion brought back memories of Costner's terrible Wyatt Earp so many years ago. In short, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get to that nothing. This could have been a little more bearable if the performances were good (because the address is not so good). However, unless you are looking to play a game to detect the worst Oirish accent, you will be disappointed. Between that, the game of "Who has the most stupid beard?", "Find the obvious whirlwind!" (Hint, they're all ginger for some reason), and 'Nature in Australia, including lions', is a similar experience. to browse through Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and Neighbors while suffering from a huge hangover ... Yes, nature appears a lot, as if to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look artistic), the movie continues to show useless takes of wildlife, and once all the native species are shown, here is a circus to allow a camel and a lion camel (used during a fight to try to make us feel more sorry for the lion than massacred people). <br / > <br /> This is a turgid, emotionless piece of fluff that should have gone directly to TELEVISION.There is not a single good word I can say about this movie.Even the generally fantastic Rush seems embarrassed When one of the characters says that he only has 2 bullets left for him and his friend, I was wishing I had a gun to get rid of any memories of this movie!
