I can not pass the message of this movie. It is designed too clearly to ignore it, and it is obscene because it has lost its sense of what it is about. I have not read the novel, but Pollack's film opens with a scene in a CIA organization in New York, in which two professional assassins burst into it, led by Max von Sydow, who proceeds to brutally murder the media Dozen of peculiar personnel. Members that we have come to know and understand. The staff is composed of an elderly receptionist, a type of older teacher, who falls when he is machine-gunned (is that a joke?) And, finally, the beautiful Tina Chen, who looks up from the copier , he realizes he is close. to be killed, and he says, unfortunately brave, "I will not scream". Von Sydow responds with sympathy: "I know". These murders are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by everything we know, and graphic. It is a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way in which von Sydow and his henchman can be redeemed. And yet, that is exactly what Pollack is trying to do towards the end. <br /> <br /> After having killed these good and innocent, Von Sydow changes sides (because the other side is willing to pay him) and murders the evil brain. Behind a complicated intramural plot of the CIA. The script makes him a perfectly reasonable and sensitive human being. "It's better to live in Europe, things are not so hasty." Or whatever. I swear I'm not inventing this. Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a dishonest bureaucrat. That is the message. You should write it in case you forget it. Exactly what kind of psychiatric confusion does it have to be to convert ordinary values, not to mention common sense, the other way around? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who do not like the government of the United States, even who hate it, and who see conspiracies almost everywhere, which provides an immediate explanation for otherwise inexplicable events. I know that people who think this way exist because I have some of them among my closest friends. However, at some point this aversion, this hatred, if it increases in intensity, must go beyond politics or ethics and the psychiatric realm. I do not believe for a moment that a man who murders people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care how mild and cultured the killer is or if he knows how to get to the Louvre on the Metro. Whoever is transmitting that message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I would like to be able to argue that the production is as rotten as your message, but I can not. It's pretty well done. (Somehow, that's worse, because it makes the film less disposable). Even New York City looks photogenic on the screen. And it's been a long time since I thought of New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of projecting the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then he becomes a telecommunications genius. And, man, it looks very good! Your wardrobe is fair. Even his rimless glasses are becoming. And his coat. It is not everyone who can make a navy blue jacket look glamorous. He also looks extremely handsome, the pig. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such elegance. Faye Dunaway is well in his role, but it is not a very credible role. Would someone sleep enthusiastically with a guy who just kidnapped her and is holding her at gunpoint? Even if he looked like Redford? Would someone be emotionally hurt if, when this ambivalent relationship is about to end, Redford asks him not to tell anyone what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He makes one or two very good double shots. The postman is excellent. The fight between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is exquisitely choreographed and, for once, we really do not know for sure how it will turn out, because Redford (a book reader after all) does not seem to agree against the cunning brute of this contracted assassin. This is one of John Housemann's final papers. It is a pity. It is a magnet on the screen. And what an end to his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in a neighborhood with which he has been familiar for most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well executed, but I can not ignore that vicious and paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will". Or his Olympic documentary in which the announcer is watching a race on foot in which Jesse Owens takes the lead and says ominously: "This black man is dangerous."
