It can only be assumed that Robert Osborne is obliged by contract to express his satisfaction for the less attractive films of the MTC library, since this would explain to him how to extol the "virtues" of this "charming" film during his presentation when I saw him on cable television. Seeing that any old movie in IMDb receives the "classic" status of a number of fawning amateur reviewers, I thought there was a great need for a more honest review of this movie. <br /> <br /> This is not from your father 'Shop around the corner'. Despite all my doubts with 'You have Got Mail', it still stands out more than this as a remake in almost every conceivable way. For those who have seen the original, the flaws will only be even more obvious. <br /> <br /> From one of the most beautiful sequences of Meet Cute that I can remember seeing (a sad attempt at "humor"), this movie starts with the wrong foot and never really comes back. This 'musical' only qualifies as one in the broadest sense of the term. There are a handful of musical numbers that can be forgotten instantly and then there is Judy singing "I Do not Care" while waving her arms as if she were in an attack. The Christmas song he sings in the store is probably one of his best numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in several musical films, but here she looks horribly grumpy. The role was originally occupied by June Allyson and Judy definitely can not fill the shoes of the old part of Margaret Sullavan. Van Johnson also presents a rather bland performance as a second-class type of Jimmy Stewart. The protagonists never reach the chemistry of Stewart / Sullavan, not even that of Hanks / Ryan. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that knows (some of) the notes, but not the music. He really does not seem to understand why the original worked and he even feels the need to add another possible love interest for Van Johnson's character to complicate things unnecessarily. The replacement of the remake by the secondary plot of original infidelity is a threshing device that involves a violin that has no price. It's almost embarrassing to see it and it feels like it's been taken out of an episode of Three's Company by someone with a DeLorean and a flow capacitor. It's really just an excuse for a previous attack on Keaton. Even the great scene of resolution among the romantic protagonists is mishandled. After watching both films, you will understand why they called it 'Lubitsch Touch' and NOT 'Robert Z. Leonard Touch'. <br /> <br /> Avoid this and go back to watching the original movie or one of Judy Garland's previous films unless you're an iconoclast who enjoys watching a great star that once fell on earth.
