It's a bit difficult for me to say, because I enjoyed both "Targets" and "Paper Moon", but I thought "The Last Picture show" was a fascinating but too self-indulgent movie. His main positive, as far as I'm concerned, is the impressive photography. But for me, the film had nothing to offer beyond superficial beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty, in that sense). The characters were very difficult to relate or worry about. Basically, you had a very slow pace and a naturalistic acting style, but everything was there to sustain a very formulaic and predictable story, complete with all the traps one would expect from any melodrama of a small city: everything, from the kid cheating. The wife of his teacher for the disabled child that everyone chooses. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some might say that this movie is more realistic. Nowadays, many people seem to think that realism is the only virtue a film can possess. But for me the film was simply oppressive, and I want to see it again as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in that miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie really only belongs to its time; Maybe if I had seen it in 1971 I would have been impressed by its novelty, just to see something different on the screen. But that would basically mean he had never seen anything like, say, "Breathless" by Godard. Maybe the open references to the classic films would have attracted the geek of the movie and helped me to overlook some of the weaknesses of the film. But in the post-Tarantino world, that does not seem special or special either. <br /> <br /> It is interesting, however, how he uses the films in the film to give more depth to his own film. We see 3 movies as a souvenir in the photo show. First, we see the "Father of the Bride" by Vincente Minnelli. The exquisite appearances of Liz Taylor contrast with Sonny's girlfriend and Minnelli's studied middle-high class environment contrasts with the character's "real-life" environment in a similar way. Later, the clips of "Red River" by Howard Hawks emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. He really just reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing his own mentor's butt, as he did if I remember correctly by selecting a movie from the Hawks as part of his own dream on screen with Boris Karloff in "Objectives". I guess in 1971 this kind of thing was new, but looking at it today, it seems like it's just self-indulgent, like a lot of the rest of this movie. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, I'd rather watch another movie by Hawks, Ford or Minnelli than having Bogdanovich's film remind us why they were so surprising in such a subtle way. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants whose time had passed; all he really does is remind us how small he and most of his contemporaries are in relation.
