We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He has done the unthinkable. I may be the only director to have two films in the last 100 in IMDb! It's like a kind of movie cockroach. No matter how little talent he has, and no matter how bad these films are, he manages to keep doing them. I know, he funds them himself through some kind of strange German background, but even so, his ability to continue making films despite absolute and complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> It would not be so bad, except that video game developers continue to give their best properties to this guy. I really enjoyed the Alone in the Dark series of games. Even the last one, New Nightmare, was good for a few hours of play. You could make a good movie from the adventures of Edward Carnby, but this is not it. Now Uwe Boll has put his hands on Bloodrayne and Hunter: the Reckoning. What's next, Silent Hill? Condemn? I can only imagine the strip that this guy is going to cut through the adaptations of the game to the movie if it does not stop. Someone has to take away your line of credit, or these video game publishers must know and realize that when they make a bad movie of a game that kills the franchise, no one is interested in that title anymore. <Br /> <br /> Think about it, is House of the Dead or Alone in the Dark a viable game title? No way. A new game from the House of the Dead goes to X-Box and no one will care. The title is dead, and all because of Uwe Boll. So, if one of you works for a game editor, or knows a game editor, or has access to a game editor ... warn them. <br /> <br /> This movie itself is not even worth reviewing. I can not separate what I did not like about this pile of manure from the rest. Literally, everything about it stinks. Writing, acting, music, CG effects, editing. I thought that if I waited until it came out on DVD and then I rented it with low expectations, I would not be disappointed. Boy, I was wrong. Never underestimate Uwe's ability to produce a large, smoky stack of BOLL sh * t.
