Usually, I start by conveying the premise of the movie, but before someone makes hasty judgments about my criticism, let me start by saying that I am someone who likes most movies (just check my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film before this was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a film adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated it. Well, I loved it. I even gave him a 10 out of 10! My point in affirming this (which will surely turn off some readers immediately) is that if I even hate Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong with that. <br /> <br /> The premise: Who am I cheating? Trying to establish a premise for this movie is as easy as trying to balance the budget of the United States, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists discovered evidence of the loss of a tribe of American Indians. The Indian tribe had apparently discovered some means to approach the "second world", which was of an evil nature. Bad things eliminated them, but not before they could close the door to the evil world and throw away the key. Later, some government scientists / researchers who had been experimenting with the paranormal, and specifically with this tribe, decided to experiment with some children to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not, everything up to this point and then something is told in a written prologue to the film, it's just a white text that moves through a black screen with a voice-over that also reads it to us). Then, there was something about the children being in an orphanage, but the government removed them, and then a group of people are looking for archaeological relics, and there are super humans wandering around, and a group of soldiers are called and so on. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never stops. It's like an endless background story of hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25. But none of them is presented in a coherent way to create a good movie. In addition to the mystical lost Indian tribe and the superhumans, we also have monsters that look like a cross between Alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into meandering aliens, underground tunnels, zombies, Starship Trooper wars, evil scientists , underground shelters, gold mines, spooky warehouses, impassations, large museums mostly unused, government conspiracies, gold trunks extracted from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex plots of stabs, a very ambiguous romance, car chases, invasions of houses, Kitchen sinks. . . Wait, I do not remember if that last one was in the movie. Even more surprisingly (funny?), In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying: "We spent much more time in history, being very meticulous about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark "a more intelligent movie". <br /> <br /> Do not let me fool anyone. Many of the above may sound delicious to the potential audience of this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. In general, I had no idea what relationship one configuration had with another, why we were there or what nobody was doing (at least when each scene began). It's just a random mix of settings and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and took them out as lottery numbers. Then, when it was over, he and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film using dice, then re-mounted it by launching the I Ching. Sometimes, the film is played like the roll of an extended director (which is a combination of short, varied and unrelated scenes that the directors circulate to try to get work), but perhaps that is too generous. I'm not sure Boll gets a job if this is his thing. <br /> <br /> As well as I tend to at least like most movies, I like actors more and most of the performances. It is very rare to say that a performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here, and I'm someone who generally likes Reid. I do not know what happened For a large percentage of the film, simply move it around the set as if it were an accessory. They could also have bought an inflatable doll. That would have saved them money they could have used for some Cgi ghosts and vampires in the castles and cemeteries. Maybe they chose to move it like a nice piece of floating wood after seeing the dialogues of their nonsense murmurs in a monotone that is usually reserved to entertain mothers-in-law. <br /> <br /> And speaking of that dialogue, a lot of Alone in the Dark plays like a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. By that I mean it's a lot of pseudoscientists swallowed. At least in the Godzilla movies, there is a bit of enthusiasm, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a great reward to see that Godzilla destroys the center of the city and fights a giant mosquito with radioactive death rays that fly out of his eyes or something like that. <br /> <br /> What Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to exaggerating and filing lawsuits against their agents, is hard to say. I can not say that I thought that someone in the movie had a decent performance, although perhaps Slater at least saw the cigar. I think that is unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> Still, I did not give this movie a 1. There was a competent cinematography, even if Boll and Schwadel made minced meat and the hard rock songs ended. The final credits were good. Hell, even the prologue to the novelette was not so bad. Actually I thought that the movie had promise at that time. But this may be the worst movie I've seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
