First of all, I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the history of the Dutch folklore of the ghost ship that is also called THE DUTCHMAN FLIGHT. In this movie, you will not see a single sailboat. You will not see sailors, ghosts, or anything remotely exciting. It's not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish it had been reported in the main credits or I would not have seen it, because I really thought it was the movie about the legend. It seems that many people think that the film has to do with the legend of the ghost ship, since the film appears on the Wikipedia page of the legend "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. Is it perhaps based on the legend similar to "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they simply adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a fight sequence that would allow anyone to expect the movie to have battle scenes. Unfortunately, it is the only battle scene in the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in the City of Lost Children) for about two seconds, and that would allow anyone to expect the movie to have a good performance. Unfortunately he is very bad in the movie. The same can be said of the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best actors in Italy in history, and who is condemned here to play a crazy bird hunter without a subsequent story whose sole purpose is to appear as the "wise man" of the movie. And boy, does that movie need wisdom? All the other characters in the story seem to enjoy swimming in excrement, screaming, torturing others (in excrement), fornicating (in excrement) or putting on excrement a little more just for the fun of it. It seems to be so much fun that each character in the story gets their turn thrown into the stool at one point or another. As part of a Dutch director, one might think that extreme filth and astonishingly real filth are necessary elements in a period work, elements that contributed to make the film by Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", a great movie. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" would allow anyone to expect a similar and visually simple movie to be good. Unfortunately, and unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progression, no fights, no good acting and, simply, there is no "Flesh and Blood". Photography, as the opening sequence unfolds, is well made and attractive. This too, stops very early in the movie. The music, by Nicola Piovani (from the fame of "La vità e bella") is repetitive and annoying, when it is not irrelevant (sometimes it implies that there is a greatness in a sequence, while on the screen the actors are splashing in manure liquid). Throughout the first "act" of the film, which lasts no less than an hour (!), The film takes place within the same perimeter, which is around the farm where the main characters live. The characters play a lot with excrement, they drown in it, they play in it. A long period of time passes through numerous ellipses to allow the main character, a child who loves to play in excrement, to age and play a little more. The bird man talks a lot to say nonsense in Italian. The Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything gets confused and takes hours to pass. Then there is a second act called "The Boat", in which we see what could have been a boat, a long time ago, but which is now the remains of a ship (covered with excrement, did I mention?). The main character, while walking a little further away from the farm, simply runs into him, and decides that it's really cool, so let's live in it. The hunchback who lived in it before is trying to kill him, but he really does not care because (did I mention it?) He's not very smart. Think that the ship can sail and wait to sail in it, until more conquerors appear (at least they seemed to be conquerors due to Don Quixote style hats, but as I said it is really confusing who is who), make the Dutch a Prisoner , along with the delayed hunchback, and burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard to bear for the viewer because it only consists of more excrement with more delayed peasants who fight in it, takes place in an asylum. Even more torture and mutual drowning with feces. Even more marauded by the director, who seems to have definitively given up his job, or to have gone to the second assistant camera crew to do the rest of the work. In the end, many of the new "friends" with mental problems that the Dutch made die. The woman with whom he had sex and who was the wife of his brother to start, tries to find his son. The Dutchman and his son speak. The film ends after two hours of images of manure and calamitous performances and techniques. Then, the roll credits and the viewer feel immensely free of having to watch atrocious movies without a plot that pretends to be something exciting like fantasy movies based on legends, while they are nothing more than a mere catalog of how full of excrement they can Get some movies when you do not have enough financial powers to put battles or even horses.
