The same night I saw this I also saw "Scary Movie 4", creating a double disordered function. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes, they could not cope with the revolt that is the Scary Movie franchise. While fighting against boredom here watching jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dated and brutally bad, the most recent parody made me laugh out loud. How could I want more than that? Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some type of growth hormone has gone horribly wrong and has turned tomatoes into killers. But his main goal here is to slap the genre of the disaster film that was so big in his time. The script stinks of humor, and maybe if you take illegal substances in your movie nights, this could be your cup of tea. I, sober, was caught watching an adult man hide like a tomato. And that joke, which is never fun, where there is also the discrepancy between the actor who speaks Japanese and the voiceover. Some may laugh, I did not. They even had a Hitler joke that was not fun, and I thought all of Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this movie is so divided (for no reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. . Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, bad jokes are told. Your goal may have been correct since your goals include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Oddly enough, the main selling point of this movie, those damn tomatoes, do not really make much appearance. And when they do, they get this, they're played by real tomatoes. That washed trick did nothing for me when I was very little when I saw a packet of tomatoes devour a body thanks to the magic of the tricks of the camera to stop the action. There is also the fear of going bankrupt at work here, which prevents this movie from being really fun. The joke of having someone fall asleep in almost every scene may please some members of the audience, but it is most likely to be seen as an invitation to join in the fun. <br /> <br /> I could also add that it seems to be an old-fashioned human egotism at work here. The man eats tomato and that is the dinner, the tomato eats the man and that is a world catastrophe. But this is how the world works. In the film, the product becomes bad due to a genetic modification, but in the real world our product (see: Taco Bell) becomes bad thanks to the abandonment. And like those green onions that do evil, the lifespan of this movie expired a long time ago. There are some good laughs to be had. The last shot was really splendid, but it was not enough to save this pump with a moderate odor. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie buried deep in this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen rewrites to get there. And by "there" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4". ** 1/4
