In case you are an expert in cult movies and / or a bad movie production, there comes a certain point in life. Preferably sooner rather than later? You have to see "The attack of the killer tomatoes". It is an inescapable certainty, since this is one of the most horribly famous cult films ever made. A small but essential detail, however, is that "The attack of the killer tomatoes" is deliberately horrible. From the opening message already, mocking "The Birds" by Alfred Hitchcock, this is clearly thought of as a parody without a budget and I can not escape the impression that writer / director John De Bello never expected his film to become exit. . The film distorts the contemporary popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature in general rebels against humanity) and introduces the least threatening type of vegetable that can be imagined as invincible killing machines. A government secret agricultural project to produce bigger and tastier tomatoes goes terribly wrong and soon there are reports of tomato attacks coming from all over the country. The president brings together a team of Special Forces to fight against the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with horribly dubbed voices. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is very entertaining. As stupid as it is, the sight of vegetables in a normal way jumping from the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is quite original and fun. The first half hour also contains numerous memorable moments such as the catchy theme, the "Jaws" tribute and the infamous unforeseen helicopter crash (see the trivia section for more details) that reached the final cut. After that, however, everything becomes a tedious, unstructured, and uncomfortably amateur disaster. The level of quality of the jokes goes from fresh and inventive to shameful and frankly not funny, and there are too many characters and secondary plots. Personally, I prefer the sequels of the late '80s and early' 90s (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefit from slightly better production values, incredibly exaggerated tomato special effects and the presence of veteran actor John Astin (" The Addams Family ") as the mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. But, as already said, the original and inexplicable material is still mandatory at some point in his life.
