*** Warning: this revision contains "plot spoilers", although nothing could "spoil" this movie more than it already is. It's really that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I begin, I would like everyone to know that this is one of those incredibly bad movies that you fall for laughter. If you're in a good mood and need a laugh, this is the movie for you. Now without further ado, my criticism: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a bin in Wal-Mart. That should be the first clue to how good a movie is. Second, it stars Dolph Lundgren, the action star. That should be the second clue about how good a movie is. I'm still surprised that it's even been put on a DVD (who would lose their money doing something like that?), Although as you can imagine, there are no extras or additional material on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie begins to play. <br /> <br /> First, the writer of this movie deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and is plagued by terrible single-line phrases; extraordinarily incredible, false dialogue; and inappropriate comments (such as Lee's comment on Lundgren's masculinity, err, which I will mention later). There is not a single honest line of sound in the whole movie. The dialogue and the plot go hand in hand, since the script and the plot progress in a totally absurd way. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and then, again, for no reason at all, Lee's character stops at the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says: No I'm going to let you go alone, because despite me, I like you! And I do not want to be killed! . or something like that, anyway. There are disgusting of a single line, mostly said by Lee. For example, when faced with a bad guy, Lee says: "You have the right to remain silent." You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention the completely inappropriate and meaningless comment that Lee makes about the Nordic regions of Lundgren. When the bad guys start attacking after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee tells him: "In case we die, I just wanted to let you know that you have the greatest Dick that I've seen in a guy ... Yeah, actually he says that ... It does not make sense and it's not even possible (Lee never sees Lundgren naked, so how would he know?), But the writer threw it into the script Anyway, the whole movie looks like some kind of action video game, and Lee even admits it, after Lee and Lundgren, who only wear underwear, defeat all those bad guys, Lee makes a comment that is also really beautiful : 'Wow, this is like a video game, we just defeated the first wave!' <br /> <br /> Second, the plot of this movie is despicable, it suffers, in my opinion, mainly due to the fact that it just does not exist. The trailer for this movie , which IMDb has available to watch, by the way, makes it look like the movie is about two cops trying to prevent the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. However, this is extremely misleading, since the movie has virtually nothing to do with it. They make very brief and vague references to the Yakuza trying to start a methamphetamine business with local drug traffickers, but the whole movie REALLY revolves around a poorly written attempt by Kenner (the character of Lundgren) to avenge the death of his parents, who The leader of Yakuza (called Yoshida) was killed when he was only 9 years old. Basically, the plot can be summed up like this: Yoshida wants Kenner to die, Kenner wants Yoshida to die and they both try to kill each other. And, of course, Kenner's sarcastic partner (called Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) acts like an ignorant idiot all the time, and Tia Carrere strips naked. twice. <br /> <br /> The acting is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and his totally insincere portrait of this emphasizes it even more. Anyway, you would expect a poor performance from the action stars, but this film highlights some of the most incredibly bad performances ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally, we get to the heart of the film's image: flagrantly bad action. There are so many surprisingly bad and unreal action sequences in this movie, it's just awesome that they managed to fit them all. Although Lee also has a good amount of bad scenes, most of the truly terrible action involves Lundgren. For example, Lundgren casually takes four or five bad kung fu boys with one hand, without spilling his tea. Then, when surprised by a car approaching at full speed, Lundgren jumps on him. Or how about when he reaches through a closed door, grabs the villain on the other side, pushes him back and hits him? Or when she lifts Tia Carrere, walks gently (does not run) backwards through a glass door that breaks around her, and jumps a floor height with Tia still on her arm, only to then lift a full car without the least effort. and use it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All shameless shootings are also terrible, with Lundgren and Lee instantly killing all the bad guys, while the rain of bullets from their fifty attackers never seems to hit any of them. That is, of course, until the scene of the final fight of the film. Lundgren is left blank in his bare chest in a region that, even if he managed to lose his heart, would immediately begin to fill his lungs with blood and kill him in a matter of seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in the best condition and manages to face off in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the evil super villain. And, of course, the people who pass in the parade disguised as samurai wear REAL sharpened katanas, which both use to fight with swords. Now, in addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren receives several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does this stop him? Of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, after easily killing the evil Yoshida (who gets caught in a dart wheel and then burst into flames for no reason), Lundgren leaves with Tia and Lee as if he were not hurt. . God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are mixed with a totally unnecessary and unnecessary nude scene every five minutes, including topless women at a party, the beheading of a topless woman, women at a party. strip club, nude women in a japanese spa and the useless jacuzzi and the love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the strange sushi bar, in which rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. Which, incidentally, prompts Lee to say with much false enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys, he and Lundgren "will go to eat fish from those naked girls". Which, of course, is followed by a disturbing maximum of five. And we can not forget the terrible edition, like when the villains are crushing a man stuck in a car in a scrapyard, and the editors left a really obvious look of a prop manikin. The credits also list a huge list of doubles workers, implying that many of the actions were probably not made by movie stars after all. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film repeatedly overcomes itself with blatant badness It's illogical and impossible, and as a result, remarkably entertaining. If you're looking for some kind of reflective cinema, this movie will make you want to die. If you're looking for a good laugh and a good time making fun of making a bad movie, you'll love this movie. Like a real movie, I will deserve this movie a 0.5 out of 10. As an entertaining way to lose an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
