The funny sound you can hear when you look at this execrable version of Jules Verne's classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is Verne spinning in his grave. The only thing about this 80-minute work that has something to do with "Journey to the center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this mediocre production is new and not worth seeing. In fact, the director has written here on IMDb.COM that he directed only eight minutes of "Journey to the center of the Earth" and the studio tackled part of the sequel to "Dollman" helmer Albert Pyun to his own "Alien from L.A." with Kathy Ireland. Evidently, the producers ran out of money and to fulfill the contractual obligations abroad, they grafted the Pyun sequel in the director's film Rusty Lemorande. Please, do not rent or buy this wretched piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> Unlike the vintage piece by director Henry Levin "Journey to the center of the earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, the "Journey of Lemorande" to the center of the earth "takes place In contemporary times in Hawaii, two companions, a British nanny and a dog come together for the adventure of their lives purely by coincidence: Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his brother obsessed with the comic Bryan (Ilan Mitchell- Smith of "Weird Science") are going to explore a cave, the heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper of "Underworld"), works for a domestic service called 'Nannies R Us', being a nanny has been the lifelong dream of Crystina, but she has done less than five of her babysitting jobs, however, her sympathetic supervisor, Mrs. Ferry (Lynda Marshall of "Africa Express"), sends her to Hawaii.The new client of Crystina, the star of the rock Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley from "Doomsday"), who is scheduling a final concert To revive his champion career, he has a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to take Bernard to a dog spa. Crystina is waiting for the arrival of her taxi when a careless motel employee accidentally places the basket that hides Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul has hidden his canine in a basket because the motel management strictly forbids pets at his facility. Foul has disguised the dog as a human baby. Anyway, Crystina takes a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After you reach them to get your dog out, the taxi driver walks away and abandons her. Crystina demands that Richard take her back to the city, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the boys and they get lost, and then they find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, in the center of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis repeatedly notify their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine stumble upon Atlantis by accident. Atlantis looks like a nightclub and everyone seems taken from a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), is orchestrating a foray into the surface with clones of the first human, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland, from "Roughness Necessary"), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, General Rykov's machinations to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth fail, and our heroes and heroines save the day. <br /> <br /> "Journey to the center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire on dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low-budget action directors, but he ruined it in this disaster of a science fiction saga.
