Journey to the center of the Earth is the story of some tourists from Hawaii, three of them brothers, and one of them a British nanny who takes care of children to a dog. When the brothers accidentally leave in their jeep with the basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (it could have been safer to buy more) to the cave that the brothers tried to explore (I suppose). For some reason, they actually enter the cave and then, when the place starts to give way, they try to leave in vain, except for the six-year-old sister who is told to seek help. Meanwhile, the more they move in the cave, the more they continue to fall more and more towards the cavernous core of the earth. And here is where they find the City of Atlantis and its strange alien inhabitants who live under the oppressive domination of a foreigner who does not want them to ask many questions about the worlds outside their own. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the nominated director of the film has provided commentary on this film, in which he explains that part of the second half of this film is actually the sequel to Alien in Los Angeles. Well, whatever it was, it was an incredibly cheap movie that would rate only a little higher than City Limits (a 1988 sci-fi movie made also with a non-existent budget) because at least the end of this terrible piece of film mostly Incoherent that cuts corners where you can point some humor and fun in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is like in the strange world at the center of the Earth. I also give it a two-star rating instead of one because sometimes it was funny, if only because of its subtleties. For example, foreigners ask the British girl if she is a foreigner and she explains that the Ministry should send her work visa shortly. Or when the alien girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in the city of Altantis and confuses it with Atlantic City, New Jersey. Small things like that make the idiocy of the first hour tolerable. Imagine how great the movie could have been if they had 1) really intended to do it, and 2) really had money to make it. <br /> <br /> I like how in the end, nobody asks. what happened to the little sister who was expelled at the beginning to get help. I would just be roaming the caves of Hawaii and not far from the erupting volcano, of course.
