Lick the movie Completely uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The car chase scene goes on and on and on until nausea. They manage to change vehicles a few times, but they always end up right in the tail of the bad guys. The scene in which Hartnett takes the family car with the children crying in the back is as stupid as it could be. He is telling you about Eastern philosophy and how it is good to die, which I imagine the writers thought was funny or even witty. It just came out as moronic, totally incredible and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subplots were not even explored, they were only used as fillers. Why does Hartnett get sick seeing corpses and keeps ordering hamburgers at crime scenes? Why, and for what reason, the head of the AI ​​is the bad man of the AI? Why can I pick up the friendly policemen and then let them answer their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics and then let them get out of there without a single pat on the wrist? For some reason, even though Ford is discovered as a cheat and a fraud when acting as a real estate agent (he makes the prices when he tries to sell the producer's house to increase his own commission), they keep coming back to him. anyway! They knew he had lied to both of them! However, there they were, reaching an agreement that both said they would never look for. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of those police movies in which they simply shoot for free on public streets without any worries in the world for innocent bystanders. There they were, just standing on the sidewalk at full volume while people hid to protect themselves. Surprising that they did not hit a single person after they had fired around 60 rounds each ... <br /> <br /> The writing of the scripts was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the plot was just one story for a very pathetic attempt To have us root for Ford and Hartnett. It fails miserably. And the Ford phone! Put out the damn thing! How many times could it sound in a 2 hour movie? fifty? 60? It was frustratingly aggravating by the midpoint in the movie! Every 30 seconds, that silly melody would play! And if it was not Ford, then Hartnett was ringing! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> Complete waste of time, Ford's worst movie since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was undoubtedly the low point of his distinguished career.
