Well, this movie really made me feel so strong that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. It is obviously horrible! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There are too many subplots to start. The character of Josh Hartnett is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to be living beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (some of whom wait naked in their Jacuzzi for when they return from work). Add to that the fact that his father was killed by a crooked policeman who happens to be involved in the current crime being investigated by the hapless duo. The character of Harrison Ford is trying to sell real estate in the side and is sleeping with the ex-wife of the Internal Affairs researcher, who runs a psychic radio program that the character of Ford calls from time to time. YOU DO NOT PUT US! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of the characters (that's how easy it is to forget), so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is the dialogue that is brutal. I mean undesirable things here. Include all the clichés in the book (having a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day having a drink where the barman knows his name, the duo is being investigated for internal issues (why?) Hartnett faces the killer your father) and you have a hell of a mess. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned, the plot is absurd and the continuity is non-existent: 1) When the Ford car is being recovered, how the hell did the kids repo? Do you know where it would be parked? Were they following him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it turns out that the only clue to the crime scene (an earring) is replicated in the charred bodies there (that was lucky!) 3) When the two are arrested and arrested by Questions: Ford He continues to answer his phone and Hartnett "centers" with a yoga pose on the table. Instead of taking Ford's phone, the AI ​​guy waits for it to ring every time and then tries to grab it from the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the AI ​​officer with Hartnett rubs on him. Then, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) During the pursuit of the car, Hartnett's car crashes and makes its way through Hollywood, but suddenly the car is perfect again. It's not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the bad man in the building and he enters the elevator, how the hell do you know what floor the bad boy got off? 6) When the two are chasing the bad guy in Hartnett's car, Ford is trying to close down a real estate business. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most unconvincing record executive of all time. His motivation to kill a group of aspiring rappers on his label? You can leave your label and it is a warning to keep your other groups loyal. But wait, how are you going to sign someone new with that business plan? 8) Why is the IA guy who is investigating Ford in the end arrested? There is no explanation !! 9) And Hartnett uses his "acting" to capture the bad guy at the end. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I really could. Anyone who looks more deeply into this film than a direct-action comedy needs to have his head examined because that's all. There is nothing more than that! It is not supposed to be satirical or ironic. It's just bullshit.
