Literally, all aspects of this low-budget science fiction film are included in the categories that have been classified for their predecessors, contemporaries and the following. Bad special effects, a weak plot, ridiculous amounts of blood and blood, annoying and useless characters, everything you can expect. "Attack of the Sabretooth" is about a new holiday complex where owners are genetically designing Smilodon cats for an attraction. The cats escape and start killing people, the guy who runs the program wants to save them and not warn the unsuspecting visitors, and there is a gang of visitors and some employees who rebel and plan to kill the cats. <br /> <br /> As for the special effects, the movie is about an average achievement given your budget. The sabretones are represented by poor CGI. Surprisingly, however, the cats look more realistic in a close and detailed shot instead of the longer and more distant shots where the CGI is better hidden. His attacks are recklessly bloody and unpleasant. As you expected, they attack, tear off some arms and legs and leave very little behind. This is part of the reason why the movie descends to a bad state. <br /> <br /> The plot and the characters are so horrendous. We have some college students who come to the island and plan a treasure hunt. And take it very, very seriously. Even like invading private property, tampering with security systems and stealing. Why are you taking a simple game so seriously? Have I missed something? Was there money involved? Or were they sent to do it? I do not know, I could barely follow the movie. But it seemed to me that they only did it for the fun of it. Even so, they went too far for normalcy. <br /> <br /> "Attack of the Sabretooth" is a very bad movie. Even for a low-budget science fiction movie, it's a very poor and cheap example. It will take most viewers to tears, it can be attractive to some, and it will make you laugh and laugh all the time. And keep in mind that this is not a comedy, it's a cheap horror movie, so it's not supposed to be comical.
