Three gigantic Sabreton tigers (created in a laboratory from mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic discovery" derived from fossil material) are released by accident through a series of events (like a virus introduced by a computer expert to unlock safety). the measures keep news stores closed during construction and a security guard leaves a door open while looking for the missing page in a pornography magazine that flew in the breeze) that threatens the lives of people with whom he comes in contact . Tigers are always hungry, but they can not digest what they eat. So more or less the tigers simply break their prey into pieces. The victims include a group of college students (stereotypes include a goth girl, an athlete and a technical nerd), security personnel, and those rich and somewhat developed scoundrels whom we can easily despise and wish for a horrible death. <br /> <br /> Rounding off a series of bad movies from science fiction channels, Attack of the Sabretooth has some of the most miserable computer simulated animals I've seen so far. And, the final sequence of death is presented in such a risky manner, it will demand within the deepest recesses of your soul the time devoted to this truly horrible exercise in the canon of creature characteristics. There is a bit of good black humor that is derived from the heads torn off the necks, but even here the prosthetic work is not convincing. Parts of the prosthetic body and blood are plentiful as the victims are attacked, asking for help and receiving none. I'm starting to sound like a broken record, repeating myself in every user comment I write for these science fiction channel movies. I think maybe it's time to move on to other types of movies. Robert Carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman who is being courted by his disgusting ex-brother-in-law, Nicholas Bell, the only one who opened "Primal Park", a tourist / zoo resort with genetically created saber tigers as his main attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still quite tasty, is a security officer who tries to convince Bell to get the investors she expects to put money into her multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover and his role is a mechanic in which operations are carried out smoothly. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate at the end, as a result of a tooth detached from a saber-toothed tiger statue, is the worst. Carradine spends much of the movie making fun of Bell, his archenemy. The tiger's point of view shows humans in a bright color as it moves towards them. Ultimately, the film consists of characters who walk through dark corridors (... the nerd virus of technology cut off power) concerned about their safety. University students commit to breaking and entering to qualify certain necessary elements (it is a type of treasure hunt activity) to enter a fraternity / brotherhood. The cast that these children play does not rise above their clichés.
