The film begins with a manager (Nicholas Bell) welcoming investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that mutates a primeval animal using fossilized DNA, such as the "Urassik Park", and some scientists resuscitate one of nature's most fearsome predators, the Sabretooth tiger or Smilodon. However, scientific ambition becomes deadly, and when the high voltage fence opens, the creature escapes and begins to wildly stalk its prey: human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a pack of prehistoric large animals that are more deadly and larger. In addition, a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his partner (Brian Wimmer) fight just against the carnivorous Smilodons. The Sabretooths, themselves, of course, are the true stars and are amazingly frightening but not convincing. The gigantic animals are wildly stalking their prey and the group becomes entangled and fights against the most fearsome predators of a nature. In addition, a third Sabretooth, more dangerous and slow, stalks its victims. <br /> <br /> The film delivers the products with a lot of blood and blood like decapitation, chills and chills, when the Sabretooths appears with mediocre special effects. . The story provides exciting and moving entertainment, but it turns out to be quite boring. The giant animals are mostly made by a computer generator and seem totally lousy. The mediocre performances even though the players react appropriately to become food. The actors give vigorous physical performances dodging the beasts. Running, jumping and jumping or hanging on the walls. And it contains a ridiculous final mortal scene. Not for small children because of realistic, bloody and violent attack scenes. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are the following: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the much better ¨10.000 BC (2006) ¨ by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film full of bloody moments is badly directed by George Miller and without originality, since it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (tide, trip to the center of the earth and many others) and occasionally for movies (The snowy river man, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Classification: below the average, bottom of the barrel.
