Giving this a score of 3 is NOT what it would give to the original Soviet version of this movie. It seems that American-International (a studio that specialized in very low-budget rates in the 60s) bought this film and completely destroyed it: cutting a movie of more than two hours in a 64-minute movie! In addition, much of these 64 minutes was new material (like the "monsters"), so he knows that this movie has almost no similarity to the original. The original film seems to be quite a direct drama about the conquest of space by the Soviets, although I'm really not sure what it was originally! For information on the original movie, read Steven Nyland's review: it was very useful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet film I've seen that American-International bought and then hacked. apart from making a "new" movie, the usual practice of a company that was willing to put almost anything on the screen to make money, as long as it did not cost them much more than money on the screen. first place!! This Americanized film was about two rival world powers (NOT the US and the Soviets) trying to be the first on Mars. The difficult "bad guys" try but fail and the "good guys" rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then go to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stranded on a moon of Mars, where they see some monsters (added by American-International) that are REAAALLY corny and one has similarity to a certain part of a woman's anatomy. Then, they are rescued - returning to Earth's heroes. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the movie was murdered - turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art (for the time being) into a C-grade movie. Because of this, the Soviets really had a reason to hate the United States. I'm surprised that the horrible job I did with this movie did not convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these idiots. It's worth taking a look at laughter, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are very few. Therefore, the film is a failure, not bad enough to make it a must-see for fans of bad movies and too stunned to be taken seriously. I would really love to see this movie in its original form, it must have been a picture.
