Monster is a tremendously horrible movie about an evil American concrete factory (is there anyone else in Hollywood?) Polluting the waters of the small Colombian city of Chimayo, creating in some way a beast like a catfish with a predilection for lamb and the lost women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man who is sent to Chimayo by his evil boss Barnes, who can not keep his hands off the back of his secretary to get to the end of the story. While in Chimayo, Bill must confront an annoying journalist who apparently transmits all his stories in perfect English directly to the United States. I suppose that in the seventies there was a news market for small South American towns. There is also a radical named Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory by polluting the water that, by the way, also gives the city jobs for the locals, but why let the economy of heart get in the way of the delicate environment and delicate? . Pete, the boss of the factory, unknowingly, is helped by the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells him that he is seeing the mayor's daughter, Juanita, and that it is over between them, that soon they eat it that night. A little lateral action without the evidence. I take my hat off, sir. John Carradine rounds out the cast as a priest who believes that the monster is sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the contempt he has for being in this movie in his face. He could also have filmed him running at the local currency exchange to see if his check did not bounce. <br /> <br /> Supposedly based on a true story, so much so that they say it twice in the initial credits, this movie is horrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford stepped into Monster's throat by adding his two annoying children as new characters, even placing his daughter, Andrea, at the top of the list with Mitchum and Carradine. The quality of the sound is non-existent and most of the scenes look as if someone had stained tar on the camera before filming. This becomes even more tedious during the many scenes done at night. The monster itself is ridiculous, as it shows its ugly rubbery head for the anticlimatic end. James Mitchum along with his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the acting industry should be reduced. Dreck totally invatchable. The shame of you John Carradine.
