In a summer that also had disgusting repugnant snakes on an airplane and The Da Vinci Code, that's a pretty bold statement. But, nevertheless, I support it. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months before, is too long, hyperindulgent and with CGI up to the eyeballs. My God, this is getting into my head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea of ​​'keeping it real' for his 2 exits. And I think his approach to special and optical effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombards us with so much CGI that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you're watching a blockbuster that thinks the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250 million (a totally irresponsible amount of money) on unpleasant visual effects that do not live up to the exaggeration. We've seen it all and we've been everywhere where CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a movie that is 95% composed of this shit ... well, you know that. <br /> <br /> I have read so many reviews of fanboy critics about how the film has 'soul' or 'A human heart' or 'moments of tender character'. Puh-lease! We have already had the superheroes meditatively shout "you would love me if you knew who I am" dozens of times in recent years and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. Even the plot is recycled garbage. Lex Luthor (an evil and hammy Kevin Spacey) conspiring to destroy America's mass was already made in the first movie! And, well ... that's your luck! It's amazing that they managed to get this crap out in 2.5 painful hours! Even if the cast was nice, it would make it less unbearable. But Brandon Routh has the on-screen personality of a mahogany hat-stand, Kate Bosworth is not convincing as a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, James Marsden is 250% lumber, as usual, and Kevin Spacey really needs to fire his agent or acquire something. better judgment The only cast member I liked was the charming Parker Posey. But I like strange looking girls. <br /> <br /> Every year, films like this one get bigger and more grandiloquent. Very soon we will have $ 300 million movies. Studies should realize that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of garbage, for all the resources it cost to make this movie ... was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! This junk has put me in superman for life!
