First, let me just comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic, and I very rarely felt that I was watching a video game. There, that's the last thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would like everyone who reads this to take note that I can not express in words how difficult it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have innumerable complaints about the movie, but four major complaints come to mind. My first major complaint has to do with the incredible taste of the "plot twist" (if you can call it that, since most people probably saw it coming a mile away), where Lois' 5-year-old son It turns out to be the super motor. son of superman. When the crying super-child throws a piano at Lex's man to save his mother, I almost get up and leave the theater. Singer could have made a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap tricks like an apparently fragile illegitimate child with a super powerful latent power. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to throw up. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint has to do with the fact that Superman lifts a continent made of kryptonite into outer space. There's no need for the Simpsons comic book to point out what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comics Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is exposed to a small amount of Kryptonite, he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Whoever has had the idea of ​​flying a large island made of its greatest weakness in space, does not have to be associated with any project related to Superman ever again. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the title character has a stake in his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made of garlic towards the sun. Why not make Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep with kryptonite pajamas. That is no more absurd than having it raise a continent of kryptonite into space and then be rendered powerless through the atmosphere without burning in the reentry or splashing the entire central park when it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint has to do with the fact that Singer slaps the audience with religious symbolism throughout the film. I have to disagree with his characterization of Superman as the only son of a Jor-like God sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not entirely intelligent, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth to be a savior, threw him into a rocket and hurled him into space because his planet was about to explode. I'll buy the allegory of Christ if Brian Singer can show me the part in the Bible where God sends Christ to Earth because the sky was about to explode, and then the radioactive parts of heaven become Christ's main weakness. Also, the scene of the "crucifixion" in which Luthor stabs Superman in the side with a "spear" of kryptonite, just makes me want to smash my face against a brick until I have a mental death to notice the blatant symbolism obvious and inappropriate that it will be to harm the man of steel in the foreseeable future. They could also change the name of this movie "Superman returns: the passion of Christ". <br /> <br /> And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint has to do with Singer's description of Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is an astute and cold-hearted business magnate who is more apt to run for president (what he does in comics) than trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; He wants to be in charge, not ruin everything. However, the Luthor we see in Superman Returns, as in all previous Superman movies, is a crazy theatrical stupid who comes up with crazy plans to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the previous Superman movies (quite horrible), this movie might not be such an unbearable parody. Maybe Singer's next project could be a Batman movie in which he focuses on Batman's interpretation of the 1960s television show. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To summarize, I do not know what I hate most, the film itself or the fact that many people seem to give it good reviews. Everyone has the right to their opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, your opinion is incorrect. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this so that they do not see this movie if they have not already done so. Do not see it, do not buy it when it comes out on DVD, do not rent it ... basically, do not contribute money for it in any way. This movie does not deserve to earn money. In fact, I think that for every person who watches this movie, Bryan Singer should receive a fine of 45 billion dollars. If you are a fan of Superman and really want to see this movie, just lean over and ask someone to kick you in the balls and you will get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
