Most of Stephen King's short stories are small gems, with original ideas that do not take long to develop; Basically slender and petty: place them quickly in a small number of pages, read and finish them before you know you've started. They are like the equivalent of a carton of McDonald's chips: they know very well and know that they do not have much nutritional value (from the literary point of view, they do not say much about the universal human condition), but you're still going to snort them, not be a pig and go for the extra-large portion and fill up with too much fat ("too much fat" is a metaphor for the prose in King's novels when you find yourself reading one of them and saying: Pop-cultural observations or You can now continue with the story! He has compiled four books of story collections, I have read them all, from NightShift to the last, Everything's Eventual, and all show an efficiency of reaching the point that is sometimes lacking in his novels size tomo. <br /> <br /> But his short stories never surpass his welcome ... which brings us to the television adaptations of Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How the hell did they get (the producers of the series) a green? Light to convert stories that usually average 15 pages in 50 minute episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". Stories with their names on them are probably not cheap, and one-hour shows allow more publicity than half-hour shows, so ... what should have been an anthology of episodes for the most part of 23 or 24 minutes is it becomes double that duration, and double the commercial time ... Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I will not waste time synthesizing the arguments of these stories: this review assumes that you have already read the stories and / or seen the program. ; What follows is simply my gut reactions to what TNT presented ... Of the four installments so far, here is my evaluation of ten cents (from the first to the worst): <br /> <br /> Battlefield : It is not a classic in any way. But, hey, how could anyone argue with preventing William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the ironic reference and destruction of the killer doll Zuni from Trilogy Of Terror showed me that the producers (and the teleplay writer, who is the son of Richard Matheson, the TOT writer) knew their mission with this Era to make the action was deadly, but at the same time, fun. It took more time to get to Hurt's apartment than he should, but I think he fulfilled his goal. 8/10 <br /> <br /> The last case of Umney - I liked this mainly due to the performance of William H. Macy's. I think the writer / Umney should have appeared in the story before the beginning of the private eye / Umney because it was the real reality of the story, and anyone familiar with the King's short story (probably half, if not more than audience) knew The chandlerian configuration should be interrupted by the reality of the writer, so let's continue with that, and eliminate the joke of soldier Dick, who is already cute and intelligent. However, once the tragedy of the writer / Umney's family began to reveal itself, I thought that the program developed an emotional connection that caused the viewer (at least me) to feel sympathy for Macy's real attempt to escape her sorrows. by usurping the exciting creation of his fictitious creation. lifetime. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The End Of The Whole Mess-- Uh, this title is what I felt about this episode when it ended. After twenty minutes, I was ready to scream on TV: okay, we got it, the younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston talking to the camera ("time is running out for me", not fast enough, I thought) that the young genius will discover something really bad for humanity; we know because it is already built. an airplane, but it almost died because it could not separate it from the path of a tree; and, he blew up his chemistry lab while teaching chemistry (thinking that the end of the world could have been avoided if only this child had had more parental supervision). Much time was lost in establishing the genius of Henry Thomas when we finally reached the resolution of his discovery, the end of the world through unintentional idiocy, how much can we see of the world that ends? "- a cheap video of a reporter who begins to forget what he is reporting, and short radio broadcasts announcing the day of the trial are at hand, Oh, and the brother's parents drooling and singing old songs. is that, if your story is really about the "end of all the disorder (world)", I want to see the "disorder" as it grows in flames, crashes and burns. Talk about ending with a moan, in fact 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End-- This episode just totally pissed me off, I could have lived with the eternal exposure of the happy couple arriving at their hotel, playing slaps and tickles, having lunch and taking a taxi (That was half the episode right there) If they ever crossed over, In Crouch End, the episode produced chills, but it failed miserably Not only was it scary, it was practically laughable Ooh, look, a kitten ... wait , turn ... God, look at that eye that is scary! Uh Huh. I've come a long way to shoot the Crouch End sequence at night instead of in daylight, too. Things that can be funny without meaning to can become more terrifying when you see them in the night shadows. But I guess the budget was not high enough to shoot at night in the fake sets of London that were slapped by this one. On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists who roam places they should not and the terrible things that can lurk around the corner. The only terror in this adaptation was the direction and the acting, which were really horrible. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Overall average of the series (so far): 4/10
