The remake was a remake of superior film in every way. Most of the remakes end up being total garbage, but under the very talented direction of Alexandre Aja it became one of the best that has been done in terms of remakes and also in regards to the human subgenre of mutated horror. In steps part 2, directed by another individual, Martin Weisz and written by the father and son combo of Jonathan and Wes "I can not make a good horror movie to save my life" Craven and if this is an indication that Weisz He directs skills and youngsters Craven writing skills for a painful future, since THHE 2 is not only not as good as the first one, but also fails to entertain at ANY level. <br /> <br /> We started with a pretty graphic mutant baby birth. which, although it is quite good, will not prepare you for the trash that is to come, just hints at what could have been in this movie. Then we can see a team of scientists to whom we have all presented and briefly sent by our radio refusals. In steps our main cast of army reservists to save the day, this is where the main problems begin. <br /> <br /> From the very poor performance (even for this kind of movies) to the horrible characters and the lack. of true carnage during most of its execution time, THHE 2 becomes a job to observe, since nothing happens while idiotic soldiers make mistake after mistake, only to face death not by the mutants but by them same. Think that the Marines in Aliens are exactly the opposite and you have the idea of ​​how well trained these soldiers are. This is the true shame of the film, since most of the occupants of Hills do not receive the murders that you would like to see, as in the first film, in fact, if this did not have the attached THHE 2 at the beginning and the brief summary In the Beginning to relate this to the first, this could have been almost an original of the Sci-Fi Channel. <br /> <br /> The Mutant Mountainbillies are not so much fun this time, in fact, they are very much inferior. to our previous lot, since all are considered little designed and not very interesting. Also the one who took the cake was the lazy type mutant (you already know Sloth of the Goonies) that helps them in the third act. I was waiting for him to ask for a Baby Ruth or to start talking about Rocky Road Ice Cream. Truly disappointing and embarrassing is the only way to describe most of the events here. <br /> <br /> The bleeding is in the film, but it is not as visceral as the original, in fact, it seemed dimmed for the most part as apart from the scene of the birth of the mutant baby, there really is nothing that is stand out as in the first. Another great strike against this movie. So, what worked here? The answer is nothing. This felt like a sequel designed specifically to make money with the success of the first and not to make a really "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can continue talking about the drill Drill SGT. has an impediment to speak (that's right, it's the kind of person with whom I want to seek help by radio in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who resembles the same character cast as our "hero" in the first movie, but I think you understand the point. This film is neither in the same league nor on the same planet as the first. He should have received another title and been added to the Saturday Night lineup on The Sci-Fi Channel. You could have made a real shame like a solid sequel, but unfortunately it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball on almost every level and you get one of my lowest scores, because I give THHE 2 the same score as your part: 2/10 Dreadful: Words can not describe how bad this film is as opposed to its predecessor in every way, without inspiration and without meaning down. Next time, guys, if you're going to make such a bad sequel ... do not even bother. Please, do not go support this garbage in the theaters, save your money and then thank me!
