As has been said countless times, "The Hills Have Eyes 2" is NOT a remake of the sequel to the mid-'80s (generally ignored) of Wes Craven's 1977 original. However, Craven (a double threat with his son, Jonathan) has decided to write a movie that is of the same quality, in simple language, but wishing to give this postmodern sequel to redo the official seal of Diminishing Returns. HORRIBLE. Martin Weisz, former director of music videos, takes the reins of Alexandre Aja, and is clearly in the way of the head. However, one wonders how someone could have created a movie visible from the screen of The Cravens' writing 101 scribbles. Not only the characters (in this case, a gang of men from the National Guard (wo) sent to investigate the turbulent hills of the original remake) are completely unpleasant and prone to the really annoying traps of the genre (played without a hint of irony, of course.), but they are constantly making jokes that are not funny. After seeing his total ineptitude during a training exercise, his fate against the repulsive and vagrant cannibals is painfully obvious. Only at this moment, as in the original sequel of the 80s, the script is so simplistic (actually, barely existing) that any potential subtext is discarded in favor of increasing the initial bet on repulsive shocks (it is a delivery combined) - Death during the opening credits, plus a free violation for those who have not ejected the DVD by the midpoint!). Even the mutants in this exit are monsters without personality of memorable stature: the makeup of sticky appearance and gummy looks like, like the rest of the film, try to hide his face from shame. I really complained when I saw the 'surprise' at the end of the excellent film by Aja, and the producers, literally, were ruined at the end of "Hills 2", setting the stage - very little preparing the stage - for a third installation .. However, Cravens and Weisz have created a film that is such a cynical bastard of what made the 1977/2006 versions work, so it would be difficult to find an audience after this insulting slap.
