This ridiculous and inept movie is undoubtedly the most wrong version of "Hamlet" to get to the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; going so far as to represent Ophelia in a straight jacket, the army of Fortinbras suddenly appears on the horizon (it looks a lot like the climax of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail") when the palace is apparently protected only by Francisco (who screams the very little Shakespearean cry of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being knocked down), and a multitude of stellar cameos that go back to the days of Bottom by Jimmy Cagney and Kate by Mary Pickford. <br /> <br /> Branagh chose to set up his film in an Edwardian setting, but at the same time decided to use an almost uncut text, so often the dialogue that is firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality makes no sense in the context in which it is being carried out. And Branagh does not care about texture niceties such as the ambiguous nature of Hamlet's and Olphelia's relationship, and treats the audience with a bare, vulgar sex scene between the couple that throws any ambiguity out of the stained-glass window. <br /> <br /> The uncut text allows Branagh to enjoy his favorite cinematic pastime: more images of Kenneth Branagh. This is never as evident as in the "How all the occasions are reported against me" speech that ends the first half of the nineteen hour film (at least that's what it feels like), which attempts to interpret a dramatic crescendo throughout of Gone With lines The wind is "I'll never be hungry again". This can serve Branagh's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or the speech: when I saw the movie in the theater, I leaned toward my partner and giggled "Great moments with Mr. Hamlet". Branagh keeps the funniest and tasteless moment to the end, when he tries to overcome Olivier's film and his just-famous death of Claudius by having Hamlet jump from a tower to the monarch, impaling him with a sword. The Dane of Branagh does it in the king heroically throwing a seemingly magical sword across the palace to pierce the heart of Claudius with the bull's eye of a superhero. The only thing that saved the moment from being unbearably maddening was that it was really fun. <br /> <br /> While this film has been praised in some quarters as a serious description of the tragedy, it is in fact nothing more than an exhibition full of stars of a filmmaker who once had talent and who was exceeded for his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer but a few unintentional laughs and the atrocious sight of a man's ego out of control.
