Okay, let's not get confused here. If this is a sequel to a remake of an original horror classic, does that mean it's also automatically a remake of the sequel to the original horror classic? We hope it's not a general rule, like Wes Craven's continuation of the original "The Hills have Eyes." Launched somewhere in the mid-80s? It is easily one of the worst and most redundant horror movies ever made. The second part did not have a real plot and reused the original images only to further exploit the success of the genuinely gritty and petrifying premise. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs suffer flashbacks and painful memories, as the loyal German shepherd Shepard of the Carter family once again experienced his bloody fight with one of the mountain mountaineers. There were some alarming signs that indicate that this sequel would also be a tremendous failure. The remake came out just a year ago and is the sequel? The incredible speed of its launch causes you to question the quality of the script. Do not they need a little more time if they want to create a movie that should be frightening, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexandre Aja modified almost without help the general opinion about the remakes of terror, since he had the courage and the intellect to change essential elements in the plot and add more nauseating desire than anyone could have expected. In addition, Aja is a young director with much talent and was noted with his classic French cult instant "High Tension", but who is this new director? "The Hills Have Eyes" by Aja was an unexpected success, appreciated both by experienced generations and by older generations of terror fans, as well as by younger and enthusiastic target groups. It's a really good movie and, even though an avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable, it is highly unlikely that any of them will match the amazing quality level of Aja's success. Considering all this, in addition to a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this hasty sequel really is not as horrible as expected. The script is a grind of routine horror, cliche, that presents a fairly large number of characters with little or no spine and that shows without taste how they are killed by monsters of traditionally repulsive aspect. After the events of the first film, the US Army established a camp in the middle of the New Mexico desert to investigate the effects of the nuclear tests, which took place there in the 50s and 60s. For the horribly mutated survivors of the mining community that remained there during the radioactive tests, the scientists and researchers form a tasty start until the main dish of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They are supposed to leave only food and supplies, but face their last military training exercise when faced with the relentless humanoids that live within the remnants of the mines. <br /> <br /> Basically, this is just another number. Slasher with silly characters who are, even after losing several of their friends, still stupid enough to separate from the group and act as easy targets to kill. It is also very easy to point out which ones will come out of this adventure alive, especially when one of the soldiers is against all types of violence and another continuously watches the video images of their cute 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" is completely lacking? How can you wait? Originality, logic and plausible situations. The mutated miners are not as threatening as their colleagues in the first part, mainly because they are not organized this time and they only behave like slobbering monsters and prototypes of hunger for sex. Since you do not mind the amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and definitely do not feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this movie is much less convincing and involving than the original from last year. The most peculiar thing is that this second movie is not as violent and bloody as the first one. The sequels generally compensate for the lack of suspense and the absence of surprise turns with extra bloodshed and more graphic kill sequences, but the action in this sequel is actually quite moderate compared to the ill images of its predecessor. There are a handful of scenes to satisfy bloodthirsty terror fans? Mainly showing soldiers falling down cliffs or being shot by their own weapons? but unfortunately there are no outrageous battles or virulent dog attacks. What a pity! What is the point of a sequel if it does not even exceed the level of rudeness and / or gratuitous filth of the original? Luckily, the movie is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you'll have more fun seeing all the things that do not make the slightest sense! For example, wallets that fall from the bloody heads of people, women without any muscle power like hard ass soldiers and? my personal favorite ?? assign the soldier ONE with a speech disability to operate the radio communications.
