Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the best attempts to update the horror films of the 1970s to a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed an admirable degree of character development and, when the violence began, it was cruel and savage, and everything was carried out in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design. I was one of the few people who really thought it was better than the original and they expected a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the wild mutants of the desert. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills have Eyes 2', launched just one year after the original, seems like a hasty and ill-conceived attempt to take advantage of the franchise without thinking about quality. The script of Jonathan Craven could have been written in a weekend, and given the speed with which this film reached theaters, it probably was. It is based on every cliché of trite genre in the book and offers absolutely nothing new to the mutant mythology of the desert. I always let out a moan of disappointment when a sequel replaces the civilian characters with the military. Soldiers are always so lazily written and never get bored in rude caricatures of silly males. In my opinion, 'Aliens' was the only movie that successfully made a transition of this kind, due to the talent of James Cameron, not only for directing the best action sequences, but for never forgetting that the public has to worry about the people killed He was also skillfully assisted by some genuinely talented actors. With 'The Hills have Eyes 2', it is clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the cast of television actors does not have the talent or inclination to turn their cardboard characters into something that comes close to life, breathing Human beings. <br /> <br /> It goes without saying that each character is a broad and generic cliché. They act stupidly and illogically, making silly and illogical decisions that lead to predictably mute and illogical deaths. The second half of the film becomes another tedious scenario of pursued by dark corridors. 'The Descent' (in which Sam McCurdy, coincidentally, also worked as a cinematographer) showed that even most of the derivative sequences can be carried out with genuine originality and suspense, but we do not see such innovation here. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie, without any suspense, tension or surprise, and there is not a single individual involved remotely interested in producing something of quality. It's a docile and tired excuse for a sequel and he deserves to spend the rest of his life in a blockbuster bargain box.
