'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most foolish and blatantly stupid sequels that have appeared at some point, is a 90-minute incompetence film at its best. Or the worst, as you choose to look at it. While the remake of 'Hills' of 2006 was one of the best and most terrifying horror films of the year, this sequel takes all the sparks of what made it an achievement. Part 2 never takes off from the ground, nor does its numb mental dialogue. The worst part is that it is not so scary. <br /> <br /> The 2006 remake was followed by a family that is in the middle of the desert of New Mexico, abandoned, and one by one, stopped by quiet and sadistic people. People who, as a result of the military testing the atomic bomb on their land years ago, have become who they are. Survive the travelers who roam the region. The sequel puts audiences in the same desert, now occupied by the military while undercover investigating the hills and what might have happened to that poor family. When a group of military practitioners are taken to the camp, they find it deserted and without signs of life. A sad reality soon happens to them, since they realize that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that was given to many before them will soon become their destiny. <br /> <br /> It does not take a genius to realize that 'Hills' has no legitimate reason to exist. But because last year's remake was well received both at the box office and by critics, it was not a surprise that a sequel to the production was released while there is still money to win. There is no rhyme or reason for it this time, just an incredible and ridiculous configuration to pave the way for unreflective characters, not original murders, a nonexistent story and a great interest. Originally, director Alexander Aja turned Craven's cult classic into a remake that was a unique and disturbing experience. One that thickly crossed the line on more than one occasion. His frank show of violence, sadistic torture, comprehensive characterization and suspense of white knuckles were used effectively to scandalize and reject audiences. The second time, it is rejected again. There is no style, there is no sand. He tries to increase the tension by dismembering bodies, when all he really does is create a film that has been there, made, where even the gore seems tame compared to the most recent blood baths. <br /> <br /> It's a sad state of affairs when deformed mutants who capture women for foster care can not keep up their attention. It's a bore, nothing more. 'Hills' has no bite. Despite a jump or two here and there, there is nothing scary in this horror movie by numbers. It feels like something you would see in the science fiction channel, only with some F-bombs, a splash of blood here and there, a rape and a graphic birth scene that is more disgusting than shocking. It is cheap. And with 'Colinas', you harvest what you sew. Without any effort, you can not expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz as director was the first big mistake of the film, all he does is drain the film of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more surprising is the uncharacteristic script written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. Questions, how bad could it be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven has had his fair share of clunkers in the past, but he would never expect something like that from him. It's so funny without wanting to, you have to ask yourself, is Craven playing a joke about this? Or did you throw this to your son after the studio paid him? The characters in the film are one-dimensional talking heads without emotion or common sense. The acting is equally bad. The only character that can conquer you is Napoleon Napoleon, the scrawny child who does not fit in with others. Even the villains upset and driven by instinct, with whom we could have found a favor in the depths of our thoughts a year ago, are indifferent. You do not hate them, you do not like them. Honestly, I could not care less. Like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were dizzy with fear during 'The Hills Have Eyes', as it was with me, it will be hard for you to find something to enjoy in this piece of junk. It is as generic as it is generic, and here there is absolutely nothing that we have not seen many times. I can not express this enough, avoid 'The Hills Have Eyes II' as the plague. It is frightening, unoriginal, frantic and boring. Stay with Craven's original remake or vision. Because if you do not go out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
