I saw this movie at its launch and I've seen it 3 or 4 times more, including last week. I am sorry to have to be a dissenting voice with regard to Mr. Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> This is really a glorious and sumptuous movie, not to mention ambitious with more than 4 hours duration: beautifully filmed and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others do good jobs. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If there was ever a vanity project for an actor, this is it, and Mr. Branagh does not skimp on putting Ham in Hamlet. From the cast of doubles (which gives us the worst performance of Jack Lammon), to the entertainment business launched to instill a sense of "naturalness", to its own performance, which covers the entire range since the release of the single. soliloquy most famous in all literature to scream all the lines of others. His performance confirms that, although it can be found better on the stage where a larger size is needed, it has never been a great film actor. The scenography budget could be charged to the food service, Mr. Branagh eats a lot. His performance is a perfect example of why people are not going to see Shakespeare, "full of sound and fury, which means nothing." And if there are flaws in its direction, it is that it keeps the camera firmly attached to its exaggerated performance. <br /> <br /> No matter what theories people can postulate about the Bard, he was, after all said and done, a playwright. The brilliance of his works rests on the fact that his subjects are universal and timeless. Although there is no "correct" way to interpret his works, there is undoubtedly a great performance, a good performance and a bad performance. The same Shakespeare gives instructions to the players in the text of "Hamlet". I am surprised how Mr. Branagh "insinuated" him, but he did not hear it. It was an example of spending too much time figuring out how he's going to say something, and very little of figuring out what he's saying. <br /> <br /> Although Mr. Branagh has certainly done a wonderful job of setting up some entertaining productions, it would be prudent to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. His direction has always been better than his performance. I still give him immense credit for resurrecting interest in filming Shakespeare. Established a large template for other productions. And, it would be interesting to see him on stage, from about 20 rows back. But, I hope you choose to direct more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Certainly. There are many small joys found in the movie. But, it is a long, long film and, in the end, one can feel that they enjoyed less than they survived.
