I suppose all the inner jokes are what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was horrible, but given the ridiculous story and the nature of the characters, it probably could have been a much better (and funnier) movie. Maybe all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers have already pointed out, is something of a parody of Gremlins. Hence, all references to the movie. The movie begins somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. An annoying dufus named Paul, aspiring comedian who does not offer sarcasm or witty jokes during the film despite his career plans, is hiding with his father in the caves. His father is a type of unconventional archaeologist, who searches the caves not for artifices or mummies or anything, but proof of U.F.O. And that's where the Munchies come into the picture. Hidden in the crack of a rock is a small ugly mutant that looks like a rotating rubber doll with Gizmo's voice. They name it Arnold, they hide it in a bag and take it home so that Paul's father can finally show evidence of extraterrestrial life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot that he is, breaks the promise he made to his father. see Arnold (a bet he made with his father, if he loses, he goes to community college to get a "real" career). The spooky neighbor next door with the bad carpet, Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are doing. Then, he and his lazy son, a hollow-headed hippie guy (who looks more like what a motorcyclist or heavy metal enthusiast should have made of his character) to go and snatch Arnold. Why? A quick plan to get rich, of course. And, of course, even Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after some pounding and elbowing in Arnold, it multiplies into more Munchies. <br /> <br /> This was not a movie that was so bad that it was good. It was just horrible. He hoped the Munchies would have mutated and killed the idiots who always chased them, including Paul and his girlfriend. At least, it would be a way to get rid of all the bad performances in this movie that really do away with the movie. Not to mention the poor special effects that look like hand puppets. And really bad writing everywhere, it was not even funny, not even that young cop who can really give you the homicidal contraction in your eyes. As I said, Munchies, if they had been given a real budget and better actors, they could have achieved a good parody. Happen.
