Munchies begins in darker Peru (it looks more like a dirt road) where the archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings were actually control centers of spacecraft and is on a mission to obtain evidence that extraterrestrial life forms have visited the Earth, while in one of those structures he discovers a strange creature that he keeps in your backpack and take home. He goes to the small American town of Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is the test he has been looking for and for some inexplicable reason decides to leave the thing at home while sharing his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast food businessman Cecil Watterman (again Harvey Korman) steals the child so his brother does not make money with her, but his idiot stepson Dude (Jon Stafford) has a fight with she cuts it with a knife, but the individual parts grow back into small separate creatures that cause a lot of havoc among the townspeople ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Bettina Hirsch, this has to be one of the worst comedies of terror, if not the worst. Lance Smith's script is so funny that it's painful. Every joke in Munchies misses the target for the proverbial mile, I doubt that the humor in this piece of shit even attracts preteens. There is simply nothing remotely funny or amusing in Munchies as far as I'm concerned. The basic story is also a crap, they just find this creature running without explanation of what it is, why nobody has seen it before, how he manages to learn English so fast and how he learns to drive, etc. Everything is a great scam by Gremlins (1984) without any of the elements that made the movie so good. The characters are stupid, the stupid Deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil with a shameful wig and fake mustache and his air wife, Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are simply embarrassed and ridiculous, I challenge anyone to find this ridiculous garbage funny. Basically, Munchies spectacularly fails because it's a comedy or a horror and ends up being, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch was obviously working with a low budget here and everything you see takes place in two houses, the desert, some caves and a minigolf field. This is really a cheap and incompetent movie. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really horrible, they are only dolls that have no movement unless someone off camera pulls a rope tied to his arm. I can not emphasize how bad the effects are, these things do not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as I and he showed yesterday!). Totally incompetent, this movie stinks. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is terrible, bad special effects, boring production design, garbage games and good, everything is crap. The performance is rotten, from the police to Korman, who has two roles that show he can not act and is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a really bad movie that fails in everything. who tries to achieve it, make sure you see it if you want, I will not stop you, but just do not say they did not warn you! My advice would be to see the Gremlins again, but the decision is yours!
