Most would agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in the history of comics. I'm not an expert on Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of the X-Men and I definitely approved the now widely known portrait of Huff Jackman from the disheveled Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, I found the sequel too heavy and messy and I liked the third as an entertainment comic. Throughout the three films, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​making an "origin": the film about Wolverine could end up being a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we concentrate on a character, I thought that there could be a film that achieves what I found in the one that failed in the second movie, which is a quite complex comics adventure based on characters. <br /> <br /> The movie fails is not because the competition is tougher after The Dark Knight. It is not even due to a development of the plot that is more than obvious and rudimentary, although it is certainly not good, no, it is because the film does not even seem to try. For starters, this does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action in this movie that is presented as very, very automatic. No special effects or elements of suspense, and when an event will make you predict the next five, it almost feels like a Uwe Boll movie, imitating an action / adventure movie concept that you've seen a dozen times before. Of course, nothing in this movie is as horrible as a piece of Bolls ** t, but when everyone talks about clichés as if they were part of such a standard chain of events, at least you make the connection and that is surely bad. enough. <br /> <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, that makes you forgive many plot holes and character stupidities. I think you find the most fundamental flaw in the same title. I mean, "Origins." Really? What do the people behind this movie think about that title? What do they mean ?? Do you want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They escaped from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! The Civil War, the First and Second World War and Vietnam too. Why did they do this? An unknown. Finally, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "How?" you ask. I do not know, I was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes but why?" still questions I just said I do not know! The movie does not explain. He is bad, it's good! "Yes, but ... you know, 'origins'" ... Yes, well, that's a source! I mean, duh! Anyway, they eventually end up with a super secret team of elite mutant soldiers. Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets enough and leaves his brother. For six years he is a happy woodcutter with a loved one, who ends up a little helpless at the time when Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yes, but ... but ... why?" - Shut! - And Wolvie decides to be a guide for a group of evil scientists who make him a metal war animal covered in meat. He chases all the bad guys and they chase him and, after all the fighting, he ends up with his erased memory, and he tells X-Men the first movie. <br /> <br /> There. That is the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The movie itself will not tell you anything else. Without worthy action scenes, there are no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines of the audience of my sofa: Fat suit! Black guy! I give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie. .., that's supposed to be Gambit ... mmhm, yes good ... uh-huh, right), not a line of memorable dialogues and zero lines to cover a shirt, adding to that the common stupidities that ruin Plausibility in general, you can usually forgive ... well, that sounds like a waste of time, right? The fans are going to see this, or they have already done it. There is nothing to stop him. But if you liked the X-Men movies for the sole reason that they were well made and entertaining, look again and do not do yourself any favors when trying to look for origins where there are none.
