Milking without soul of the cash cow franchise. Generic movie of superheroes. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood "A series of unlikely events". The combinatorial iteration of the mutant fighting scenes united by an insane exhibition that justifies the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I'm not expecting Shakespeare here, but the cliché per minute was not up to par: Primal screams as he looks up at the sky and kneels on the murdered bride. Renegade military commander. Double predictable crosses. Revenge sought by the dead lover. Erased memories. Evil character discovering morality at the last minute. Wrong failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in hand-to-hand combat. The lover is not really dead. The lover actually acts as a spy for the archenemy of the hero. Bride / spy actually falls in love with the protagonist. Good people work for the antagonist to save the kidnapped relatives. The evil brain does not keep the promises of reluctant employees. The kindly old couple cares about the tired hero and is killed by his problems. Certain deaths avoided when third parties arrive on the scene before the coup de grace. Hero reluctantly joins the secret government agency. Abandonment of the elite squad in protest against the sacrifice of innocents. Scientists can not control the indestructible killing machine of their own creation. The government's "secret weapon", obsolete but kind, kills a better designed but ruthless successor. The hero moves away from the remains and casually lights a trail of gasoline behind him. After everyone has surrendered, the flat heart monitor takes a pulse. The evil brain explains the plans for the hero that he no longer sees as a threat. Hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because he is "better than that." The character of transparent comic relief makes funny comments and extravagant comments. Joyful psychopath delights in random murderous riots. Almost the indestructible Goliaths hurl one another through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal. The man sends dozens of enemies wielding weapons with nothing more than a skilled game of swords. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. The antagonist uses the murder of a loved one as a justification for a wrong crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but this is simply exhausting. If you are over twelve and do not live in Mom's basement, there is probably nothing here for you. Depressing enough, it's not too far from being suitable for superhero movies, so discount everything I've written if you can not get enough of the genre.
