It's official, friends. Hou Hsiao-Hsien does not have a thought in her pretty little head. Are you wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is that Qi?) Does not appear in this one. Instead, we have a Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan, judging from his song at the end, he's a pop star like the girl who serves you in Rockin 'Curry is "an actriss" and a lost Tadanobu . Asano, usually a quality indicator, who is not asked to do anything here, to stand around and see himself as an Asian nonconformist who mutters and is too old to handle that. <br /> <br /> Hou's philosophy? Life is limbo, a great nothing, feel it and move on. I would like to do that, but Hou does not give us anything to feel at Cafe Lumiere beyond a soft photo essay of Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the amazing observation that people are boats that pass at night, no, they enter the trains that pass. the day, never connecting, each one rushing to their own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or perhaps a bridge if they are lucky. Yikes Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most extravagant, technically accomplished and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director who created the first film of that film, which presents about twelve actors conversing at the speed of a machine gun for about ten minutes in a row, a feat of impossible direction? Could I get caught doing this laconic sub-Jarmusch reality porn for two movies in a row now? Millennium Mambo may have a dead weight, but at least it has two large takes, shots that point to Hou's true calling as the equivalent of the Odilon Redon movie: those shots are the sexual scene with the lights flashing arrhythmically and the initial shot of Shu Qi floating down a blue corridor. Your M.O. while making Cafe Lumiere seems to have been to remove the two large shots of Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. You will be the judge if that sounds attractive. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to refine, he can not refine the idea of ​​limbo beyond Flowers of Shanghai. It needs to expand, swell to the outside, liberate the internal expressionist and the revitalizer of gender that is being wasted without meaning in the cliché minimalism. It's time for him to do a new live action version of Akira or something like that. This type of artistic film in which the actors are supposed to be authentic because they hold them faceless in most cases and speak in monosyllables is now as safe, with ghettos and stagnant as the great success of Hollywood. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak?) It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop talking. On the other hand, considering that only 2005 brought big budget movies as diverse and rich in ideas as Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, it is now safe to say that even Michael Bay has overtaken Hou, and that is really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that, although Hou is in his 50s, frankly it seems to me that he has not even started. There are a couple of moments in this movie that show that the promise is still there, like a bit of a bad mood at the beginning of the bookstore when the room darkens to a sunset red while Hitoto talks about babies with pixie faces. But whatever the fear that holds him back, however comfortable it is to make the same movie over and over again and be hailed by the credulous and pretentious as the savior of cinema, Hou, his time as the love of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto , Berlin. and whatever it is, film festivals are almost ready and people are taking over their fast double trick. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you are dealing with these two tedious scams that are about to climb their own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt in a sci-fi epic, sell, be vilified, but leave social criticism to people who have no eye or heart. Let your pictorial talent be expressed to the fullest. Otherwise, you will not leave the limbo.
