I'm relatively lagging behind the transcendent work of film author Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterly views of Japanese life, especially in the post-World War II era, illuminate universal truths. Having seen several of his iconic films as "Late Spring" of 1949 and "Tokyo Story" of 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly idiosyncratic gift of conveying the range of feelings that arise from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narrations and images subtle It is the great aspiration of the Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien to pay tribute to Ozu in his centenary with this generally unnerving 2003 film. Among co-screenwriter T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to understand the images well, but it does not capture the necessary emotional weight that would have made the glacial rhythm tolerable. <br /> <br /> The story concerns Yôko, a young Japanese writer who investigates the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in the mid-twentieth century in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan, where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of character configuration, she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yôko's friend in the cafeteria, Hajime, who runs a second-hand bookshop, has an obsession with trains and it seems likely that he is in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this thin line of tracing with a series of shots for excessively long shots as the composition of the frame changes. There are also long periods of silence, as well as a lot of scenes with trains. While these techniques are consistent with Ozu's style, it seems that Hsiao-hsien can not immerse himself in the mentality of the characters in the way that Ozu did it with maximum fluidity and minimal theatricality, in particular, the difficult situation of Yôko seems quite uncommitted in the scheme of the presented drama and the reaction of their parents is too passive to maintain much interest. In fact, the whole movie has an atmosphere of exhaustion, which makes the film feel interminable. <br /> <br /> The performances are discreet, although hardly memorable. The star of J-pop music Yo Hitoto brings a natural ease to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is something like Hajime. The rest of the characters barely register, including Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Filmmaker Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work, though he violates a fundamental rule of Ozu's films by not keeping the camera steady during shots. Hitoto speaks and sings the pop song that is used in the final credits, "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes an hour-long, French documentary, "Métro Lumière", which actually helps provide some of the context for Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It includes excerpts from Ozu's films, in particular, "Equinox Flower", to show the parallels with this film, although surprisingly no mention is made of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", the obvious basis for some of the scenes and situations. UPS. There are also clips of interviews edited by Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the trailer of the film.
