CREEPSHOW 2 is the unfortunate sequel to the original (overrated) by George Romero, CREEPSHOW. Any sequel after a Romero movie that is not directed by Romero himself has to fill some large shoes, mainly due to the Romero fans who think he is God. I did not care much about the first film and funny enough, I did not care much for the sequel. The film series had a lot of potential, but it did not last long because both films were less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it only had three stories (excluding the middle story), and because the first story was irreversible, it only left the possibility of almost half of the movie being * really * good I saw CS 2 at the cinema and the first segment was a real moan. Anything dramatic with George "I can not act" Kennedy is automatically condemned and the story of Indian Statue was too clumsy and simply did not belong to this sequel. So after a really trite and boring start, there were only two more stories to reverse the fiasco of the aborted start and, unfortunately, the other two stories were not good enough to forget the first story. THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER are moderately successful, moderately because even though the other two segments have their moments, they still fall flat. The last two stories are basically stretched for too long. It's not that I wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but the two good ideas found in those stories were nullified by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually vanished when the segments needed more energy. More erratic and with more sharp ends. In addition, if the last two stories had not been stretched to fill the film or if the three segments had been shorter with better editing and direction, they could have added a fourth story much needed for the group. Having only three cushioned segments made for a boring party. <br /> <br /> The acting and writing in both segments of THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER are tremendous to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. It's probably her best moment on screen, aside from her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead on MOONRAKER and on DEATH ON THE NILE. But even his role is difficult to understand at times because of the useful direction and the unfocused history. Are we supposed to hate her or sympathize with her? Are we supposed to sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker? If other people found the hitchhiker's body on the road, what was he when he attacked Chiles? Was it a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body finally leave the presence of other people who found him dead to attack Chiles? All this is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the ending is quite boring and without incident. <br /> <br /> As for THE RAFT's infamous story, well, the acting is mostly on the horrible side and none of the characters are sympathetic or interesting. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors had acted themselves. None of the actors is convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the fool he is playing and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not as convincing as the typical bitch bitch. She seems too shy. The same could be said of the other two that play "simple" teenagers. The idea of ​​the killer oil stain is interesting and scary, but it is not well executed. There should be a fifth character in the story, perhaps a homeless man or a ranger who roams the lake and knows the oil spill and could have been the alter ego of the watery monsters. As creepy as the oil stain, it is not a convincing "character". And so the story ends, everything seems useless. No frights <br /> <br /> Except for the few exciting aspects that always seem to make boring things worthwhile, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in a theater was basically a waste of time and money. CS 2 is more rental material than something you pay to see on the big screen.
