He may not be a great admirer of the original "Creepshow," but his trashy sequel makes the anthology look perfect! And to think that I was going to go into this hoping that I like it more. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns on board the EC Comic trail and on this tour the script of Steve King's three stories. However, the address is passed to Michael Gornick. The film for the most part wavers in that aspect with uneven Gornick brushes. But most of the blame would have to go to the terribly stagnant and unbearably trembling script of Romero (especially in those dialogues that are conveyed through the first and last story). The moral messages (which came mainly from a bunch of sour characters) simply took over the black humor. Oh, it was painful and the same can be said about the live music that accompanies the image. Uniting lightly the three stories (Old Chief Woodenhead, The Raft and The Hitchhiker) together is a slightly curious and effective enveloping story done in the form of an animation of nostalgia (80). I really liked this segment and the Creep character was a bright light. <br /> <br /> # The first story "Old Chief Woodenhead" sees two elderly owners (George Kennedy and Dorothy Lamour) from a general store in a dying native community, Dead River. Stolen and finally killed by a couple of punks who die to live in Hollywood. In front of the store there is a wooden statue of an Indian chief who comes to live to take revenge for their deaths. <br /> <br /> -Listen to the waffles of George Kennedy .. And continue for 10 minutes about how he is committed to his "great" community. What a pleasant and delicate moment. Well, like Kennedy's speeches, this is a monotonously colorless and overdrawn article that never makes a good premise. The dominant script is simply inane and the performances are adequate. These two factors really increased my headache. When the Indian comes to life and becomes an avenger, the thugs meet with a very rapid (albeit spooky) death in the proper way. The effects were commendable, but what about that free flowing hair? How could Hollywood tear down that lock of hair? Ugh! <br /> <br /> # The second story "The Raft" follows a group of drug addicts and yahoo teenagers heading to an isolated lake. After swimming to the raft in the middle of the lake, they get trapped on the platform due to a sinister-looking creature that lurks in the water. <br /> <br /> - Now this is much better, MUCH better. What starts when your basic teens become violent becomes a mysteriously spooky configuration that is filled with tight, claustrophobic tension. And he can not even stand the flashes of nudity or spiteful spatter. Pretty morbid is and that goes for his sense of humor too. The surprisingly ironic ending has a beautiful touch. The performances of the nobles are acceptable without leaving a great mark. Gornick's address sticks to the unpleasant and rather sticky side. Meanwhile, the alarming music on this occasion pressed the correct chords. The mud-like creature in the lake (as many have mentioned) looks like a black canvas screaming (yes, you're reading right!) Floating in the water. <br /> <br /> # Finally the number three concludes with "The Hitchhiker". A wealthy woman, but lacking in sexuality, is returning home after being with her male gigolo, but she is arriving late. Thinking of some ideas to explain your delay, if necessary, slip off the road and accidentally hit a hitchhiker. Instead of checking or seeking help, she leaves with the hope of getting home before her husband. Very soon, she is being terrorized by the shattered corpse of the dead hitchhiker. <br /> <br /> -It's not horrible, but I really did not get into this ridiculously ridiculous exercise. Compared to the first two, he was so different in tone and tried to tickle the funny bone. Lois Chiles was well in the lead role, but that constant security and the small conversations she had with herself turned into a regrettable aggravation and total fatigue. The vivid makeup effects are well displayed and full of vision. When she hits the hitchhiker it is when she becomes agitated, corny and exaggerated in her execution. From then on, we listen endlessly to our supposedly dead hitchhiker repeat and repeat? and repeat the line, "Thanks for the trip, ma'am!" This happens every time she decides to run over him. Have a little courtesy for the dear dead. <br /> <br /> In total, the second story "The Raft" and the unpleasantly well-designed effects is what raises this extremely inferior sequel.
