We've all been there, sitting with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how badly it was made and how poor the performance was; finally, the credits turn and everyone looks around and says "how is it possible that a movie like this was made? Who paid money to turn this script into a feature film?" Well, Jigsaw is not that kind of movie, instead of asking how this garbage was budgeted, you wonder why the manufacturers were fired from a cannon in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is possibly the worst movie ever made or conceived, since it comes from a guy who has seen Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The movie starts in some kind of university class, what kind of class I'm not sure, but imagine it's an art class. Now, these idiots have received a final project from their idiot teacher, five of them are given pieces of a mannequin and they have been told to design it in the way they consider appropriate, and since there are only five pieces, the other students of the class receive and receive automatic A, strange as it may seem, there are only six students in the whole class, so the gothic chic gets a free A, good for her! A week goes by and the five students, in addition to the teacher, plus a husband of Hillbilly meet in a bar to talk about their project and complete their project, put the pieces together, head, arms, legs and inform others why they chose their specific designs, now these creative geniuses took advantage of the week in its entirety, one puts a saw blade in the left hand, the other gets a cut-off shotgun, the right leg receives a lot of broken pottery stuck and left some magazine cutouts , the head is the worst thing that is achieved with a camera in the eye, wing Hellraiser 3, with some bottle rockets for a mo-hawk with style. After everyone has disregarded their specific designs, the teacher, who is now drunk, says they must burn the mannequin, which is now called Jigsaw. Now, up to this point, it's been a horrible movie fair, bad acting, dialogue and everything else, but it's still pretty plausible, however, after Jigsaw catches fire, things get worse. Jigsaw comes alive ... How to ask? I have no idea, he only does it because the writers could not think of a realistic way for two pounds of molded plastic to come alive (Come on, boys, a beam of light, a walking voodoo priest, anything could have worked). So once Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new skills of very slow and forced walking with the use of his molded fingers to wreak havoc. First, kill the cool guy with a barbed wire, this guy who was about to get fashionable with a chic chic decides to drink a beer in the distance is more important than what is in front of him. Without it, Jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a slight turn of the head, then sees a nasty looking southern woman and then her husband from Hillbilly; Jigsaw then kills the nerd boy with a headless deception. Did I mention that Jigsaw was removing body parts from his victims to make a human version of himself? Do not! Well, it is not important that they do not even show their macabre creation, they do not even show him how to steal the torso of his poor creators (Maybe he was trying to create the chief detective of In Living Color). So after these five have been killed, the teacher and the nerdy girl are the ones left, the teacher realizes that Jigsaw just needs a head to finish his masterpiece, since he is still not interested in that torso thing . So being the coward, he is the teacher, ties the girl as a sacrifice to Jigsaw, who comes only to go by the master with his electric cutter that is not even plugged in. That's where the damn movie ends, we do not. You can not even see how the master is killed or what happens to the child, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw came to life or how it was cleaned after being burned. This movie is so shameful that it has also been seen, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For the memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thanks Total Recall! The judge has ruled, look Jigsaw only if his plans to cut his genitals seem fulfilled.
