This movie really disappointed me. The acting is atrocious. Amazing. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors organizes a Passion Play and, in turn, begin to live the lives of the characters they play. Lately I've seen many movies, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first I have not seen in a long time. I felt that I did not need to see the end; We all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems, this "modernization" of the Gospels is either a sacrilege or an enlightening one. I can not talk about any of this because I was not raised in the Christian church. That said, I was raised in the United States and I live in an increasingly Christian culture. I am curious about Jesus and about the modernization of religion, for better or for worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I guess those who liked it will like this, except for the more conservative ones. I just wish this was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these critics praise the direction of Arcand and especially the cinematography. I did not like it either. The film itself is quite prudent and preaches. I did not believe in the personality of the characters and I was never involved with their lives on screen. The game within the work is very outdated and I think it would not have its own weight in a production in real time. But that's beside the point. What I really needed for this to work would have been a further development of the characters and the plot to back up the philosophical and theological questions that the film would like to see. And the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal. <br /> <br /> There were two examples of this that come easily to me. First of all, there is a recreation of the parable of Jesus expelling the lenders from the temple: the main actor, who has fallen in love with the woman who will play Magdalena and who is also a model and dancer, becomes angry because she must degrade herself . audition for a commercial (with a perverse producer and a bunch of panting men in the audience) without pants. He destroys the place and chases them all. I guess this is the level that the movie wants to reach. The romance between these two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene is presented as a representation of the high school of Death of a Salesman, that is, it is not right. Please, stop hitting me in the head with this high-level "meaning". The other is the relationship between the other female leader and the priest who has asked them to do the work and who, eventually, turns against them and betrays them to the corrupt Church of today. Why. Why do you sleep with this boy? "It gives so much pleasure and so little pain to me." Ah, the santa whore and the adorable old woman. It seems to be enough for Arcand to mean, but it is not worth enriching and animating these characters. They are following the movements and I am reaching the ejection button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to dismiss me as bored, jaded or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see the Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, presented as a farce of amateurs and tricks. Feel free that all your preconceived ideas are affirmed and see any fragment of artistic integrity abandoned by monotonous nonsense. But do not say I did not warn you.
