It's hard to say if Noonan and Marshall are trying to imitate Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry, or some other comedy team, but whoever they were trying to imitate, they failed miserably. There is just a faint laugh in this incredibly stupid image. Noonan (who helped write the supposed "script") and Marshall do not have any chemistry; Marshall seems to be trying a kind of coldness Dean Martin, but does not even remotely approached. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but being fun was not. It seems that he thinks that flapping his arms and legs a lot and looking at everyone with amazement and everything is the height of screen comedy; Maybe it is for him, but not for the public. I remember seeing this in theaters when it came out. It was at the bottom of a double ticket with a three-year western, Jeff Chandler ("Pillars of the Sky", which was pretty good) and a Three Stooges short ("Sappy Bullfighters", which was not), About 20 minutes of this, all the children in the audience threw things to the screen; It was so amazingly funny that it was not even up to the worst shorts of the Three Stooges. I stayed around at the end (not that I wanted to, but my parents were not going to pick me up until after the movie was over), and by the time this disaster was over, I was the only one in the theater. . One night I saw him again about 15 years ago or more on the cable, and I kept looking at him to see if he was as bad as he remembered it. It was worse. The only thing that was in his favor was Julie Newmar, who was as sexy as ever; Apart from her, this thing has absolutely NOTHING to recommend it. The two also play Japanese soldiers, and the way they do it makes Jerry Lewis' infamous interpretation of Japanese characters as mentally handicapped, with coarse teeth and gibberes look benign by comparison. Marshall was the host of "Hollywood Squares," and Noonan kept trying to make movies, but most of them were almost as bad as this one. However, not quite, since I do not think that ANYTHING can be as bad as this. A real pathetic waste of the movie. Do not waste your time on it.
