"Kings and Queen" is a swollen French drama that lasts for two hours and thirty-two endless minutes to a non-discernible point or purpose. <br /> <br /> The film presents two stories that seem to be unrelated at the beginning but that eventually connect to each other in the middle of the movie. The first centers are centered around Nora and her struggles with several men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers that he only has a few days left to live. The other story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist who is unjustly placed, believes, in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling down separate paths for a while, these two narrative lines eventually come together when we learn that Ismael is a former mistress of Nora and the man she chose to adopt her son from a previous tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more attention and a considerable amount of simplification, "Kings and Queen" could have been a powerful and fascinating drama about the relationships of today. It certainly has moments of tremendous perception and emotional power, and the performances are, for the most part, complex and moving. But, as a whole, the film snakes and fades to such an extent that, frankly, it begins to wreak havoc with our patience and exhaust its reception from the beginning. Even more distressing is the fact that, although we spend what seems like a slight eternity in the company of these people, we really do not know what to do with any of them when the show finally ends. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a fulminating diatribe against his daughter's character who simply does not make fun of the woman we've been watching for more than two hours. It is true that Nora is not Mother Teresa (then, again, who is she?), But she certainly does not deserve the invective that her own father sent her. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, a little absorbed in herself at times, but is she evil enough that her father wants him to give her his cancer and put her to death in his place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie just works at a depth level that I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would have trouble explaining his purpose here. It is a pretentious and well-acted film that takes the viewer to a long and confusing journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not leave it wiser or more enlightened at the end of what it was at the beginning.
