"Rois et Reine" is an expanding mess of a movie that will probably irritate as many viewers as it delights. It centers by turns on the former lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), since each of them faces a great crisis in their lives now separated. While Nora's story is interpreted with clarity and has a somber tone, Ismael is played mainly for laughter, although it is not particularly fun. Nora's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of her father, Louis (Maurice Garrel), and Ismael's by his sudden imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who have shaped the life of Nora and, in turn, have been shaped by her, the most notable are his first lover Pierre, now deceased, and his son Elijah. As past and present events are presented to the audience, and ex-lovers once again become involved in the lives of others, it gradually emerges that Nora's personal opinion about her life story may be less reliable. of what is seen for the first time. <Br /> <br /> The cult director Arnaud Desplechin has created a considerable rarity here, one that has garnered great applause in France. He voluntarily avoids established narrative conventions and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach had been based on a coherent unifying idea or central theme, it might have worked, but in the end it is not clear what exactly Desplechin's film is about. Heavy allusions to Greek mythology and Freudian theory are obviously loaded with meaning, but, at least for this amateur filmmaker who has no studies, it is still useless to illuminate and interpret the lives of the characters. At other times, the treatment becomes kitsch, but the use of the anodyne "Moon River" as the subject of the film suggests that it is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** I suspect that an important theme of the film is the not very original observation that the way we see ourselves can differ radically from how others see us or even how we think others see us. This idea is more clearly represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation contained in Louis's secret diary, but unfortunately both events seem to be completely disconnected from what was otherwise revealed to the audience of the respective relations of Pierre and Louis with Nora. . This seems a deception on the part of Desplechin, as if he were transmitting the idea to us immediately instead of illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two dark surrealist touches imply the presence of an alternative, but largely unconscious, world of naked and terribly naked people, but again they feel more like pretentious intrusions of cinematographic technique than like eruptions of a deeper deposit of truth inherent in the story. In fact, despite their deep insinuations in depth, the characters are curiously underdeveloped and uneducated, as if they functioned more as ciphers for the creator's many ideas about people rather than as real people in their own right. Much of the detail of their lives seems arbitrarily applied instead of organic. For example, Ismael, as we are constantly reminded, is a viola player, but more than two hours pass before we actually see him or hear him play, and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never elaborated. Therefore, it can also be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain manic charm to Ismael, deranged but ultimately healthy, but I found Devos cloying and monotonous (which may be intentional, though) like the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as psychologically but defiantly injured Sinologist who is friend in the hospital have the greatest impact among the supporting actors. Catherine Deneuve is also in this, although her role is little more than a self-referential cameo. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, "Rois et Reine" is an acquired taste. If he fails to press his buttons, it is very likely that Desplechin's undisciplined and flowery approach will frustrate and exasperate even as he continues to observe.
