This is another of those characteristics of 'humans against insects / eco-horror'; A theme that was popular in the late 70s. Only you really can not call it horror. There is no suspense and there are no frightening events. In other words: this movie is pretty boring. It's not that it's really bad or something like that; It is very boring. A construction site near a hotel discovers a large nest of ants. Later, we learn that, probably due to the different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite became poisonous. Some people are bitten and sent to the hospital, and hospital residents take years to discover what is happening. Robert Foxworth finds out first and then you can watch him go crazy with an excavation machine for what seem like several hours. Then they flee to the house, waiting to be rescued. And, man, you should see all the efforts they are making to rescue them. I will not spoil too much, but in a moment they even use a big helicopter. All the while, while watching this, I sat thinking: "Come on, people, everyone has their shoes on, run out of the building, I'm sure a lot of ants will not reach it." Everything is pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, many close-ups of crawling ants are shown throughout the film. The ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. The ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. The ants in the sink. And best of all: ants crawling on the faces of people while the actors breathe with sticks. But when you see groups of ants in wider shots, in fact they look like the black rice that the game designers hit the wall. <br /> <br /> A small surprise came near the end. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy made an appearance as fire chief. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This movie is called HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR but the box of my copy said ANTS and the title during the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There you go. Now, since this is a movie made for television in the 70s, I will be extremely moderate again in my final grade. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, another television movie of 'humans against insects' of 1976 was much better than this one. I even feel like I have to go back and add some points to your score after having seen ANTS. Lacking suspense, action, emotion, shock and chills, the only thing you will have left after seeing ANTS is an annoying itch.
