The only thing I liked about this movie was that there was JUST enough to keep me in my seat until the end ... I kept thinking that maybe in the NEXT scene things would be in danger ... Alas ... <br /> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Sant's movies, especially later films, will probably like this. Personally, I think that the films of van Sant are boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was the executive producer of this film, so it's not surprising that the film was almost done by him, although personally I liked it better than the last efforts of van Sant (for example, Elefante). <br /> <br /> Contrary to many here, I did not think the film was difficult to understand or disconnected, I thought it was mostly a film that wanted to portray a certain state of mind - the mood of a teenager who was It moves slowly towards the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are barely visible, in any case. But I think the problem with the film is that the "mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but the mood painted here is, in my opinion, incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening . Dreamlike quality, so intimately linked to nature, is captured beautifully here, but it is a state of mind that belongs much more to a much smaller child, one who is still really caught up in seeing how nature develops ( waves on a beach, grasses and flowers, spiders etc). The pace of the film reminds me of my summers when I was about eight or nine years old. There is a LANGUOR in the film that is opposed to what MUST be a very tense moment in the life of a teenager. When you fall in love with someone, or are bullied, you are something BUT languid! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE: first, when Logan leaves the groceries and his mother makes a small attack. The frustrations of an adult dealing with a clumsy child, especially without the presence of a parent, seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second, and ONLY part of the movie with some tension, were the scenes where "Leah" (Logan's recreation of himself) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him to become in sex by phone. The first reason I liked it was that the person who made the voiceover of "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (It made me think of Claire Danes of My So-Called Life ... the voice even sounded like Claire). She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally believable among the children. And what I liked most was the fact that Rodeo just pretended to keep up ... maybe it was the best moment in the movie like ... finally! - We got some character development. <br /> <br /> In general, a somewhat misguided effort ... we will have to see what he does in his next film before being able to say much about the possible talents of the director. Meanwhile, if you can get away from the influence of van Sant, this could do you a lot of good. Who is this director anyway, one of van Sant's boy's toys?
