Simply horrible, molded from the Sélo that you made the last summer fodder, you have beautiful college students who spend their spring vacations in a Florida condominium being killed one by one. A failure in every conceivable category, from properly constructed suspense to death sequences executed ... nothing is handled properly and the characters leave little more than caricatures that you roote to see decimated as quickly as possible. Tenney (The curse of the living corpse, I eat your skin), of all people, was executive producer, co-wrote and stars as a priest in a pivotal role whose relationship with the murderer I guess means something for the reason why It is psychotic. The revelation of the murderer is handled with clumsiness and ineffective, probably not surprising to the soul that observes it. There are a lot of scare jumping attempts, with a character jumping to scare your friend, who could not even produce some cheap emotions, because they are so calculated in such a lukewarm way. Most attacks occur off-screen with bleeding throat cuts (or pools) that represent the only real sample of violence. The prolonged ending, where the killer goes on and on with the actor desperately trying to make his villain as devilish and demented as possible, is shameful and tense. There is not a single positive that derives from this cliché and boring exercise with the pretty cast making a small effort to overcome their one-dimensional roles. And, out of pity, they could at least allow us to see Joey Lawrence being beheaded or something to endure the misery of sitting on this scrap heap for 90 agonizing minutes. <br /> <br /> Dorie Barton, as the final heroine girl, Beth Morgan, with whom the killer seems to be obsessed, could not be more vacuous and uninteresting (... oh, she was in rehab and Take pills for your nightmares, such an intriguing exhibition). Chad Allen, considered a very intimidating "friend" of the group (... who disappears first from the film, setting the idea that he is the first victim), has a difficult climb to climb with his role, so steep finally stumble, rolling uncontrollably without an end in sight. Jeff Conaway, who needs some money, I suppose, has the beleaguered role of FBI agent, whose murder of his daughter motivates him to look for the murderer, taking him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role in a $$ hole as a smart-paced Florida police chief who often comes face to face with Conaway's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question ... not really. Because once you get the answer, you'll wonder why you bothered with this anyway.
