The movie began with Wheeler sneaking into his girlfriend's apartment. His aunt (Edna May Oliver, a person too talented for this movie) did not like Wheeler, a feeling with which I can relate easily. The aunt decided to take this young soda overseas to get her away from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a mythical little kingdom because they promised to turn him into their king. Almost at the same time, Woolsey was in the same small and mythical kingdom and was made king. Then, when Wheeler arrived, the boys had to fight, but they refused because they are already friends, which disappointed the people, since killing and replacing the kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of the Hollywood Golden Age comedy, the silent era until the 1940s. I've seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of these movies and, despite my Love and appreciation for these movies, I've never been able to understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey, the only comedy team that could be as bad as the Ritz. Brothers Despite being very successful in his short career in Hollywood (shortened due to the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that virtually all other successful teams made the same basic ideas but much better. For example, there were many elements of this film that remind of Marx's film Brother, DUCK SOUP, although CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a silly and very funny game. Sometimes, Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never have punch lines that even remotely are fun! In fact, he seemed to prattle uselessly. His only funny quality was that he looked ridiculous, surely it's not enough reason to put him in a movie. In addition, Wheeler had the comedic appeal of a piece of cheese, a piece of cheese that sang very badly! One missed opportunity was the old routine of Vaudeville later popularized by Abbott and Costello as "who is first", which was made in this movie, but lacked any spark of wit or time. In fact, shortly after they began their speech, they just finished the routine, so prematurely that you get frustrated. He knew that "who is first" had existed for many years and was used by many teams, but he really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey give him a fair chance and give him his own touch. <br /> <br /> Once Again, I have found another sub-pair of films from this duo. While I must admit that I liked some of his films (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS, which I gave him 6 in the IMDb section), this was an important endurance test that I must complete, something that I think happens with everything too often when I watch the films of Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor?
