Final score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After watching 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I should have had a big kick from Eliza Dushku when I rented this movie. 'Soul Survivors' is a scrap psychological "thriller" disguised as a slasher movie of poor quality teenagers, even to the point of having a masked assassin, a cast of promising youngsters like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and the friendly star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously misinformed as a priest. The film, a creation of writer / director Stephen Carpenter, seems to be a mutant offspring of 'Open Your Eyes' or 'Vanilla Sky' and movies where a character (and audience) gets caught up in a world of dillusion caused by an accident / death The film continues to produce disconcerting images and leaves us in a state of confusion all the execution time until this alternative reality is finally resolved. I do not think these movies are so entertaining, by their very nature, to begin with, but 'SS' is a cheap trash cinema and in any way. The images, the script, the acting and the originality attempt are last minute ideas for films like this one. Also, it's PG-13, so it does not even deliver the gore or T & A to keep it a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version is docile). I heard that the movie contained a "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. When the film collapsed in front of me and all the entertainment seemed to be lost, I found myself patiently waiting for the shower scene, at least it would get something out of this. Then it comes: the two girls paint their shirts, jump into the shower fully dressed and rub. That's. Did people think this was hot? 'Soul Survivors' is one of those boring movies that are so weak and inept that it's hard to have ANY feeling towards it. He does not put anything and it's hardly worth writing about him. In the end it leaves us empty. The end of Carpenter is a flash of flashing light and a loud sound, and that's probably the most animated part. Without a doubt, it will be a last-minute round of the night in the USA. UU Or in the science fiction channel, due to its low cost and its PG-13 rating, and that's probably for the best.
