The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avoid a catastrophe by throwing a bomb at its fiery heart: yes, it is Solar Crisis, also known as Crisis 2050, which burned a large part of the change that never appears on the screen. in 1990 and returned just enough to buy a Happy Meal for each of the actors in Japan before going directly to the video (do you remember?) in a reedited version and credited to Alan Smithee. The hook of the plot is almost the same as the Sun: the suicidal mission to the Sun, the saboteur on board, the logic adrift, except that this time they do not try to re-light the Sun, but prematurely detonate a solar flare before that can reach the Earth. With a talking pump. Expressed by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so that the crew takes it more seriously? Since the cast also includes Jack Palance in his most demented OTT, Charlton Heston in his most rigid and front-line Tim Matheson in his most anonymous form, the unforgettable original Michael Berryman from Hills Have Eyes (you may not remember the name, but REMEMBER that face) and Peter Boyle as an industrialist to sabotage the mission because, er, if it succeeds, the world will be saved but its share price will go down, you would expect, if not a laugh per minute, at least One laugh each reel. Mirthless. This is the worst kind of bad movie: a boring one. The fate of the world may be hanging in the balance, but the whole movie is shot with a total lack of urgency or momentum at the same invariably slow pace. There is a low profile and you have to walk through it, but here the cast does not even do that. Instead, they sit still watching the screens almost in the dark most of the time. You're still waiting for Paul Williams's talking bomb to suffer an existential crisis, but instead, the movie just ... stays there, almost doing nothing. Literally. This is one of the most inert films ever made? so inert that if they had thrown Clive Owen away, he would almost have seemed animated in comparison. Even a poorly explained attempt at suicide repair fails to arouse interest, as it mostly involves, yes, the plaster still stands looking at the screens in the near darkness. Even when the pump enters the countdown prematurely before being released, they deal with the new crisis for? standing looking at the screens in the near darkness as if they had all the time in the world. Merchant-Ivory films have better action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not much livelier on Earth, where the film spends most of its time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson, Corin Nemec, trying to go to the the spaceport through an arid landscape with the demented Palance desert artist "looking for that note out there while the chicks still dig me" while being rejected by a Mad Max scam and evil body suits that track him so they can ? free it on a nice beach. Just do not expect logic, if you have not guessed yet. Best moment? A daring girl in a bar who describes Jack Palance as "an old guy with white hair and a face like rotten leather", although Chucky Baby took out the villain's plane with a bazooka shot from the hip from the window of an office or hitting a fly that Like your beret, camp bites are welcome in a movie that for 99% of its run time offers a lot of nuttin '. The slightly longer original cut of Richard C. Sarafian that was played in Japan offers six additional minutes, but asks to be reduced to 17 more manageable minutes: the director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky stars when the reissue He gave an apology to remove his name from the movie. A film so bad that it is not good, and painfully unhappy with it.
