I did not think that this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do. It happens like one of those corny horror movies with which you could waste time in the middle of the night when you can not sleep, although it is true that there is no better quality than that. It is true that the performance is not very good. I thought that Marianne McAndrew as Cathy Beck, for example, was completely passionate, but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot really did not make sense to me. The Becks are on a trip described by John (Stewart Moss) as part of the job and partly the honeymoon they never had (that's romantic!) The part of the work has something to do with the tour caves, which in itself it sounds strange (what is it like to be a part? A group through a cave is related to someone's work?) but it becomes strange when we discover that it is a doctor who is investigating in the area of ​​preventive medicine ( That connection completely lost me). Bitten by a bat while in the cave, it begins to transform into what I suppose was supposed to be a human bat hybrid (although when we finally see it in makeup, it looks much more like a monkey man of some kind) and begins a wave of killings. Here is another problem. The first murder is a nurse in a hospital. At the beginning, everyone thinks that his death was an accident. The second murder is of a girl, who is said to have had her throat ripped out. The sheriff (Michael Pataki) then tells us that his death was similar to that of the nurse (which means that the throat was ripped off). How could someone think it was an accident? And what about the sheriff? It seems quite sensible until the scene in Cathy's hotel room when she takes a drink of liquor and almost violates it, after which everything seems to return to normal. It is loaded with an ending that left almost everything unresolved, and also with one of the most irritating topics that I have heard in a movie. Even for all that, there was something here that kept me watching. Sometimes pure cheese can make you spend an hour and a half. Pretty bad, yes, but not as horrible as some people say.
