"The Bat People" is a proud resident of IMDb Bottom 100. Every once in a while, the movie suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new movies with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentaries about American Idol stars, but always Returns reliably sooner or later. And because? Because, unlike most of the garbage on that list, "The Bat People" is a bad legitimate movie and deserves to be there, regardless of the influences of the media or the hustle and bustle of the Internet. This is hardly the worst movie ever made, since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and wit, but it is still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary filler sequences and gigantic gaps in continuity, and yet the main characters are still totally strange throughout the film. Apart from a sensible script, the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and makeup effects. Although courtesy of a young Stan Winston ?? They are ridiculously inept and remain largely invisible until the end of the movie. The title of the film is inaccurate, since "people" refers to a number in the plural, while the story actually only turns into a bat person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this film and he also has an authentic Bat-cave and a Bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance). The plot features a young couple on their honeymoon weekend exploring caves. They move away from a group of guided tours and a bat bites him while trying to protect his wife from the vicious attack of the animal. Concerned that he might be infected with rabies, he undergoes intense treatment at the local hospital, but this does not stop him from slowly transforming into a bloodthirsty bat creature. He kills random people at night and plays with the suspicious police sergeant, while his beloved wife is still extremely convinced that the uncomfortable behavior is due exclusively to allergic reactions to the treatment of rabies. Of course dear! The script never explains why a bat would attack people and why John always returns to become a normal human being at the start of a new day instead of gradually becoming a permanent bat-guano state. Basically, "The Bat People" is a variation of the old wolf man's good theme, but obviously it's not very interesting. The concept showed a lot of potential, but, somehow, the secondary plots focus on weeping drunks and perverted sheriffs instead of frightening monsters. Some of the scenarios and outdoor filming locations look impressive, the misfit song played during the credits is strangely sticky, there is a bit of gore during the climax (finally!) And the lead actress, Marianne McAndrew, is delighted to look (though not listen) a). The current list of this really bad and boring movie in the last 100 places is number 80, and I personally hope it stays somewhere in that region. The list simply would not feel and traditional without "The Bat People".
