Hi Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at Hamilton High School in 1957 where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) is cheating on her date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out and is devastated, while Mary Lou is announced as a graduation queen in 1957 and takes the stage to accept his prize. Bill, still hurt, decides to play a practical joke about Mary Lou, so he throws a firecracker on stage, but the fuse still on catches Mary Lou's dress and sets her on fire, in seconds, Mary Lou is toast. 30 years later, Hamilton High will soon celebrate its annual graduation night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the director and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis) who is dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both plan to go to the prom together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago still chases Bill and Bud. One day, Vicki is looking around the basement of the schools when she discovers a large trunk that opens, which turns out to be a bad move, since the vengeful spirit of Mary Lou is released and intends to reclaim her crown as dance queen and in it. Free time is intended to avenge his untimely death. First of all is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is attributed to suicide, Mary Lou begins to possess Vicki's body as the night of the prom approaches. After getting rid of a competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) who tries to arrange the prom for her to win. Mary Lou in the body of Vicki is crowned queen of graduation of Hamilton High, which allows Mary Lou to return from the dead to make an unexpected appearance and really liven up the party ... <br /> <br /> Without any connection with the Original Prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman. I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's script concentrates more on supernatural elements instead of slasher themes for teenagers, whether this was a good or bad decision will depend on their expectations, I suppose. Personally, I found that these different elements did not really gel or worked so well together. The whole movie was too slow to be really nice, after the opening sequence where Mary Lou dies, no one else dies until half an hour and then the movie goes on for half an hour until Vicki finally takes possession and the movie finally takes momentum to the climax where an evil Mary Lou kills a single person at the prom before she is supposedly defeated. Come the horror movie fans who hoped that the cliche 'killer not dead & ready for a sequel' would not end! ? I did not expect a high body count, only five throughout the film and none especially graphic, although I liked the way Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a bathroom that Mary Lou crushed and It resulted in poor Monica. blood oozes the supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is represented by Vicki with many hallucinations during the first hour and Mary Lou controlling objects during the last stages, including a couple of spooky photos of a rocking horse that comes alive, the scene The blackboard is pretty good and turns into water and the hands of zombies drag Vicki towards him. The side slasherino of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not outstanding, I liked the same Mary Lou since she produces the obligatory phrases and became a good villain, even if he could not kill enough people. Oh, and I did get the tributes to other horror film directors with almost all the surnames that share the character with one, this obviously adds nothing to the movie, but I guess it's a nice touch. The acting is fine, but the normally reliable Micheal Ironside seems lost and disinterested almost as if he is wondering what he is doing in this and if he will ever work again. Forget about any gore, someone is hanged, there is a stab with a crucifix that happens off the screen, someone is impaled with a neon light, a computer goes crazy and you electrocute someone's face (!?) And Mary Lou comes out of Vicki's body. First as a rotten zombie, it was a pretty cool scene. There are also some full shots of frontal nudity in the girls shower, if that's what you like. To give you some credit, Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is fine to watch, has reasonable production values ​​and, in general, is well done. In general, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was too slow and, ultimately, without incident to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure if it deserves a rating of 3 or 4 stars, I'll give it a 4 since there's nothing specifically wrong, I guess and I've sat in much worse movies, but it really did not do anything because I'm scared
