A truly disturbed cannibal psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym of Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, camps campers who make the unfortunate mistake of traveling backpacking in their desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) get into a playful discussion with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, the deceased wife in real life of Gary Kent) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) for surviving in the forest . by themselves. To prove a point, the girls decide to head into the desert outside of Los Angeles for a camping trip that bothers their teammates to the point that they will soon follow later. Falling prey to John, Teddi is soon killed while Sharon runs for her life while men arrive late in the desert due to overheating of her truck. Fearful, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives very unusual help ... John's ghost children! That's right, John's children remain in the desert, ghostly apparitions spying on those in the forest, having a special taste for Sharon, helping guide her to safety and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon take refuge from a torrent and from the darkness of the night in the same cave where John lives. Cooking over a blazing fire, the meat simmered is actually Charlie's wife, Teddi. Unknowingly, Charlie eats meat when offered by John, who finds strangers inside his place of residence! Anyway, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie set out to meet them in the mornings. Meanwhile, John goes hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight to survive. When Steve suffers a compound fracture that stumbles between two massive rocks over a flowing river, he will have a disability that will only increase such a nightmarish scenario, with Sharon following his young ghostly friends to potential safety ... even, at a given moment , they beg their Father not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote and broke the film's financing) films the film intelligently in such an impressive place in Sequoia. The National Park, in California, where those gigantic trees rise to great heights, and I basically observe slashers of virgin wood for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly find Jones 'direction of the highly acclimated environment ... the fear was missing, although there are some quite disturbing attacks by John using his knife (filmed in an intelligent way, Jones' camera suggests more of what is really on the screen, however, somehow, he still manages to gasp for what John is doing to the victims). Within such a picturesque landscape, seeing innocents harassed by a maniac, that increases terror. People in the city who try to spend a few pleasant days in a different place, smell the fresh clean air, enjoy the views of a beautiful view, only to find themselves harassed by a spooky predator with a very intimidating knife. By providing the background story of why John is the monster he is, Jones allows us to witness his memory by heart upon discovering his wife's adultery and react accordingly (... she is also a ghost in the desert looking for her children, wanting to punish them for "being naughty") by killing her and her lover in bed (a repairman of refrigerators). The children, sad and depressed, committed suicide and now "chase" the desert, even interacting with their father or whoever they choose. I realize that a novelty, like ghost children in a backwoods slasher, is unique and appreciated by some, but the idea seemed pretty crazy and too silly to take it seriously. They help our heroine escape some potentially dangerous situations, but for me it was very difficult to avoid uncontrollable laughter. The music that I found horribly in the 80s and the performances are not amazing. I mean, I could react to the situation they were in, because it's actually quite scary to find yourself in an unknown and hostile territory that is being hunted by someone who knows the area very well. I think the film is similar in many ways to NOT GOING TO WOODS ... ONLY ONE, except that THE FOREST has the ghost children mentioned above (their voices resound when they talk to Sharon, their father or each other). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with tattered clothes, and lost humanity. As I mentioned earlier, the violence is not as creepy as what is suggested because director Jones is able to effectively eliminate the great penetration of knives, however, the way he organizes the game pieces leaves him quite unstable (... as Teddi's murder, the violence for the most part silhouetted on the surface of a gigantic stone formation nearby, his pleas for John to stop and, once stabbed several times, he tries to crawl away from his predator only to be eliminated; a hung body John is skinned). I have seen the best and worst of this type of film, it is quite mediocre, at best, with some well filmed scenarios. I really do not think it's particularly memorable, except for the ghost kids.
