I mean all the dark, overlooked, low-budget horror films waiting to be rediscovered in a DVD release, why choose THE FOREST? I love the ultra low budget direct home video or another alternative horror release. I love the terror of the 80 hackers. I love the noble wood slashers with the fools who roam the night to be persecuted, killed and devoured by psychopaths. I am in favor of the idea that non-professionals work on a horror movie as a way to enter the industry or just make a movie because they want to make one. I am in favor of using public places found, not actors, without name talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most evocative image of THE FOREST is its close-up of a couple walking in the distance through a forest into the forest: we see them as tiny and vulnerable creatures that enter a dark and humid world where humans may not be the top of the food chain or the most feared predator. Then, the film submerges and never recovers. We meet briefly with the backpacker couple when they realize they are being harassed. They separate, they are both killed, and then we meet the protagonists of the film while they drive their car in a traffic jam. They meet with their respective companions and decide to take a camping trip. The sounds of snoring fill the room when people who came to watch a movie to play with their cell phones send text messages to people who are not there, telling them how much the movie stinks. Too boring, and this movie is too crazy. Which would not be so bad if the writers had given people something to say besides the most stupid, stupid and unnecessary things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the ranger with fallen faces who warns everyone who is far from Cannibal Woods. And speaking of these "forests," they look as far away from civilization as the great empty ground behind football fields, only with larger rocks and a stream that flows through it. There are impressive shots of the primitive forest, but there is no real sense of being in the middle of it. If any of the characters simply sat on the road and waited long enough, someone would walk. <br /> <br /> The worst thing about the film is that it does not generate any human interest: I do not know. Who are these couples and do not care what happens to them. The cannibal sibilant hermit boy is not interesting, even when he pretended to see freshly cooked meat on the leg of one of his victims to serve spooky bites to his boyfriend, who by chance seeks refuge in his cave. The irony that is the epitome of "disappointing". Along with a deliberately sinister synthesizer musical score, a cinematography that looks suspiciously like someone tied with a camera to a dog and follows the movements of the people, the lack of appreciable blood, the nakedness, the spooky emotions and the insane atmosphere, and What we have here is a horror movie that is not even as scary as a PBS educational television show about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not want to "give it away" to the people behind this movie, since they obviously got into the project with almost nothing, they did not try to be creative and they ended up with another boring movie about some worms chasing the Women through the woods with a knife. There is nothing wrong with that concept, what is wrong is the unimaginative and completely pedestrian way in which it was executed, until the conclusion totally useless when the film simply disappears at approximately 80 minutes. The best you can say about THE FOREST is that it was completed relatively quickly and that there is not much to direct a repetitive review. Hence my confusion about why someone would feel the need for a DVD release. It was fine as a rarity of years of renting Prism Video, as a DVD will cost $ 5.99 in a month after reaching the shelves. There is little or no urgency to see the movie, unless you are considering creating your own hacker in a public park where no one can charge you money for filming there. Here is a step-by-step guide to avoid doing. <br /> <br /> With everything said and done, the film had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence that was so pathetic and ineptly thought that it becomes an enigma in a film, otherwise, cut and dried: the madman returns home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. Send your beloved, is armed with a kitchen knife that seems to have been made to be used in a horror movie and takes off after the intruder. The guy corners and attacks his prey, which moves away and flees, only for the psychopath to materialize in his footsteps with a bigger and more evil weapon. The psychopath attacks again, and the guy escapes. The psychopath materializes AGAIN, and once again the boy escapes. Then, AGAIN! Finally, in the fifth attempt, the psychopath shoots the guy to fall into some kind of flattened contraption. How did it continue to materialize armed with bigger and worse weapons like that? Is there any supernatural element in this psycho? As the film never makes it clear in any way the scene is just an enigma, organized to generate some tension. Its purpose is not clear. The whole movie is like that, really, without having to be made and executed in such an interesting and uninteresting way that one can not help but wonder what the point was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 and ample evidence that just because you can launch a movie on DVD does not necessarily mean you should do it.
