The title of this dark and almost forgotten slasher of the 80s, inevitably reminds me of the song of mega-smash-monster from The Cure with the same title, hence a fragment of the lyrics in the title section of this user comment . Also, I had nothing more to say that was useful, anyway. But hey, "The forest" is not totally useless and it's not even that bad, really. If nothing else, at least obey the first slasher rule of the 80, which is not written, it is true: kill someone within the first 10 minutes of play. Surely you've heard about the basic premise of this movie a dozen times before, but do not let that discourage you from seeing it, since "The Forest" has a couple more things to offer than an attractive and sinister cover image . It is actually a bit of an atypical slasher of the 80s! The main characters are not normal teenagers without brains and the script has solid ambitions towards supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, and much less plausible, but it's interesting enough to get your attention and there are even a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and twists in the plot to enjoy. Two married couples decide to go camping in the most isolated forests of California, but due to a stupid gamble, the wives travel separately from their husbands. Barely ready for the night, they receive strange visits from a mother who is looking for her two children, the children themselves and, finally, the father who is hunting human flesh. The demented family can be real or imaginary, but women are definitely in danger and by the time their husbands arrive, they have already disappeared. Men also meet with the family, and discover more about the slightly dysfunctional background. "The forest" is a strange and unusual film, to say the least. It's not exactly a masterpiece of conspiracy, but the completely bizarre atmosphere will certainly attract the open-minded fanatics of the horror of the '80s. The killings are pretty gruesome and are filmed by will, including a cut throat and a painful massacre, and the shooting locations are incredibly beautiful. The more you think about history and its sudden turns, the less sense it will have, so my advice would be to enjoy this strange visual experience for as long as it lasts and not a minute longer. Acting performances are just above average, the music is fine and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for the "Schoolgirls in Chains" of the 70s) tried to be a little more creative than most the horror movies of the 80s. Pity that it finally fails.
