Painfully bad Christmas movie that has an equally painful performance by Vince Vaughn, who is paying his own fraternity, but this time for a children's movie, but without the wit or charm found in his films R. Vaughn seems to be on autopilot for most of the movie and is still running against the walls with his lackluster performance. After 30 minutes in the movie, you'll be in touch with your inner scourge and say "Bahumbag" for the little comedy that is this film and after another 30 minutes, you'll want to see how unbearable the movie has been during that moment. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring a little life to the thin roles of perspective and that is manly because they are both too good actors to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nick, but is forced to the level of youthful behavior of Vaughn when they are fighting against their sad sibling struggle. In Giamatti's face you can see that he is not having fun with his role and painfully shows up in certain parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she does not really have much character to work with and you can see on her face that she is very aware of that, so much so that she seems irritated in certain parts of the film. Fortunately for her, she is not much in the film and is able to save some faces, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be about to fire her agent at the end of the movie. Management also feels boring, as if it did not feel or flow and is supposed to be a holiday movie, but in the end it feels like you're just looking at an elegant widow who is being demolished. <Br /> <br /> I do not know what went wrong here, but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) doing everything possible to at least bring something to the table with a funny script that they had to work with, Irregular direction without feeling the issue in question (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who simply does not care about his performance (Vaughn), has a very bad and very painful movie that is very painful.
