A little original, too predictable and barely entertaining rehash of a science fiction formula that we have seen hundreds of times before: a group of isolated scientists who face something unknown and in all places (surprise, surprise). ) The antartida! <br /> <br /> The movie features James Spader and an almost nameless supporting cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, which is not really that bad for a non-actor), who offer boring performances that do make. Little to boost the unimaginative dialogue of the script. To make things worse, the pace of the movie is slow, there is almost no secondary argument, and the few action sequences are stereotyped and not so exciting. No wonder this thing went directly to DVD. What is wonderful is why Spader, an excellent actor at times, who won the Cannes Best Actor award for "Sex, lies and videotapes", and did a splendid job in the innovative science fiction movie "Stargate" ", he chose to sign this mediocre project Or maybe not, if you look at his career, because he seems to have invested his talent in more failures than successes. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable thing about 'Alien Hunter' is how they managed to get fully involved. many elements of so many great science fiction movies, and still have the thing so apathetic and artificial. There are many borrowed fragments from 'The Thing' (both the original Howard Hawks and the excellent 1982 remake of John Carpenter), 'Contact' and 'Outbreak'; some hints of 'Alien', CE3K ',' The Andromeda Strain ',' Kubrick's '2001' (that is, the 'alien black box') and 'Mission To Mars' (ie, the mysterious message); and even a small pinch of 'Sneakers' and 'A Remarkable Mind' (although they are not science fiction movies, they share a 'cryptology' connection). Hell, there are even fields of corn and Antarctica, like the recent 'X Files Movie'. And, in the end, the luminous translucent spaceship looks exactly like something that was extracted from 'The Abyss'. <br /> <br /> Everything was done before and it was much better, although I must admit that there were some soft surprises towards the end. I could say a little more about the plot, but it is not absolutely necessary. You already know more than half of this movie without ever having seen it. (5 out of 10)
