Summary: Something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is discovered in the ice of Antarctica. The mysterious block is excavated and taken to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, is led to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the investigators is an old girlfriend of his, and the situation quickly becomes uncomfortable, especially because the other researchers are practically throwing themselves at him. And the block of ice with the thing inside is melting unnaturally. Soon the object is exposed. The mystery continues although the object generates a large amount of electricity. It is decided to open the object, but just before doing so, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes when it finally breaks, and two things are unleashed on earth. The first is an extraterrestrial, which had been inactive in the object, and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research staff. And Washington, which updates suspiciously in this historic event, decides that those things can not be unleashed on earth. Therefore, a Russian nuclear submarine that transports nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. Comments: The film contains some surprises. One is Carl Lewis who, surprisingly, presents a good performance, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well-crafted and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many surprises of its own, and this time not in a good way. In fact, it is so full of plot holes that sometimes the movies seem to consist of scenes connected almost randomly. It is never really explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington can command Russian submarines, why the object is in Antarctica and has now woken up. It is really disconcerting that the alien capsule is transmitting in understandable English. Some might want to explain this with the fact that the alien had been on Earth before and knew the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why the nice aliens who apparently want to save the Earth from the virus, send their message "Do not open" encoded! And, finally, the ending is as open as it can be. <br /> <br /> The movie is a little entertaining, but too much energy must be diverted (from my part) to fill in the gaps in the plot. Therefore, the total impression of the film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
