OK, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer befriends the Dalai Lama." What we do is, first we get a big star with no idea how to make a Germanic accent, and let it flutter among French, German, American and British for more than 2 hours. Then we invented a series of incredibly improbable events and spaced them very widely, so that the plot progresses almost imperceptibly. But just to make sure the viewer does not fall asleep, we present details that are surprisingly absurd, like our hero smoking a cigarette at a height of 22,000 feet. Naturally, we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles, so we have all the characters, even the humblest peasants in the forbidden gated city of Lhasa in 1943, we speak perfect English, also with dubious accents. Of course, the most complicated part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of the story, so what we do is this: we make the Dalai Lama befriend the Nazis now reformed because the latter is very good at playing with projectors of movies, radios Old cars and any other device represent the freedom of the capitalist west. In return, our hero learns from his young protege a kind of vague and indefinite Buddhism that is never revealed or treated in a serious way. We also have many scenes with the hero flaunting all the signs of respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society gives to the Dalai Lama, even when we pretend that the hero has a deep and profound reverence for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we only hope that the audience believes that this guy is now a Buddhist, more or less in his own way, even though we ourselves do not know what his transformation implies or to what extent we want it to come. And last, but not least, we'll post a statistic at the end of the film about how the Chinese have treated the Tibetans (which is certainly true), opening us up to the charges that we've made a "political" movie, although it's nothing like that. So, Zat is my idea. What are you zink about? Can I make the movie?
