Five Across the Eyes begins when five young teenagers drive home in time for the curfew, stop at a store and accidentally crash into another car and decide to simply leave and leave. Soon after, the other car forces them to stop and a crazy woman with a shotgun comes out and shouts at them, makes them take off their clothes and makes them urinate and then throws them at random. Surprised and surprised, the girls think that their terrible experience is over, but the crazy one returns for a few seconds, since she seems determined to kill the terrified ones who are lost and have little gasoline ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson and Ryan Theissen with Swinson writing the thing and Theissen responsible for cinematography and editing. I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst movies I've seen, if not the worst, I mean I'm fighting for Think of a movie I've seen that is worse. Now let me start by saying that I am sure that much of the cinematic decision made here was deliberate to try and provoke an atmosphere, tension, realism and suspense, but there is not an aspect of Five Across the Eyes that I have not seen. I hate it to be honest, it seems like a bad homemade video that has been put on YouTube and even then it's still a bit embarrassing and a downright useless waste of 90 minutes of my time where I could have been doing something more entertaining and fun like pulling of my nails with pliers. Critics on the web seem quite positive but in the IMDb (the amount of comments from 1 Star is revealing and can not be wrong, right?) And is a message board that I think is much more an indicator of what is the average The person thinks that he is absolutely destroyed by almost everyone and the phrase "the worst movie I've seen" is used several times and to be fair, most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, it's okay, I suspect it's meant to be minimalist, but is this minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and it feels totally random. Continuing for years, the plot amount here would have trouble filling a thirty-minute television show done along a long-running feature. The dialogue is horrible with these annoying girls who do not seem to have a brain cell among them taking things randomly and shouting a lot. Oh, God, the screams, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining that not only irritates and annoys and prevents any sane viewer from feeling any kind of sympathy for them, it also makes what they are trying to say almost impossible to listen properly. . Then there is the real murderer, the whole movie is recorded and shot within the limits of a mini van, seriously, the camera never leaves this car and, as you can imagine, it becomes really boring, he adds that the low number of people A single person killed Screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie that I hated with passion. <br /> <br /> On a technical level, I can again see that the cinematic style here was a deliberate choice, but I must be honest again. & say Five Across the Eyes is the worst looking movie I've ever seen. As a movie fan, I like my movies to look like appropriate movies as it is a visual medium and I definitely do not want them to look worse than the average YouTube videos or my home movies filmed on a camcorder while I was drunk. It really looks so amateurish and so bad, it's a complete unpleasant and hate every moment of every second. Just think of The Blair Witch Project (1999) only ten times worse in appearance and sound and it will almost have arrived. There are moments in Five Across the Eyes where, literally, you can not know what is happening or is happening due to the work of the camera and the levels of almost black and grainy contrast. Violence is docile also with a few splashes of blood and a stab at the end. <br /> <br /> The low budget does not even begin to describe Five Crossed Eyes, with an assumed budget of around $ 4,000, this is easy One of the films with the lowest budget ever given a broad release. The two vans in the movie were owned by members of the production and that's basically all the budget, the locations. The acting is pretty bad on the part of the main cast, I just hated all the fakes made with the crying and the screams that did not convince at all, but that irritated me enormously. <br /> <br /> Five Across the Eyes will come down as one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen some, every time someone asks me what is the worst movie I've seen, Five Across the Eyes will definitely receive a mention. I hated it, every aspect and miserable moment of it.
