I'm stunned. Yes, that is correct. I'm really stuck here. I did not find it horrible in any way, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in a macabre hysterical and turbulent incoherence. The idea behind an Indie production so small and low budget is not bad, but it is a confusing mess and in the end it did nothing for me. He is amateur and simple; wants to exploit beyond reasoning and do it with the most modern and fastest filming style. We have the documentary camera (handheld) that moves everywhere (despite never leaving the truck) and, sometimes, we feel unfocused and blurred, which makes it difficult to discover certain details. Lately you get used to it, but there are times when it becomes too annoying and even nauseating. Keeping it will still help. The context has few bases (it has five teenagers on their way home after a football game late at night and they get lost on the back roads.) In a roadside store they are involved in an accident Lesser than destroying an SUV lighthouse unoccupied Scared, flee and not too long the SUV of a single light appears behind them Soon to make your night an unforgettable experience in terror, spend most of the time playing a game of cat and mouse exhausted, noisy and relentless. <br /> <br /> As for being disturbing? I guess that depends.Some moments can make you twist with your attention to pain, despair and demented brutality ( with a good use of penetrating sound effects that seem to be more favored over the images and without forgetting the alienating background sound effects), but I also found myself laughing, in the passages, it can be repellent and intense with a real gradual career, but hardly credible. Injuries to random characters never seem as serious as you should believe, even though they obviously should be. Observe how the blood runs freely, but it is not entirely convincing and can get dull. The constant nighttime car chase could only do so long before it became repetitive. We started screaming, vomiting, bleeding, running, cursing, body fluids, etc. They also followed quite unpleasant details. With little to do, I needed a script much stronger than the miserable forced that was written. Too many criminal moments arose from him, and there was not much depth in terms of the characters and the situation they were in. It was a set of pieces, waiting for the next torturer encounter and prolonged it enough. To help is that I had an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> The performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are like workers with their anguished characters and draw an authentic chemistry to compensate for the weaknesses of the script in their character base. The intensity of the bulging eyes of Veronica Garcia as the crank of the SUV was something. if something The true motivation of his character to terrorize girls and their unstable state of mind is virtually non-existent. I guess being psychotic was good enough. Now, probably the most disconcerting thing I found in the show was that horrible soundtrack. Terrible techno music, cheesy hard-rock and an overloaded closing score. He never felt exaggerated or interposed, but it stuck out like a sore thumb. The codirectors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen try to make the most of their meager resources, but even with that nervous spirit, it ends up being something quite unstable. Maybe it was fun to do it, but seeing it was simply not the case.
