See TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (is this a double meaning of the star?) It's like connecting a white noise or sounds of water made to help you sleep: place it in the DVD slot because there is nothing left on the shelves of the stores and you are in need of distraction after a hectic day. And it works for that with that purpose: being a British romantic comedy is a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is pretty simple about a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married to an increasingly distant husband. Sam (Jimi Mistry) who has put on hold his love life due to the burdens of his busy legal practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) likes both Sam and Alice, but has a great attraction for Alice that goes beyond friendship. Alice is related to her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), an advocate of free love, who encourages her to have affairs. On Valentine's Day, after a binge with her sister, Alice sends a card to Sam signed as 'Anonymous' as proof to see if Sam responds, proving his loyalty. At the same time, Archie sends a packet of radish seeds to Alice in which he has inscribed a suggestive love, no. Both have regrets ex post facto. In fact, Sam is spending time with a Katya mistress (Branka Katic) and, in fact, is fooling Alice. Alice organizes assignments with Sam via email and phone calls, and plans to meet with Sam disguised as "Anonymous" to prove his loyalty. The entire cast of characters is trapped in the silly farce and the end demonstrates that true love must be based on truth, and how this translates into the various pairings is the surprise (of some kind) of the fluffy script. <br /> <The British comedies work for the quality of the writing and the quality of the interpretation. Perhaps director John Hay chose to choose a British actress like Alice instead of sticking a false accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, the result could have improved. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloore overflows between his messages, slightly comical and pathetic. A terrible distraction is a musical score that is so strong that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive. There are some nice scenes from London and some moments of passable humor, but in the end, this little movie is best used as background music / white noise. Harp grady
