The story is something like this: a girl from a small town, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is New York. Stuffing as a comedy bike messenger and charming mishaps occurs. She falls into a hole in the ground and, therefore, meets the charismatic good man Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up so easily. Being "just" a girl from a small town And a blonde of two evil executives in a construction company, he decides he is the perfect scapegoat for his cunning plan. They follow misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences. However, this is a blonde who will not take it lying down! <br /> <br /> The people who judge this movie will soon prove themselves wrong. The jokes are reliable and adequate, and the story well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that it puts into question everything that Godard has created. The talented Jessica Simpson once again surprises with a strong role that only she could achieve. Simpson really is the Marilyn Monroe of our day (there is even a scene that honors her!). She balances perfectly between vulnerable and capricious. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he were covered in manure, that man would be as attractive as anyone. His light touch, his puppy eyes and his relaxed form make it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role for which he was born, one of the two diabolical executives. It really can not be underestimated. The strength of the action lies in its moderation. It's remarkable, because most of the actors just run away and play it to laugh at a low price. Not this boy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created an intelligent and often hilarious comedy, destined to become a classic next to the masterpieces of cinema such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Congratulations to everyone involved in this, especially to Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and his hearty laugh would make even the toughest man smile. You can be tough, but you're not SO hard! I recommend it to all who want to be caught and see a romantic comedy that, for once, feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack is great! <br /> <br /> Now if you have not received it yet. I'm being sarcastic. 1/10
