It is a common practice for a film about repression to be somewhat silenced in style and tone. However, there is a difference between using moderation and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists," starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible, with the result that it is a film that is never much more than a rumination about how teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott offers an excellent performance in the role of David Hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly establishes the dynamics of their relationship: she is completely absorbed in the day-to-day duties of fatherhood, she is silently disappointed in her frantic family life, and then tension increases when Scott may or may not be a witness. His wife with another man. From this moment, the film focuses on whether David will face his wife Dana or not, about her possible adultery, or whether she will beat him up and leave forever. From time to time, David receives visits from an imaginary "friend" in the form of a previous patient played by Denis Leary (borrowed from Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> While there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability to justify the exam, the last two thirds of the film are embarrassingly empty of subject matter or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates the drama of an unpleasant fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, culminating in a mindless hospital visit at the climax of the movie. The film never picks up the clues of what David is really capable of doing if he was not so devoted to his family; he also does not spend much time observing Dana's precarious equilibrium between his family life and his other more satisfying ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend most of the film worried about a fever that has become crooked, Rudolph kills The Impulse of his movie. By the time the fifth member of the family appears sweaty and sickly, the film has exhausted all the graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana end up retracing their steps again and again until a less cathartic ending. With nothing to build on in the last hour, the conclusion seems clumsy and patchy. "The secret lives of dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. All in all, a disappointing, unimaginative movie.
