Yes, I know, you are trembling with emotion. Well, * The Secret Lives of Dentists * will not alter your expectations: it's done solidly but essentially without imagination, true but boring. This is the story of a married couple who turns out to be a dentist and who share the same practice (it is already a recipe for problems: if it were not for our separate working lives, we would all cast our spouses out of sheer irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and attitude does not remind Everyman as much as Ned Flanders of * The Simpsons *, is the modest husband of father super father, and Hope Davis is the rigid and boring housewife who channels his frustrations towards amateur opera . . One night, when dad and daughters attend one of Davis' performances, he discovers that his wife is channeling her frustrations into something more than singing: she witnesses how his wife kisses and flirts with the opera director. (A nice touch: we never see the face of the opera director). Fearing the possibility of starting a separation, divorce and custody hearing procedure, only beneficial to lawyers, Scott decides to feign ignorance of his wife's indiscretions. <br /> <br /> Ya, the literate person among you is starting to yawn: ho-hum, another story about the bigeye and Little Cuckold whiner. But Rudolph, who took the story of a novel by Jane Smiley, hopes that the good luck of the material is compensated by a series of striking and postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary, relatively maintained, and fortunately, under control) will later become a kind of construction of the dentist's imagination, emerging as an advocate of the Devil on the shoulder for the elderly . Male fashion virtues ("Dump the b --- h!", Etc.). When his new imaginary friend does not incite him, Scott is tormented by fantasies that include his wife involved in a trio with two of the male dental assistants working in his practice. It will not go too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for real people (or Grown-Ups, at least). In that sense, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are undoubtedly recognizable human beings compared to the glamourpuss pair of Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the * Secret Lives * script is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof, I offer the description of the children of the dentists, especially the youngest who is approximately 3 or 4 years old, and whose main expression is "Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! FATHER!" This is family life, okay, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The movie would also be an interesting double account with Kramer vs. Kramer *. One can easily trace the Feminization of the American Man from 1979 to 2003. In this film, Dad is the housewife as in * Kramer *, but by no means is he frustrated by the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too manly toast Toast Here, Scott receives all plumb tasks, such as cleaning up children's vomit, cooking, cleaning, taking children to any extravagant activity after school that is on file. And all without complaint. (And without address comments, it's taken for granted). <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, mainly related to verisimilitude. However, he is swept away by greatness because of his insistence on fashionable distractions, which culminate in a long scene in which a horrible five-day stomach flu goes around in the home. We must endure meaningless fantasy sequences, initiated by the imaginary leader Leary. By the way, whose existence reminds the character of Brad Pitt in * Fight Club *. And this finally brings home the other major flaw of the film: the lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it has been too easy to refer to many other movies. Of course, this movie is an improvement on most of them, but still. * The secret lives of dentists * are worth seeing, but do not get too excited. (Not that you were so excited, anyway.
