Apparently, none of the previous critics, most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, has read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The most obvious inaccuracy is found in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s, the latter was invariably shown in a bad light. Although far from being an admirable character, he was an inept politician and a self-styled "military genius" who allowed France to be dragged into a disastrous war, not the stupid reactionary described here. He had an intelligent interest in science and, like many other people in the nineteenth century, saw a bright future because of the improvements it would bring. In addition to exiling Pasteur, it was his PATRON, he built a laboratory and gave him all the resources. I needed for your investigation. While the laboratory was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat, deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered work stopped by his own authority. When the emperor heard about this, his outrage shook the bureaucracy so that there was an avalanche of ridicule, and work quickly resumed. The emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and assure him that he would obtain his laboratory. The emperor often brought the members of his court admired the projects of Pasteur, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was one of the Emperor's favorites. The main concern of Pasurur with respect to the Emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was practically a miracle. The worker who could do almost anything, and was constantly assigning tasks out of his previous experience. Pasteur, a very modest man, always protested this, but Napoleon would say that he had full faith in him, and Pasteur despite his doubts. He always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the Emperor was overthrown, Pasteur refused to say a bad word about him, grateful for the end of his life. <br /> <br /> The part about your baby daughter and Pasteur sacrificing your principles to get a doctor never happened. The part about anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally correct, but the idea that the anthrax experiment led him from darkness to fame is false. He was famous and respected when this happened. This movie is fine from a dramatic point of view, but it is very distorted as a biography.
