What an unfortunate disaster is "Shiner". I wanted to like this aspiring anti-film first, and in fact I found several moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, those moments are few and far between. While I appreciate some of what Calson was trying, any advantage taken by bare bones, no budget photograph was destroyed with a really atrocious edition that did not benefit the film at all. <br /> <br /> While bad performance abounds in low In the budget (and big budget) movies, Shiner has some remarkably bad performances that are almost painful to watch. In particular, the "heterosexual" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two most badly written characters that offer almost nothing to the story. The acting is so abysmal and neither of the two actors seems to be able to resist smiling or laughing, as they sadly fall into their lines with a dreadful lack of skill. The choppy edition almost gives the impression that these roles were completely free and were included to prevent the movies from being styled as a gay movie of the weird. It would have been better as such. <br /> <br /> With everything that is going wrong, there are several performances that seem to capture what Calson hoped to obtain. In particular, the story centered on Bob and Tim. These are the two most richly drawn characters and offer the most rewards with truly captivating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. The remarkably low self-esteem is disguised by an almost caricatural arrogance that uses as a shield. Obsessed with Tim, the seemingly innocuous and finally spooky Bob stalks the boxer in the classic cat-and-mouse way. When the tables are turned and the hunter becomes hunted, the result is the only genuine emotional catharsis of the film. In a film so artificially harsh (which is a compliment), a character MUST have a revealing revelation (or a breakdown, as the case here demonstrates) and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and King the opportunity to show some real acting actresses <br /> <br /> As played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the film, and despite some moments of bravery themselves (including a truly disturbing scene that reveals the obsession with sex and violence), but it seems that they can not escape from a cartoon-like contraption and it is difficult to see, or beyond their apparent symphony, and find something more than the obvious. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this same raw material could (and should) be used to tell this story in a better way. Unfortunately, there's still not much to recommend, the performances of Mr. King and Mr. Zelinas really offer something special and a glimpse of what could have been and, ultimately, worth seeing.
