So, has it really come to this? Are we, as adults who indulge, the culprits of the next generation of viewers who lack cinematic comprehension and celluloid ability? With regard to the latest addition of Wayans and Co. to the scene of moving images; Little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Guide for parents), anyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult, a certified film, is the epitome of what has now become the worst case since the cigarettes were "removed" from the images of movie icons from the 1950s. <br /> <br /> The predominantly under-twelve public that, some unsupervised also grew up, sat there, obediently assimilating everything, oblivious to their subject and the partially developed features that Little Man portrays, in part at least as well. Films, in general, can do better than this poor attempt, while these nonsense is introducing them when they are still young and fresh, the biggest fear for the future of cinema is that a child's ignorance could continue until it reaches an adult happiness. The cinema deserves more than this, and so does its constant growth, and also in the literal sense, this brazen coward feeds on the always impressionable minds of young people. <br /> <br /> There is no cinematic experience. Here, no wonder of open eyes, no impressive respect for the magic of the movies. ' There is nothing but bewilderment and contempt, for the lack of substance, originality and its delivery of mentality less boredom and parody of everything that is now so wrong with the Hollywood machine, for the sake of a quick dollar, we must endure our future. cinematic audiences to people like this archetypal disaster movie. <br /> <br /> Will this make people like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner wobble in their graves? The money that everyone liked, without a doubt, but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality, and to a large extent, respect for their profession and audience, never failed. We are seeing, once again, with the works of the Wayans clan another cliché of bad taste, while those of White Chicks (2004) were undoubtedly a test of the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two main characters, played once again by the Wayans brothers, are so covert, that there is no recognition, this also makes it a better movie, and it is actor Terry Crews who gives White The chicks are their substance and personality, not the Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, with his pastiche of the Blaxploitation films of the 70s, as in the 1988 film I'm Gonna Git You Sucka, this can be seen as a comedian. and a funny movie, with big weights like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that Little Man has absolutely no person of any kind, is superficial and narcissistic, without appreciation or value to his followers, he immerses himself quickly in his money and, before we know it, he has hidden inside. The gears of commercialism. There is no recognizable effort as to where our money has been spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could only have gone up, but, unfortunately, they did not, without a great reflection on artistic value and there is no doubt that the delivery of these intrepid movies The next movies of the magnates will be direct to the video, you can only wait. <br /> <br /> The Wayans seem to have created a genre of films for themselves, to a certain extent; they have beaten to death the parody of the film, they have diluted each and every one of the avenues and with their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that cinema has given us, that the ghosts of past films are as humble in their judgment, as their growing audience, so far, it seems, because when the bubble explodes, they can Be so understanding too.
