[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are seeing the Lion King. Timon decides to return BEFORE the beginning, to when the story really began. So they come back. Way back. Back even before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house, which was miles from Pride Rock. A clan of meerkats hid underground to hide from the hyenas. The worst excavator in the clan was a pompous and self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother took pity on him, but Uncle Max just shook his head. Mother suggested placing Timon in sentry duty; Timon dreamed of a bigger and better place somewhere. At that time, the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed arrived and almost killed poor Uncle Max. That he did. The other meerkats just wanted Timon to leave, while Timon took it upon himself to leave. So he kissed his mother goodbye and left. He did not get very far before he started to miss the house. At that time he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what it meant, so he continued and found a boar named Pumbaa, who was completely alone due to a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumba are united then, but Timon declared them known, instead of friends. <br /> <br /> Soon they arrive at Pride Rock where all the zebras, antelopes, wildebeest, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other common animals have gathered. What is happening? Timon did not care. They went ahead. Timon then saw Rafiki on top of Pride Rock raising something he could not see in the air. Just then all the animals bowed. Was this to honor the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had passed gas and the animals bent to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa try a variety of new houses, but each of them is uncomfortable due to the incessant songs or hyenas or a large stampede of wildebeest. Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves lowering the current. When they arrive on land, Timon decides to give up. But then they look at their new paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fall as far as the eye can see. Timon named the place with a strange phrase he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go out to play skittles to the falcons one afternoon when they suddenly meet Simba. They take it under their wing and become father figures. They teach you the arts of eating insects and belching contests. Very soon, a teenage Simba faces Timon in a snail sipping contest. Simba won, leaving Timon seriously ill. <br /> <br /> Then, one day, Nala, Simba's childhood friend, arrived. Timon and Pumbaa only knew that she would break the friendship. Suddenly, Simba flees. Nala and Pumba run after him, but not Timon. He chose to stay alone in "Hakuna Matata", until Rafiki "spoke" with some sense to him, so he joins his friends in Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive then. While Simba fights against Scar, Mother and Max dig a big hole to catch the hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. It worked. Scar soon throws himself into the same hole where he is devoured by hyenas. Then everything is fine. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats are going to live with Timon and Pumbaa in the paradise that is Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the movie when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to see her again. Like Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, the seven dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, the Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Well, I must say that the Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I expected. He was too ridiculous and foolish. The original Lion King was a masterpiece. He had a serious story with light comedies. This was silly and he made fun of her. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are too exaggerated. They are exaggerated to the point of not being funnier, just annoying. The original voice is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumba, Matthew Broddrick as adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. New to the cast are Julie Kavner of the television series (also) The Simpsons as the mom of Timon's and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. Anyway, this movie is not The Lion King III, and it's not II because there's already an II. It takes place right after Part I and Part II are far away. Therefore, it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend it for Lion King fans because they are too ridiculous and frivolous. However children will love it, so I recommend it. I hope this is also the last Lion King movie. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we have come to expect from the creators of Disney sequels. <br /> <br /> -
