A director and his team head to the isolated Beal mansion to make a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that have taken place there in the last century. Even with the warnings of the caretaker, the director does not pay attention to the supposedly cursed house. One of the crew members finds a book called The Tibetan Book of the Dead and uses some of the passages of it for his script. But in doing so, when they are in red, they lift a ghoul from his grave. <br /> <br /> Bored, confused and sticky, all in one, equals this production of midnight horror without a dime. What seems an eternity, it seems that never gets going or shows something effective from ideas somewhat decent. Even though director Paul Harrison's awkward and stress-free direction built a couple of strange, moody, and acclimated elements. But laziness put it early. The whole film within a film structure occupies most of the film and at this moment little or nothing happens of great interest. It's not fun either. Think of "Kids should not play with dead things (1972)" by Bob Clark, and now we have older actors on paper. However, I found that "Seven corpses" are inferior. At the beginning, the script has a bit of cutting genius, before it ends up being monotonous, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. The cheap base that involves limited sets did not help either, but the dark and dismal aspect of the mansion had a creepy air. The performances of a recognizable b-cast are mainly rigid. John Carradine in part small mainly hides around. John Ireland plays a hot headed director, the actress of Faith Domergue demands attention and Charles Macaulay is proud. The premise of slow grinding is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie configuration. However, it is not so attractive, even with its hidden and supernatural edge. Demons even throw in some cemetery action, without prevailing. When the rotten ghoul makes its appearance? Finally, but a little late. It gets a little better, although very disconcerting. Like the inspired opening, the ending is deliciously latent. For evil in the middle, it constantly drags. The continuity in many scenes is non-existent, and the scenes of death are more exciting and more bloody (but, in fact, poorly executed) in the film they are making, then what really happens to them when the zombie appears. The generic music score wobbles with its shuddering, but frank Gothic signals, and the camera work is staged with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Work done. That is a wrapper.
