This is the kind of movie where it really hurts to recognize that it really sucks. I usually sanctify things like this! The films of the early 70's with titles that sound delicious and a low budget atmosphere, usually ROCK. "House of Seven Corpses" seemed to have even more triumphs, since the cast is a meeting of great veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the filming locations (the titular house, the cemetery) are obviously very convenient for a sad story of terror. The film begins with its most incredible and memorable sequences, but, unfortunately, they are the only ones that qualify as such. The credits are a splendid montage, complete with monstrous color effects and strange frozen frames, illustrating how the titular house received its notorious reputation. The last seven owners were mysteriously murdered here and the assembly of credits happily exhibits their last moments. Someone falls off the balcony screaming, a woman drowns in the bathtub and another female body hangs from the ceiling and four other macabre paintings. Needless to say, the house is cursed and the caretaker's uncomfortable behavior, Mr. Price (Carradine) only strengthens this reputation. In other words, the house forms the ideal terrain for acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to film his satanic horror film project. The film structure inside the film is what makes "House of Seven Corpses" so boring and uneventful. A lot of film material is wasted on the team members who put film reels in the camera and drag around the wires or? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay portray stereotypes of horribly intolerable actors. The plot finally gets a bit interesting (just a little, look) when one of the characters reads some lines from a hidden book and accidentally awakens a rotten corpse in the backyard. The asthmatic zombie (to judge by the noises that it produces) goes slowly towards the house and kills to all the equipment of the film, that remembers how the seven previous ones turned into corpses. After an execution time of approximately 60 minutes, the film suddenly becomes monotonous in something simply strange and confusing. I'm still not sure if the final turn has anything to do with the concept of reincarnation or just a coincidence, and all the remaining characters seem to undergo enormous mental transformations shortly before they die, for some reason. I sincerely regret having confirmed that "House of Seven Corpses" is a pretty terrible movie. The locations and the stage are chilling, but they are almost not used to the total effect and there is a serious lack of bloodshed. Numerous gems of the low budget 70 were amazingly disgusting, so the lack of financial means is not an excuse and the murders inside a movie really do not count. Even veteran stars, always reliable, offer hammy performances and Harrison's direction has no inspiration. It is not recommended, unless you think that the assembly of opening credits of four and a half minutes of fresh time is worth the effort of buying a copy.
