- A film crew is filming a horror movie in an old house, supposedly cursed, where over the years, seven people have died mysteriously. One of the crew members finds an old book of spells and it seems that it would be perfect to use it in some of the ritual scenes of his film. It was reasoned that the spells in the book are better written than the script they are using. But as the book is read, the cemetery outside suddenly comes alive. Now, the cast and crew face real danger. <br /> <br /> - IMDb shows a run time of 90 minutes. During the first 60 of those minutes, nothing happens. Too much time is spent on the movie inside a movie. Are we supposed to be scared by the horror movie they're filming? We already know that his film is not "real". These fears simply do not work. <br /> <br /> - There are very few things to enjoy about the House of the Seven Bodies. The acting is atrocious. Most of these "actors" would have problems doing a primary school work. The score is terrible. It is reminiscent of a television series from the 70s and does not provide any atmosphere. Speaking of the environment, aside from a few moments at the end of the film, there is nothing to talk about. The logic of the characters is almost nonexistent. Even in a movie, you expect the characters to behave in a certain way. Here, I do not think I remember a scene in which a character has not chosen the most illogical avenue available to them. And finally, there are the first 60 minutes of the movie that I mentioned. Can you say boring? <br /> <br /> - I have not rated The House of Seven Corpses in a lower position because of the cases in which the movie (probably by accident) really works. My two favorites are the beginning and the end. The sequence of the opening title presents the death of the seven previous owners and may be the highlight of the film. And, the final scenes on the huge staircase while the zombie threatens the film crew are somewhat effective (what a great support!). However, in general, these moments are not enough to make this a good movie.
