I have three comments to make about this movie, which I discovered hanging sadly on a lower shelf in Blockbuster. In the first place, it is interesting to see the approaches that filmmakers take to try to film works that are essentially impossible to filter. Some, like Kubrick did with "Lolita", got the original author to write a script that is something like the original work. Of course that can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing has been dead for a long time. Some have used the premises of the original work as a launching point to go in a completely new direction, unrelated (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can do it with nonsense: the "Slaughterhouse five" movie is, in my opinion, an example of that. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to render it in cinematographic vignettes. That would be the approach of "Everything you wanted to know about sex" by Woody Allen and, possibly, this movie. In consideration, it is probably the only thing that can be done with an academic work such as "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that whatever the cumulative point of the original work is hidden or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> Point two is the cinematic style. Some would call it a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's more crude than that. It is too heavy and shy to be effective for a long time. Eventually it's just annoying. <br /> <br /> Point three is perhaps a less intellectual observation. How the people responsible for this managed to make a film about wild sexual deviations and perversion that is so incredibly boring? I discovered that it is impossible to pay attention to the movie, and anyone who is not automatically attracted to the representations of sexual deviation will also find it that way. I do not want to be completely uncharitable and say that the film does not make sense, but I have to say that any point that the filmmakers had was quite hidden by the nature of the source material, the open copy of the film styles and the stubborn refusal to involve to the audience on an emotional level (possibly out of fear of being accused of excitement). <br /> <br /> The movie is a dubious exercise from the beginning and it really does not work for me, I'm sorry. tell.
