This movie is all flash and soulless. The actors put a lot of passion into the numbers, but these numbers often did not connect to the movie and felt like independent music videos. And no effort was made to make the numbers sound as if they were happening right in front of you, each one sounds like it came from a studio, essentially sucking all the life of the songs. Offstage, the performances were all boring and unrealized, especially Hudson, who essentially plays the same angry, "strong" (stubborn and selfish) black woman we've seen before. There was absolutely no depth in her character, nor any of the other female protagonists. Although I think the movie wants us to believe that Hudson's character faces difficulties because of his weight, it's really his own refusal to do what's best for the team that gets him into trouble, making the end of the movie meaningless. . The Hudson Academy Award is a joke, there was no justification. When he sang, he showed emotion (although he was often out of place, but this was the fault of the writer / director), but when he was acting, he did nothing to develop a character that was already subscribed. The character of Eddie Murphy is the only one with a bow, and he did a good job, but still he is not worthy of Oscar. The only actor that really brought something to the roll was Danny Glover, who took a small, relatively unimportant character and did something real. There is nothing here to sink your teeth, neither drama nor heart, not even laughter. The location of the musical numbers was so bad that sometimes the film almost seemed to make fun of musicals instead of being one; The number when Hudson is arguing with the other girls is so long that if he had spent more time, he could go through a Family Guy sketch. The film has no idea what it is about and I felt insulted by the last few minutes. It's a big and boring waste of time, and it's really the worst movie I saw in 2006, and to start with, nothing was really stellar last year.
