Dreamgirls, despite their handful of Tony victories in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. However, that does not mean that in the correct cinematic hands you can not materialize and polish something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, what is transferred to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of on-stage success with all its inherent weaknesses intact. First, the score has never been one of the strengths of this production and the film does not change that factor. There are many songs (maybe too many?), But few of them are especially memorable. The closest to the catchy tunes is the title song and One Night Only: the acclaimed song "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going" is far less grand than a dramatic piece for the character of Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is skillful and technically well produced, but the story and the characters are surprisingly thin and lack resonance. There is a bit of interest in the opening moments, watching Jamie Foxx's manager, Svengali, manipulate his actions to the top, but that takes a back seat in the last part of the movie, when the story conveniently tries to turn him into a villain , although he has been right from the point of view of business for a good majority of the film. Beyonce Knowles is charming and sings her songs perfectly well, but she is trapped with a character that is basically all the brightness of the surface. Anika Noni Rose, the third member of the Dreamgirls trio, literally has nothing to do for the whole movie. Eddie Murphy defends himself well as a singer based obviously on James Brown, but the role is not especially fleshy and, ultimately, has little impact. Foxx would seem like an ideal cast, but he seems strangely retired and bored. The movie's biggest selling point is surely the former American Idol / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the temperamental singer who is expelled from the group and makes a return of act of triumphant closure. For me, Effie has always been a big problem both in the program and in the film. The movie obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and, quite moderately, she's on her side, but I've never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. From the beginning, Effie behaves for the most part as an odious, selfish, egocentric diva, who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her instead of having a great interest in the group of which she is a part. When she is expelled from the group for her lack of professionalism and bad attitude, the charges are more than well-founded, but the stage show / movie seems to think that Effie should have an unlimited margin of freedom simply because she has a great voice. Although the film tries to soften some of Effie's tougher edges to make it more enjoyable, the accusations still stand. Her story becomes more manipulative in suggesting that she should have our additional sympathy because she is a single mother struggling to raise her daughter, which implies that (like the talent card) motherhood makes any behavior excusable. In fact, the only great effort the film makes to show Effie's motherhood is to tell us and then include a scene in which she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl has "no father" and then he refuses to look for profits. the job to support them from the singing is all that she knows. In the hands of a skilful actress, the gaps could have been remedied with technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actress. She sings well, but the moments guided by the dialogue do not come naturally or are very emotional moments. The distinctive moment of Effie (the mentioned number of "And I'm telling you ... is important") is well sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie is supposed to express her anger and despair at her situation, but Hudson is presented as a cabaret artist who sings a large number. All in all, it is not exactly the emotional highlight that one expects. The last part of the movie is basically a predictable mix of events that bring Foxx to Hudson's previous position and allow him to reappear and dominate everyone. Foxx's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly on a par with the course of many record producers with difficulties, but the apparent implication of the upcoming film because it helped start the era of the nightclub is pretty ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending, particularly of A film with all the depth of a puddle. The final result is a faithful interpretation of the blow on stage, drained of emotion, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
