Before I begin, I want to say briefly that this film itself is very well done and performed by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who in fact deserves his nomination. It is very entertaining, and. . . taken in the right context as a work of FICTION, it's a very good movie. That's why I give the two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting time with what you can read hundreds of times in another place, I want to point out the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction. as if it were true. I stress that this movie nowhere in the credits lets us know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it presents this character in a real historical setting, and allows the uninformed viewer to assume that it was actually real, and what they are seeing is the truth. I have no problem with the combination of reality and fiction, but doing so in a dishonest matter is, in a word, reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Africa, along with the majority of the Third World countries are full of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture the suffering of people in these countries in a movie. But Hollywood also has its eye on making money. The only real way to capture the suffering that seems to occur everywhere, except in the West, is to experience it for yourself or at least capture it in an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these descriptions of fictional characters In real historical situations you can only do a lot. At the end of the day, they become less about presenting the facts so that the viewer decides for himself, and more about guiding him from image to image and hitting him on the head shouting: "SEE, WE TOLD YOU IT WAS BAD!" The seminal example of this can be found by anyone who wants to watch the documentary on the DVD after reading the movie. It could be said that the most striking image of the film is the visualization of the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered his infidelity. In the film, we see that their limbs have been cut and joined in the opposite direction (arms for legs and vice versa). This is the director, making sure you understand that Amin is, as the Gungans say, Bom-bad! But when we watch the documentary, we learn that this is nothing more than a myth, that the acting Minister of Health at that time tells us that it is not true. <br /> <br /> Then. . . what . . . They just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to the correct conclusion ourselves. Look, the fact that she was murdered and dismembered is enough for us to come to the conclusion that Amin was not the nice guy that portrayed the media. We do not need this Texas-inspired image CHAINSAW MASSACRE to reinforce that! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What is also not explained to the casual viewer is that the main character Garrigan is fictional. There was no young Scottish doctor taken under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is clearly present just for helping us stupid Westerners to understand the African world. The producers seem to think that we will not be interested in a film about Africa unless there is a white face on it. (Ironically, even the titular character is represented by a black American actor!) The problem with this is that the film is no longer an exhibition of Amin and his regime, but an exploitative thriller about a white Western who comes to Africa for all events. wrong reasons, commit several horrible mistakes and then "redeem" himself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I have to say that it is almost reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of a date with a fictional Scottish doctor: it almost seems to become a morbid joke for entertainment! I really wish Hollywood would stop shaking us for our money. The first time I realized his propensity to do this was with the very sweet manipulation of John Nash's life, which eliminated the darker side of man to present only the tortured hero that only the United States can do. Do not get tired of The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years, and the viewers, who are predictably and understandably too lazy or indifferent to investigate for themselves, buy these fake portraits of hook, line and sinker. <br /> <br /> Look, I'm certainly not suggesting that Amin is becoming a villain that he was not. My point is that, truth being shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of man, why should Hollywood go so far as to reach fiction? Why should Hollywood continue to insult us by taking our hands through these movies? Why can not they trust us to think for ourselves? Can not we just put the honest representations on the screen and let the audience decide for itself? I urge everyone who continues to watch the supposedly "true" Hollywood films to do the favor of ALWAYS researching for yourself, and NEVER assume that what is shown on the screen is even closer to the truth!
