The performance of Forest Whitaker is even more impressive so it's almost worth sitting through this dreck. "Historical fiction" does not justify changing history. The absurd begins from scratch with the imaginary main character played by James McAvoy. To create a fictitious observer with the purpose of giving the reader a connection point in the book is unfortunate, unfortunate that white people can not simply read a book without a white protagonist to connect with, but at least it was placed in some way . Passive role Inventing a false historical actor and crediting this fiction by exposing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Not making the actions of this creation credible or even healthy is simply criminal, and has opened the door to films like the one they plan to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic Enron whistleblower who NEVER EXISTS. The logic of the world does not apply in this film where some Scottish children think it is okay to sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. It does not apply where the dictator's wife wants to sleep with a stupid, irresponsible, scrawny white boy. In fact, EVERYONE is in line to sleep with this squalid, irresponsible and arrogant white boy, even has Gillian Anderson licking his chops. <br /> <br /> Let me tell you that I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is, but I thought that his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was creepy and perverted. I think Kerry Washington would never look at him twice, so I can not believe that the wife of a powerful and dangerous man like Amin would take a chance and lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I simply do not see the appeal. His character seems to have a lot more arrogance than it would make sense, and trying to make him look like a rough man by shooting the cow was just ... again that word ... absurd. Think about it, you are seeing all these characters forming knots to accommodate this incredible main character and there was never a guy like that. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks amazing and sounds more British than most Britons. . Whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance, and stressed, with his incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches, how much he was acting. It is a pity that the movie around him had no reason to exist.
