"Women, they're all debuggers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, it's not a good translation; No way! This is lagging behind the "Dad's Army" of the previous year, completely losing the special small-screen magic of the original seminal television comedy, and not playing interestingly with the big screen ... you could almost say that this movie it's okay. it represents a decline in Britain, and more precisely, a decline in the British film industry. And that's not a recommendation, right? To be an example of the sadness of sadness ... <br /> <br /> All that remains after the subtlety of the original TV has been surgically removed, by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: music tracks endless and in disrepair, yawning, Ron Grainer theme ... reinforced sentimentality (that end of poor quality and thick ears ... how much bolder seems the second Steptoe movie in comparison) a greater feeling of sympathy - with the director and writers who apparently come off completely - totally applicable to something like the "deceptive monstrosity" (yours truly on this site) of 1973, "Mutations". There is a strangely flawed and sharp tone drifting in the scene in which Harold is beaten in a rugby club, which partly hate and recoil (until now, as a friend hinted, from the mood of the television series ...) But, at least, this seems an original and emblematic bias of the tensions that are coming to the boiling point in the Great Britain of 1972 ... However, there is an implied prostitute, aye of a 'golden heart' 'that looses the woman. -the traitor 'pon poor auld' Arold - and writing beyond the caricature of the 'class' element; Not to mention, the surprisingly poorly judged results of the usually fearsome clues. Brambell and Corbett conspire with the script and, in fact, fail to cure it of an essential ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock have done of everything ...? I will simply grant that a few moments is only about work, mainly those in which G & S play things with more care and B & C touch the most sensitive nerves, and it is not in general a matter that can not be seen. <br /> <br /> But, and oh, how it hurts me to say it: it's boring, boring, deliberately detached from reality and what made the television series great, and also totally in tune with the lazy loafer Misogyny, fuck, that will ... the reality of much of what was allowed to happen for the making of films in Britain at the time.
