Well, let me admit again that I have not seen any other Merchant Ivory movie (the distributor). Nor have I seen more famous works of the director, so my ability to discuss Before the rains outside the analysis of the film itself is attenuated. With that admission, let me begin. <br /> <br /> Before the Rains is a different type of movie that does not know what genre it wants to be. At first, it pretends to be a romance. In most romances, the protagonist falls in love with a secondary character, separates himself from the secondary character and, sometimes, joins with his partner. The hero of this movie has already won the heart of his lover, but he can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani, and they reside in the south of India during the last days of the Raj (British imperial government). Henry has been away from London for a long time and has fallen in love with his married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and his son abroad. What could be better than that? They often sneak out for intimate afternoons until some children notice them. The news is spread to Sajani's husband, who questions his involvement with Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his devotion to him and commits suicide. Keep in mind that these events occur in the first third of the movie. The film changes tone and becomes a criminal drama in its final parts. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered just as the Moores family comes to visit. The alleged author is the English education assistant of Moores, T.K. T.K. He knows about his master's adventure, but he keeps silent until his life is threatened. Once he is declared innocent, he tries to recover his honor by killing Moores. T.K. It is too delicate and leaves it on a dirt road while the rains fall. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you that this is not a romantic movie. The cover of the DVD and the theatrical posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man embraced in an idealized tropical environment. This image is captured directly from the opening of the movie, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems an effort to capitalize on the Western fixation on forbidden love. It is not effective, at all. Not only the film is not a romance, but its characters lack personality. They are bundles of walking clichés. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, the intelligence of T.K. T.K. It is torn between its own heritage and its educational background. Sajani is a woman incapable of having an option in her romantic life. Oh, and, of course, the Moores family is interested in Sajani's death, but it's still a bit racist for the Indians. If the tone were not so serious, I would be willing to overlook these problems, but it is not. The film is presented with a didactic nuance that highlights the deficient development of its character. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Apart from the ridiculous script, it's not poor. The actors are all experienced and perform well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently supervised The Terrorist, which is part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to direct this film because of a short film he saw in Israel called Red Roofs. Apparently, the story was "timeless," and Sivan tried to create a similar experience set in India in 1930. I have no problem with that approach, but I think Sivan may have been too motivated this time. The actors, the cinematography and the stage design are acceptable, but unless you share Sivan's aura, you probably will not enjoy it. My recommendation is that you suppose that you do not agree with him and that you look at something else. Final Consensus: * and ½ out of *****
