After seeing this for the first time in many years, I can understand how it is considered one of the worst Laurel and Hardy's. For me, it's not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some flaws defined in it. The film is set to show Laurel and Hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is fun as the protagonist of a "London Bridge" dance, surrounded by 20th Century Fox stars, while in the next room, Laurel teaches ballet for beginners while wearing a ballerina costume. A clumsy carpenter spills glue on the floor, leading to a predictable gag where Hardy ends up losing strength. Then, the scammers arrive, who now sell insurance that covers their protection racket. One of them is a very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as they intimidate the boys to buy insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the mobsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to Laurel and Hardy's support of wealthy sponsor Trudy Marshall and her inventive boyfriend, Robert Bailey. First they try to help them hide their relationship from their disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful suitor Allan Lane, whom we can immediately say is not a good sow. This leads to the hidden bar of Briggs being revealed to Dumont, who is in a total of tea, and a gag where he literally gets a carpet from the rich patriarch who makes his bed fall in a pond below. When Bailey uses the children to help show his ray gun, a pandemonium occurs. The dead butler announces to Case and Dumont that his house is on fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to earn money to pay rent for his dance studio and hopes that Laurel will break a leg to do so. There is no reference to the fact that the insurance vendors were mafiosi and that the policy would probably not be valid. (Even if they had become a legitimate insurance salesman, after being arrested, their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel ends up getting off a bus that had been abandoned by the driver for a supposedly rabid dog (just a covered icing, a toto that devoured Toto, or possibly the dog), causing Oliver to end up on a huge beach roller. roller coaster in which, somehow, the bus has finished, fitting perfectly its wheels on the tracks. The roller coaster gags can be exciting, as evidenced by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood," and this is fun but anticlimactic. <br /> <br /> As the story concludes, all these gags seem to have no point, giving the impression that this was simply a series of combined reelers to make a long-lasting feature, hopefully part of an invoice double. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of his later films, had lost much of its luster after leaving Hal Roach, but surprisingly here, they do not look as old and tired as in the movies made in the same movie. year. If the gags had not been so fun, as in the case of some of his other films, this would surely have qualified a "2" instead of a "3".
