For the Laurel and Hardy fans, the 1940s and beyond was a very sad time for the team. His contracts with Hal Roach Studios had expired and they were now "free agents", able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired the guys had no contact with their comedic talents. Also, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing these geriatric men taking pratfalls seemed sad, not particularly fun. Stan looked very ragged and Ollie's weight had shot up to the point where he could barely walk, so I felt uncomfortable laughing at his very, very quiet pranks. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this particular film suffers because strangely Fox Studios assigned them in a supporting role and created a parallel plot in which a young couple participated, something that reduced their time on the screen AND he turned them into insipid "hangers on" instead of being themselves. Stan and Ollie, cute and cute, are very oblivious to the old Laurel and Hardy of the 20s and 30s, and they seemed very strange and they did not sit well with them. <br /> <br /> Now even with your age, this COULD have been a decent movie if you had been given decent writing and if it seemed like the studio mattered, and it's pretty obvious that you were using "unit B" here, with, at best, second-class support. In particular, there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the film are simply terrible, relying exclusively on a retrospective and careless screen for the stupid chase scene, which could be described as one of the worst of its kind in film history . <br /> <br /> For those who love the zombies of Laurel and Hardy, it's a movie they will love. But, for team lovers who are willing to honestly evaluate this movie in relation to their incredible previous films, it simply seems to fail. In fact, of all his films before 1940, I can not think of one that I would like less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, of the films after 1940, this could be one of his best. Sadly, it got much worse, with miserable movies like THE BIG NOISE and NOTHING, BUT THE PROBLEM. I just wish the guys had retired after SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews for this film in IMDb could reflect the love of the critics for the team more than it is an indication. That this is a good movie? For an audience that is NOT already in love with the team, I do not know HOW this movie will do nothing but bore the audience; Of course, it will NOT convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even comedic geniuses need material worthy of their talents.
