This film uses all the clichés of the art houses (slow rhythm, long static shots, minimal amount of dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there really is nothing worth seeing here: there is no argument to speak, the characters are sad (female) lead) or cliche (the character of Tersteeghe), and they never talk to each other about anything that concerns their lives rather without incident. The film centers around a woman who finds out about her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting him, she takes half revenge for committing adultery herself. After a fight and a reconciliation with her sister, who knew about the adultery without telling her, she asks her husband to stop cheating on her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other lines of history, the planned transfer of the elderly father of the woman with his young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry with the woman's sister, offer no interesting development. The suicide of a woman's colleague that seems to trigger events in the film is not an issue in itself. For 2005, or any other year, it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> In addition, the few possibilities of dramatic development in the script are not used or consciously avoided, as when both the woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture in their parents' house that will be sold. due to his planned move. Both sisters want this particular piece and, given their rivalry in the past, for things far more important than furniture: men, this could, in theory, lead to a confrontation. Or the matter could be solved by one sister giving way to the other. Either way, this would not be a very interesting or original development of the story, but at least it would constitute some development. The film clearly establishes this situation (with the two sisters looking attentively during the signage and a sister mentioning that she does not want to remove straws), but avoids any resolution: the scene simply ends and how this - in itself rather sad and materialistic - the problem is solved, it is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue found in the film is unbearably flat and lukewarm. For example, when during a visit to Guernsey, the two sisters approach their rivalry is in a dialogue of three lines that has a childish "yes it is, no, it is not". The scene of struggle and reconciliation with the 2 sisters is completely without dialogue, which gives a highly artificial impression, too stylized and unrealistic, and considerably reduces its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - The adultery of their husbands must be addressed in a single line of dialogue to believe it, and at the same time it is completely incredible. The husband does not seem to have any noticeable reaction or if he has any, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her own adultery to her husband. The scene that shows the woman, the husband and her small son asleep in a passenger plane, observed by the sister, is possibly a happy ending, but the way in which the characters addressed the problems of their lives in what happened before makes this unlikely. <Br /> <br /> Due to its slow pace, disinterested story, lead direction and absurd lack of dialogue, I found this movie an example of everything that can be wrong with an art film and a complete waste of time.
