Slither is a horror comedy that really does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has a scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingers that work, but very few real fears and there is not enough humor to keep the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and the heroine, and breaks down in several places. <br /> <br /> One major flaw in this movie is that it presents and then leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow. Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) when it is presented for the first time and then becomes the monster. All this part of the film is prolonged: the character of Michael Rooker is not as interesting for us as a person, and watching him perform a series of movements while acting in the monster's interest could be interesting if it were Grant: Portrait of a man Turning Into to Monster instead of an alien invasion film of horror and comedy. In the final analysis, the problems of this film are in the script; It is not as important to the audience how the monster acts or propagates. The purpose of a horror comedy is to get the heroes to be backed up in a corner with shotguns and then throw bugs at them, and crack them every time something awful or disgusting happens. Instead, we explore the habits and tactics of the aliens that only make this part of the film drag. The ostensible heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central in this part, but, nonetheless, I felt that the film had left its narrative footprint, unless I planned to follow Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his gang finally face the alien, the film begins to cook, but once again the problem is in the script. At this point, the public knows, and the characters must know, that Grant not only suffers from some disease and acts accordingly (shotguns), instead they continually get confused by the growing evidence that this is not something that " allow you to a hospital "will help. Although their reactions could have been human and real, these are characters in an action movie and they should have simply done what the film promised: the action taken. The lack of action scenes in a movie with so few ideas like this is a great failure. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the bursting of the sack of alien larvae (a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the film) the script once again betrays the movie. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken by the alien and develops a perception of the alien. The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as this character a completely new character, instead of one of the secondary characters already developed. Why? Why did he have to introduce a completely new character for more than an hour in the film that becomes central to the plot? At the moment when this character is attacked, we almost do not know anything about her and we can not worry about her, even though she is a lovely teenager in her bathroom. If Gunn had decided not to use this character and had only used one of the established secondary characters, he could have completely avoided introducing his family and saved time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been completed in the plans of the alien without all the additional characters, and could have managed to scare the aliens before and with more vigor. <br /> <br /> My last criticism is based on The look of the film. Gunn is primarily a writer, or maybe it was budget restrictions, but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in the woods or in a field, and the screen just seems monotonous. The sets in Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) seem cheap. The whole movie seems cheap. Box Office Mojo states that the budget of the film was $ 15 million, the newspapers say $ 29 million and, considering that they did not use any name talent, I would say that the money did not appear on the screen. The monster is simply repulsive, and it rarely seems deadly. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is based mainly on the reality of the character's actions. By the time Fillion and Co started hunting Grant / the foreigner, a woman disappeared and it is known that Grant has been mutilating animals. At this point, I expected the FBI or at least the State Police to appear and take over the Sheriff. A woman has disappeared and has probably been murdered, and a local has been acting as a psychotic. It's time to call the authorities. But basically I was expecting it to happen because I just wanted some characters to show up and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is apparently a horror comedy, the movie that most resembles is Dreamcatcher in the United States. terms of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with the story (especially the Morgan Freeman side story) and particularly the ending, in many ways it was stronger, mainly because the main characters were stronger, but more important because it looked beautiful. Although that may be anathema, preferring the film that is weaker in the general plot and the structural spine due to the production values, that only shows how uninteresting the appearance of Slither seemed to me.
