This movie baffles me. I might just be a stupid American, but I do not really have 400 hits. Everything I've read about this movie has been totally rave, but I could not stay interested. I'm sure it was as revolutionary in the cinema as all critics say, but when it comes to that, it's really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, it may not be "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but in any case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; This is a young Frenchman who is treated unjustly by his parents and teachers, and eventually ends up in a youth center. That in itself should be interesting, and it was, at the beginning. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but it's hard to say because half the conversations were not subtitled and for no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was happening. But for the dialogue we could understand, it made a lot of sense. The actors were credible enough, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations. So you feel for the main character, but only in the sense that when he gets into trouble you think, well, that sucks. The plot is not even its typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets into more trouble than he did the last time, but the reasons never vary too much. And through the whole movie, you realize that there's nothing the main character can do about it. So it's more like waiting to see how it ends. The end, by the way, was completely over my head. It's too artistic for me, and I just did not understand it. Getting to the end was easy enough to follow. The structure was certainly there, and it made sense too, but everything was really drawn. For the amount of dialogues and significant moments, the film could have been a shorter hour. It just did not end. Part of it was the unnecessarily long shots, none of which was especially memorable; For example, the ending was a clip of the main character running down a rural road that lasted about thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure it had a deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather have got up to get some more food during that time. Or, at least, doing something a little more useful than sitting down and watching this child run, like washing my clothes or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> Final verdict <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the whole movie was that this would probably be very moving and simply amazing and that it would teach me a great lesson in life, if I could? Do you understand what the director was trying to say for his? Unique decisions As it was, I felt cheated by two good hours of my life.
