This film, also known as "The Four Hundred Blows", is a mistranslation. The "fierce blows" of 400 "means" live a wild life. As a Frenchman, I am surprised when I see the popularity of this good movie, but by no means exceptional. 1. It is not the first film of the movement "nouvelle vague"; check "la pointe courte" by Agnes Varda, (1956) "Hiroshima mon amour" by Alain Resnais (1958), "le beau serge" by Claude Chabrol (1958) are earlier Historically, "les 400 coups" comes later. 2. The "nouvelle vague" was sometimes heavy and harsh for its predecessors: Overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many others were condemned to oblivion. This selfishness and this contempt are typical "nouvelle vague". You have never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier ya, Feyder) laugh at, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. So, thanks to Truffaut and company. , some people will never discover some gems of the fifties or forties French ("sous le ciel de Paris" by Duvuvier, "douce" by Autant-Lara, "une and jolie petite plage" by Yves Allégret and "manèges"). He went so far as to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "The 400 blows" is technically quite disappointing: it is very academic, the story is as linear as it can be, the teachers are cartoons and the mother Claire Maurier offers such memorable phrases (you have to be French around 1960 to understand what ridiculous that is): Well, your father only has his brevet (high school diploma) and, as far as I'm concerned, I only have my high school diploma. 1960, only 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should have been proud of his mother after all! She wants him to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. In comparison with the innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which presents a new form and a new "fragmented" content, "the 400 hits" become significant. Truffaut will dominate a new form only with the highly superior "Jules and Jim", helped by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau. 5. The interpretation is quite rigid; Jean-Pierre Léaud, possibly listenable when he doubles in English, is still decent, but will soon degenerate into the most affected of his generation. 6. The theme = the stolen childhood had better days before ("Poil de carotte" by Julien Duvivier, "The forgotten ones" by Luis Bunuel) and then ("L'enfance nue" by Maurice Pialat, "Kes" by Kenneth Loach) . he does not want to degrade Truffaut, his film is not bad, but frankly, French moviegoers prefer "Jules and Jim" "L'enfant sauvage" (an honest, true and commercially uncompromising film) "The poche agency" (so academic like "400 hits" but much more fun) or his nice pastiche "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
