It is an axiom of Frank Zappa that "musical journalism is people who can not write, interviewing people who can not speak for people who can not read." If you ever needed proof that the musicians can not talk, this is the movie for you. The repeated attempts of depth stumble on themselves to end in monosyllabic comments delivered in astonished voices: "Wow". (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This movie is pretentious but, although much of the pontificate of Youssou N'Dour and his gang of gay men (and a token woman) prays, music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the film (what I consider to be the main idea, extracted from the inarticulate comment) is interesting. To bring together a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew up in and out of slavery, back to their roots in West African music, and a concert at the old strong of slaves. of Gorée on the coast of Senegal. We treat gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including some fantastic drums in New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a good amount of own compositions of N'Dour. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that is another weakness. It is never quite clear what N'Dour wants to achieve. To some extent, the film seems to be a self-promotion exercise by N'Dour. He wants to play his own music, jazzed to a certain point and acted in the company of a group of musicians that he admires. He is clearly a little embarrassed by this and at the beginning of the film he gets the blessings of the museum curator Gorée. <br /> <br /> The clash between the different agendas is shown in several other places. For example, someone obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his classmates are Muslims (a point repeatedly pointed out throughout the film). The first sequence that involves black Christians is uncomfortable and then disappears from the story until the group of close harmony (the only black Christians who can maintain the tone?) Appears in Dakar at the end of the film. (To be fair, they appear triumphantly and represent the best piece of the movie). If the history of black music needs to agree in the direction of the gospel, why not also in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences of the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here, the black diaspora does not seem to have produced any caliber musician, since N'Dour opts for an Austrian guitarist and a Luxembourg trumpeter. Are they on the team just because N'Dour has played with him before? However, what I found most annoying was the long sequence that tried to recreate a kind of cultural beatnik / black power / Nation of Islam from the 60s in the house of Amir Baraka (a.k.a. Leroi Jones) of New York. Listen to people talk about the importance of "knowing your story" and then perpetuate ignorance. Why do so many African-Americans believe that taking an Arabic name is an affirmation of their African roots? And why do they believe that Arab Islam is much more admirable than European Christianity? Who do you think established the African slave trade in the first place? The film does not have much to say about the current situation in West Africa beyond the reality that "current conditions" are a consequence of the fact that all the brightest and the best have been dispatched for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be poor but happy people, with musical talent, friendly and welcoming, respectful with their elders (and not above deceiving the American visitors in the fish market). Is this ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? There are no comments about the armed guard that N'Dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong implication in the film that The slaves that were taken out of Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between the New Orleans folk drum style and Senegal's folk drum style is cited as evidence. The last thing the slaves heard before they were taken away was the drumming of their native land, dismissing them. Except, of course, that, in general, the slaves sent from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or exchanged from the interior by Senegalese from the coast and sold to merchants of any European power that currently had Gorée's slave fort. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who escaped the slave trade, are they equally likely? more like ?? be descendants of the people who sold their black brothers to slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The agenda of the two hits again in the final part of the film. There are two separate terminations. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co have been rehearsing and preparing on the road and offered in the courtyard of Gorée's slave fort. The other extreme comes when the Harmony Harmoneers sing the spiritual "Return to Glory" at the entrance to the sea of ​​the slave fort. This is deeply moving, even if it is hard to believe that the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a flawed movie. It is not clear from the story he is trying to tell and he shot in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional in turns. Watch it (listen) to the music and the feeling, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
