I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I ran to get Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed to see Cushing again ... even if it was not Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this film not only does it without Lee, but it does it without the Frankenstein Monster. Was it a case of "If we can not get Lee, we will not have a monster at all"? Why would they do that? The monster is half the fun of it all! This film is dedicated exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest to complete the experiments he had started on brain transplants before ending up in an asylum. I found the script extremely weak, with the need to suspend the forced disbelief on the audience a little too much. I'm willing to suspend a good amount, but this movie became pretty ridiculous, which got me out of the movie instead of immersing myself in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant at playing the pure evil. in this movie For being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet men, surely it could be extremely threatening and malevolent. The cast is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his girlfriend blackmailed to help Frankenstein. He introduces himself to a clumsy police chief, along with his shooting partner, to generate comic relief, and then they are completely eliminated from the film! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of police will be the Baron's main enemy, then we are led to believe that he will be the young doctor and that he will later fall victim to Frankenstein's brain transplant experiment. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature", and the ending was left so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear that they are preparing another sequel. <br /> <br /> Also, there are practically no "horror" elements. Yes, there is a decapitation at the beginning (outside the camera), and we are treated by the sounds of Cushing cutting the top of the skulls of two men (again, out of the camera), and there is the most disturbing and totally disturbing rape scene unnecessary (90% of which is, again, off camera). I understand that there is a love for "let the audience imagine everything, because their imagination is much worse than we can show", but come on, if you are not going to give us a Monster, at least let us SEE the few "horrible" elements that you choose to include Showing us a skeleton in the laboratory lit with a green light is not scary. <br /> <br /> At the top of a weak script, I thought the direction was mostly flat. There were a couple of good shots, but otherwise no emotion, atmosphere or suspense was generated. The same director did "Curse" in 1958 and I thought he was brilliantly directed ... I guess this movie did not inspire him as much as I did. <br /> <br /> The film gets 4 out of 10 of me strictly for the powerful and nuanced performance of Peter Cushing ... beyond that, I found little in this movie that is worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a great horror film by Hammer.
