Even by the 1942 standards of filmmaking, the configuration presented by HIS CARTBOARD LOVER goes back to the extreme. The machinations of half of a couple (husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to return the other to the threat of marriage with another, divorce or eventual separation through jealousy, humiliation or others. the schemes had been made much better in the classics such as HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both films feature women with a strong and indomitable screen presence and who played independent and protofeminist characters. In both movies, both women separated / divorced from their (husbands) first husbands and married uncolored men who were the exact opposite, and both would be tricked into turning their future husbands off and rekindling their passion for each other. <br /> <br /> The plot in HER CARDBOARD LOVER changes gender: here, it is Norma Shearer in the role of Cary Grant, this time, to alienate a former boyfriend (George Sanders) by hiring Robert Taylor to pose as his gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a more suitable role for an actress in her twenties; Sanders is as involved as a piece of furniture for the most part: any man who was in love with his girlfriend, seeing a strange man come out of his bathroom like here, would turn off the lights and cause a fire. great scene Here, no. And Robert Taylor does his part as if he were trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not in speech inflections but essentially in general. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer herself. For an actress accustomed to the parts that gave her a sensation of intellectual sensuality and dramatic presence, interpreting Consuelo Craydon seems to put her in the middle of a total overacting, excessive exaggeration and excessive gesticulation that, at the same time, is part of her style . to act and more appropriate ten years before, it makes her look like an extremely educated artist who brings out the joke of a situation like the water of a sponge that is quite dry. Only fuels the fires that tell the theory that gives Irving Thalberg the creator of his career and elector of the roles (most of them); why she played roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but, again, most accounts also claim that by this time she had run out of acting, that she had lost interest in the whole thing and it is no secret that someone who has experienced this type of things. He has lost focus and can not wait until retirement or the end of a contract is about to go as soon as possible. Such could be the case here. It seems lost, it seems tired, it seems to be uncomfortable, going through the autopilot instead of living the part. After this movie, I would not do more, but I would be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who would become a star of the screen in the late 40s and 60s.
