I could not understand this movie most of the time, nor could anyone else, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this movie has practically nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend. He is assigned to photograph a mountain range. It is rumored that he is delighted, but I could not tell if he heard that from his boss or later in the movie. On his way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to accompany him on his work trip. Throughout the film, there is a terrible musical score, consisting mainly of noisy songs that make you want to shout "ALTÚNTOLO !!!" What is really going to bother a person is that the film always seems to be about to become good, even if it never does. There is a beautiful mountain landscape and a genuinely spooky environment. The inn and the old buildings, silent and abandoned, scattered on the mountain, are quite disturbing. The foggy nights seem real, not as if someone had put an artificial smoke machine on the set. And the idea, although not original, had potential. But it never gets better, at least not enough to be worth it. This is how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange innkeeper (waiting to be called Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene in which the writer believes that there is a tom who looks furtively in her window, but the scene is so dark that she had no idea what was happening. I do not know if this was low lighting or a bad film transfer. In any case, we never found out what happened. There is a scene in which she walks away during the night. It is never explained if she is asleep or hypnotized by the witches of the title. Another scene that is never explained is when your car is stolen, then found, with nothing stolen. They end up in this seemingly abandoned mountain town whose only inhabitant is this seemingly kind old woman. There are other things, including a wild man chained in a cave that is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in some way (will they kill her or brain her so that she can join them?), The witches themselves, a group of brunette women in white tunics that do not appear until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the final scene does not make any sense. When all is said and done, most people will be saying, "Eh?"
