To say that this movie is extremely difficult to follow and as frustrating as sitting is to say it very gently. He also says that the current impression available is dark, grim, harsh, abysmally edited, painfully bent, seemingly censored, and in an almost invincible way it is also correct. This film urgently needs a good remastering of the full negative, without cuts, original and seeing how reasonably atmospheric (and won the director's award at the Film Festival of Catalonia), it could actually be worth it. Then, again, maybe not ... It's impossible to say in your current condition what kind of movie it really is. It starts quite interesting, if you can discard the opening sequence of pre-credits completely meaningless, which involves a deranged girl of cats that kills snakes called Gerda. The girls' mom, Carla (Monica Randall, who should have removed her eyeliner a bit), splashes some gas in the garage and burns the milk to the child. Apparently as crazy as the young Gerda, she goes to visit her ex-boyfriend photographer (ex?) Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He's on vacation at work, but so desperate to get away from Carla that he asks his employers to assign him an assignment ... any assignment. She frowns "You'll regret it!" while going to the door. Well, Mario is assigned to photograph "Montaña de Brujas" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before arriving at your destination, you can see a hottie on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and take a few pictures of her taking off her bikini. Just a little annoyed, she says being a single writer, the two flirt and then decide it would be a good idea if they went together to travel to the mountain. When they pass by his place so he can pack his suitcases, Mario suddenly hears loud and sinister music. Delia says she's just listening to things. <br /> <br /> So the two start their trip to the mountain, stopping at a local inn to spend the night. There they meet a strange innkeeper, partially deaf, with crazy eyes (Victor Israel) and Delia claims that someone was spying here through his window. The next day, under a little trance, she moves away from the mountain and is finally located by Mario, who gets out of his jeep and runs after her. While he learns what is happening, someone steals their wheels and they are forced to walk a piece, and finally they find the jeep intact at the foot of a small ancient village and apparently abandoned ... almost as if someone tried to attract them intentionally. there. Well, as we shall see, that is exactly what has happened. In the village they meet a friendly old woman called Zanta (Ana Farra) who says that she is the only person who still lives there and allows them to stay at home. Mario takes some pictures of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them they are disturbingly full of people. Slightly frightened, he and Delia begin to leave and get caught in the "treacherous" fog and have to stop and camp for the night. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats that transform into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras and a mortal fall from a cliff. And yes, by chance, Carla, the separated wife, also turns out to be one of the witches. Everything happens in the gloom and, to be honest, I did not know what the hell was happening most of the time. The final "open" non-conclusive is just an additional slap for anyone who has to suffer the rest of this senseless mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are just a few things that stand out for being really good. The first is the actress Shepard, who has that great mysterious and dark beauty of Barbara Steele. There is also an excellent musical score (accredited to Fernando García Morcillo) and songs that helped enormously to make this film as atmospheric as it is. The location work is pretty decent, but as I said, the printing is as ugly as it can be and does not make any sense, so proceed with caution in this case.
