In Europe, he is known as Who Dares Wins; In the United States, it is known as The Final Choice, but under any title, this ridiculous SAS action movie asks the audience to put their disbelief aside for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was chosen almost as the successor of Roger Moore in the Bond films ... this guy is so deadpan that he would struggle to get a job in a wax museum (like Luckily, Judy Davis is at your disposal to partially redeem the issue with a fleshy performance as a hard-line terrorist, and there is a ten-minute climate action sequence that is orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. Let me add that it is a very long wait. It's too long to wait for these closing emotions to come, and I honestly can not say that it was worth waiting for about two hours for a decent bit of action. <br /> <br /> SAS hard man Peter Skellen ( Lewis Collins), is undercover among a group of peace protesters who would like to see the end of the accumulation of nuclear weapons, meet their leader, Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong woman of opi that he might be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve his goals. Frankie's dedicated group violently besieges the site of the US Embassy in London, demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at a naval base in Scotland (she believes that when the world witnesses a real nuclear explosion, everyone will be so horrified that they will join the campaign for disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen to her little raid at the embassy, ​​and he plans to thwart her plan from within with some outside help from her SAS colleagues. <br /> <br /> The film is obviously inspired by SAS's impressive assault on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw that event on the news apparently thought it would be good to design a movie in a similar way. Unfortunately, the movie is quite banal, with too stupid a dialogue and a lot of embarrassingly bad scenes (the debate of the archbishop who falls in a riot, anyone?) Frankie's idea of ​​achieving peace by instigating a nuclear explosion is ridiculous. Anyway, so it becomes a ridiculous figure just when the public is about to see her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins tries to be a celebration of the military legend that is the SAS, but at the same time is immersed in clichés of clumsy action and ill-conceived plots. The result is a well intentioned but totally ineffective slice of the absurdity of Boy's Own.
