This is a very old and inexpensive film, a typical B-Western low budget in many ways. Gary Cooper was not yet a star and this film is very reminiscent of the first John Wayne films that were made for the studies of "the poverty line". With both actors, their style and family personality were not yet fully formed. This incarnation of Gary Cooper does not exactly look like Cooper's, only a few years later (he speaks faster in this first film, among other things). <br /> <br /> However, unlike the average B movies of At the time, there are at least some interesting elements that make the film unique (if it is not good). If you ever want to see the woman who was married to Errol Flynn for seven years, this is your chance. Lili Damita plays the female interest for love and this is a very, very strange casting choice, since she has a strong accent (she was French) and was not even close to being a "pretty movie star". By the way, she was also married to director Michael Curtiz. <br /> <br /> But for me, the most memorable and strange aspect of the movie is the apparently gay side story, something like a BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN from the 1930s (and we thought it was a NEW idea). The character of Gary Cooper was created by two men who hate women and do everything they can throughout much of the film to keep Cooper away from women. This misogyny alone does not necessarily mean much, but there are many clues throughout the film that indicate that the creators of the film really tried to portray them as a gay couple. In particular, towards the end, when one of them dies, the other is shot by an arrow and stops dying long enough to crawl to the body of his fallen friend and then falls, with his arms cradled around him! This was a pretty nervous thing for the time and I think this makes this boring movie really fascinating today! In regards to Cooper and the plot, the film is somewhat disappointing and very difficult to jump. Unless you're curious about Damita or the homosexual overtones, do yourself a favor and find a better Western.
