So, this film has been acclaimed, glorified and taken to incredible heights. But in the end, what is it really? Many of the ways in which it has been made to work for a hearing audience on the screen do not work. The rather academic work of the camera keeps the signature confusing, and the scenes that are in ASL are difficult to follow as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent. The interpretation of the voice of Matlin's dialogue, under the excuse that the character of Hurt "likes the sound of his voice", makes it more and more a strange distant object as the film progresses. Matlin shines in the few scenes where his signature is not partially hidden from view. But nevertheless, most of the film, when it comes to a love story, is only shown from a unique point of view, that of man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the battle of two people for the common ground on which they will communicate, it is not fair to make the whole movie in terms of just one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that an oralist teacher who uses methods that have been imposed in many schools for the deaf for decades would be presented as "revolutionary" is quite insulting in itself. Your character weakens as a credible teacher as the movie progresses. Drawing the comedy with a dull accent is honestly quite low. And his attitude toward the male students of his class is quite symptomatic of how he seems to act with women: as a man with a right. A party scene involving several deaf people, including some academics who meet, leaves him seemingly isolated, in a way that is quite inconsistent with his credentials: I have seen the interpreters spontaneously switch between them, even when they are not. they were aware of a deaf person is in the area and yet, somehow it feels like a fish out of water in an environment to which their education should have accustomed it perfectly. As a lover, he seems like a typical nice guy, who includes his tendency to act possessively afterward. And yet, the movie is only really seen through him, since everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes that involve the other deaf children are, in general, wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the initial dream scene that is supposed to carry some of it, all these scenes that try to insinuate the isolation of the main deaf character are broken metaphors, in the best of the cases: hearing people I know dance in the basses that the deaf feel (instead of squirming like copulating Chihuahuas), and go diving at night for a person who hears is rarely an excuse to make a profound statement about the isolation of deafness (no, really, when I'm going to swim, I'm going to swim) ... <br /> <br /> It also fails to bring the end of the play, instead it's a story of a deaf woman who submits to a strong man. Although the original work ended with a more equitable ground, where both have to accept themselves as they are, and where he has to finally recognize that his real voice is the movement of his hands, not the vibrations in his throat. <Br /> <br /> And in spite of everything that might seem, Marlee Matlin remains the deaf woman of Hollywood to this day.
