There is something in most of us, especially men, who admire the populist food of the "real men" of a hard-working city. And Sean Penn serves it to us with a cherry on top. Hello, many people use Penn as a political child, but I do not rate movies or actors / directors based on politics or personality. That's what right-wing commentators do as fake movie excretor Debbie Schlussel. While recognizing that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I believe that this image was a simplistic piece of aimless bluntness for which he has atoned. <br /> <br /> Okay, you got the gist of this: this good cop, a little town soldier, Joe, played against the guy David Morse, who in the initial scene chases a guy on a rural road in Great cars of the sixties. The bad guy stops, goes out, shoots him, so Joe has to kill him. There was no explanation of what led this man to do something so violent and desperate, and the parents of the dead man went crazy in the police station, while Joe feels very sad and guilty for killing someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer who forced his land to work as a policeman, is a good basic type of man. Then his brother Frank appears, he is a sadist, an amoral thug, fresh out of the army and Nam, where the war took his blood. Some people here and in other reviews called it simply an irresponsible hell raising his younger brother and Sean was trying to make some comment about what our culture and John Wayne's tough-guy war do to good people, but what vi was an amoral and sadistic thug who enjoys hurting and swindling people. Then there are mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the necessary turn as an old-fashioned country couple, and then die; She because of illness and he by suicide, to tell us the story. On both occasions, Frank, the bad guy, is out, being a miserable SOB. But good Joe takes him back to Podunksville from jail so Frank can straighten out his life by welding bridges and living with his stupid and screaming pregnant wife. But Joe has a good wife, played by the Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican and Sean uses this as an exercise in some goody Joe affirmative action ornament and his real commotion under the uniform and the cut of the crew. For me, that was a completely useless secondary plot of affirmative action that Sean uses to polish his hard-guy credentials by sucking the Mexicans because Mexicans are very strong and great. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we get the requisite events like stealing a friend's car, stealing a gas station by hitting the employee on the head and then setting the car on fire and all those cool things the devils do . Then there are the obligatory flashbacks of the 8mm childhood of the young Joey diligently moving the grass and the Franky cowboy jumping on his back and fighting him and yadda yadda so that we all know what a deep bond there is between the two. <br /> <br /> So the movie winds around with a lot of little ones piled up from the city to warm the heart of any red stater. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixties songs like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin that were totally inappropriate, except for the effect of the era of the 60s, to conquer the hearts of the old hippies. The worst offense is that, since the movie was inspired by a song by Springsteen, "The Highway Patrolman," that song was not included. <br /> <br /> Then, Joe's brain death goes into labor and Joe runs out to the bar to load up and spit at the populists the speech of the drunk victim of how difficult it is while Joey comes to drag him with his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo: Frank sneaks out for no particular reason and hits his friend Ceasar until good Joe dies, the cop leaves. <br /> <br /> So Joe has chased his bad brother and I had so many hopes that he would do the same. The right thing to do and blow that threat to society. Instead, we have a scene in which his brother stops in front of him in an old 50's junker on some lonely road at night, and little Franky in his cowboy outfit and his guns gets out of the car to face good Joe, the 8mm flashback kid. sequence of home movies Hey, what the heck! Then, to top off this drecky sap fest, there is a bit of Zen shit about the Indian runner, who is a messenger, becomes the message, to Marshall MacLuhen? Look what I mean, Sean has done much better than this, so do not be afraid to miss this.
