If my memory is correct, when this movie premiered, it seemed like a comedy, a funny look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's what it's supposed to be, it really does not work. It's just not so fun. Leaving aside the quite significant failure (since this is called comedy!), Since I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid comments on the authenticity of the story, which deals with the events behind the scenes in a massage parlor. Toronto, except to say that, if this is true, life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour, this movie really does not give us much of anything, except some knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the newly hired manager of the massage room whose basic job apparently is to make sure that the girls are not providing a "full service", a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own salon to run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant in Canada who works to help her family at home and Leah is ... well, Leah is a bit strange , indefinite character with a nipple fetish - true - who seems to be in the business because - well, because she is in it! I have no idea what his character was. These three can be quite reasonable composite characters that accurately represent the motivations of the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The film meanders and does not offer much until the "turn" reveals that Conrad is the bad boy. We should have reached that point before. The only really interesting thing here was that part of the story: Conrad's secret plan and the revenge planned against him by the girls. The revenge plan was pretty good, and you're grateful when it comes out because basically until that moment you're wondering why you wasted your time with this. If the story had been more focused on revenge, this could have been a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances of the 4 potential clients were fine, although I do not think anyone stands out. The four characters were a little superficial. Cindy was a nice character, and so was Conrad for a while, although he turns out to be the bad guy in the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what there is is restricted to one scene). In fact, there is even a certain air of innocence around much of this. As for the general quality of the film, it is a low budget effort, which shows, although I suppose there is a certain disappointment, I suppose, of a film set in the context of a body massage room, so it is forgivable. However, it certainly says something that this was published 8 years ago and remains the only credit in the writer and director Soo Lyu's resume and, given the lack of normal depth in the Canadian film industry, that it was not even considered worthy to be nominated for any Genie Award, the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm being a little generous with that.
