I received this foetid bomb from a movie recently on a cable channel, and I remembered how terrible I thought it was in 1980, when it was first launched. Many critics are not old enough to remember the enormous enthusiasm that surrounded this film and the fight between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. The hugely popular novel had legions of fans eager to see a supposed "master" director who put this supernatural story of multiple layers on the screen. "Salem's Lot" had already been ruined in the late 1970s as a television miniseries, directed by Tobe Hooper (himself of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre fame) and mismanaged, turning the book's main villain into a "Theater Chiller" vampire without any real threat thus destroying the whole premise. Fans expected a director of Kubrick's stature to succeed where Hooper had failed. It did not happen. <br /> <br /> Sure, this movie looks very good and has an excellent opening sequence, but after those few achievements, everything is downhill. Jack Nicholson can not be anything other than Jack Nicholson. He is always crazy and did not contribute anything to his role here. I do not care that many critics here think it's all there is in this clinker, the "Here's Johnny!" little despite that ... he's just horrible in this movie. That's the whole world, for that matter. The character of Scatman Crothers, Dick Halloran, was essential to the plot of the book, but Kubrick kills it in one of the most unusual sequences of "shock" ever filmed. I remember the audience in the theater that I saw this when I booed repeatedly during the last 45 minutes of this miserable movie, those who stayed, that is ... many left. King's books never really translate well into movies, since much of the narration takes place internally in his characters and often in a metaphysical way. Kubrick dismissed the tension between the living and the dead in favor of the style here and the resulting disorder ends so far from the original material that ultimately we do not care what happens to whom. <br /> <br /> This movie still sucks and why so many think it's a masterpiece of horror surpasses me.
