WARNING: This revision contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want to be revealed before you see the movie. <br /> <br /> With a cast like this, he wonders if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into. . Did you see the script and say: 'Hey, Close Encounters of the Third Kind was so successful that it can not fail'? Unfortunately, it does. Did they even think about verifying the director's credentials? I mean, would you do a movie with the director of a movie called "Satan's cheerleaders"? Greydon Clark, who will later direct the infamous "Final Justice," did this. It makes you wonder how the folks at Mystery Science Theater 3000 could criticize "Final Justice" and lose "The Return" completely. <br /> <br /> The movie takes place in a small town in New Mexico. A boy and a girl are on the street unsupervised one night when a powerful flashlight appears. A spaceship appears and hovers over them. Probably in the worst sequence of special effects of the movie, the ship throws some type of red ink on them. It seemed that Clark had grabbed a glass of water from the lens of the camera and had dipped his pen with leaks in it, so they immediately treat you with cheese. Anyway, the boat goes away and the adults do not believe the children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider an excellent actor (he watches his scenes in 'Ghost' to see the proofs, since they are outstanding), who plays a seeker or, as I called him, the 1949er Miner. He leaves the cave where he is, and he and his dog are signed by the ship. Twenty-five years pass, and the girl has become Cybill Shepherd, who works with her father, Raymond Burr, in the study of unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd discovers some strange phenomena in satellite images in that small town of New Mexico, and she travels there to investigate it. Once she arrives there, local ranchers harass her and blame her for the recent series of cattle mutilations that have been going on, and assistant Jan-Michael Vincent comes to rescue her. From this moment on, the film really goes on when the two fall quickly, especially after Vincent separates the locals and informs Shepherd that he was the boy who saw the ship with her twenty-five years earlier. While this boredom occurs, Vincent Schiavelli, with his murderous dog at his side, is walking around killing cattle and anyone he encounters with an unusual object. Do you know that the bright plastic stick stores are sold for those who do tricks or treats on Halloween, the kind you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what appears to be one of those luminous sticks to burn incisions in people. It is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli appears on the screen with the light bar, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly becomes dark, as if the filmmakers thought that the luminous bar needed that improvement. It ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what is all this about? It is difficult to say when the final and confusing scene arrives. Look, Burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as a kind of "business card," but none of that makes sense. Why do Shepherd and Vincent and Schiavelli age? Schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants Shepherd to die, but even that does not make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why does not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old to do it. And the aliens will not need it if Shepherd is dead, so why try to kill her? Speaking of the aliens, it's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What's your objective? Why do they wait so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that Shepherd would come back? It is not that the answer to any of these and other questions has made 'The Return' more pleasant. You still have bad lines, very bad acting, particularly by Shepherd, cheesy effects and bad direction. Luckily, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepherd soon starred in 'Moonlighting' with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent was featured in dozens of B-movies, often in higher parts. Raymond Burr made a lot of television movies for Perry Mason until his death. Vincent Schiavelli became a great character actor in a lot of movies. Martin Landau, who played a wacky law officer, quickly made the terrifying 'Alone in the Dark' and the terrible 'The Being' before shooting in the films for which he has been famous recently. You can bet that none of these stars wants their careers to return to 'The Return'. Zantara Score: 2 out of 10.
