I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his films of Giallo and splashes are among my favorites of all time, but this made for television movies is extremely bad and is not what I expected from the great Italian director. The film is not interesting, like some of Gile's more tame Fulci, or like most of his cult classics; therefore, it ceases to have shortcomings in the two main areas and, ultimately, ensures that the film is not very good. The film works from a plot that has been used many times before, but still is an idea that always has the opportunity to generate an interesting story just because it focuses on the subject of life after death, which is what what else is unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who is not very dear and after he dies of an apparent stomach haemorrhage, there are not many people who are sad to see him go. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and life after death, so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this effort is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video In what I saw this film proudly proclaims that the movie is "HP Lovecraft-like", and that is one of the most flagrant attempts to sell a movie I've seen. There is nothing to remind the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for that slogan seems to be the similarity to the title of Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft's film, 'From Beyond', which is much better. The film benefits from a clearly Italian style, and the score is quite good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci has considered it appropriate to positively roast all the scenes in it, so the subject quickly becomes annoying. The plot develops in a really boring way, and most of the scenes simply involve the ghost "desperately" trying to discover things, or the daughter putting her suspicions about the members of her family. This film was made for Italian television, so it is not surprising that everything is rather docile. There is a bit of blood and a sequence of nightmares with zombies; But this is not the Fulci we all know and love. In general, this film is extremely mediocre and is not a good representation of Fulci's talents. It's not worth bothering with him, unless you're a Compleci of Fulci.
