Now, I myself am a lover of the genre of film B, but this piece of garbage does not insult me. First, the film stars Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying little boy who goes looking for his lost 3-legged dog. Now, please, what kind of silly ass confuses a three-legged dog with a damn mutated crocodile, please, I ask? And here is another point to reflect, why do they show that the Dinocroc in the back of the movie box is huge and actually in the water? I think that if memory serves for something, I spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and barely measured 6 feet in height, that broke my heart. But the redeeming qualities of this movie were that it was so bad that I almost died of laughter because, believe me, the bad performance made me want to die. But the fact is that, once again, this is created by another military testing site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something from the source of all the evil things of the E.V.I.L. And let's not forget the characters. Let's see that we have a # 1 imbecile as the male protagonist and the half decent girl (who does not know how to act) as the female protagonist. WOW! The only thing worse was that the performance was the end, of course, the heroes spend about 2 hours talking and planning a long and elaborate way to kill the dinocroc only to fail and kill him in a normal way that could have taken about 15 minutes seconds to get to. In general, this film was beyond homosexual with its random opera music in the background and the fact that it was probably the liveliest of all CGI monsters ever created along with the fact that, of course, it was impervious to bullets and bombs (otherwise I would not). they have been made for military DUH!). By far, the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother runs into the hut and the dinocroc eats it, which makes his head jump cleanly with a noise that could add. I think it would be better if you shot yourself between the eyes to see Dinocroc. And as for the director, I think we should have a group of people hang it on a string and we all take turns kicking him in the crotch for losing an hour and a half of our lives until he finally dies and then can continue. alive.
