"Plan B" is a strictly numeric rate, except for one thing. Surprisingly, I found it quite insulting. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this movie and plays his usual, elegant, selfish and bratty character who was actually attractive in "Pretty In Pink" and has not been funny since then. The grid does not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond and wrestling actor who (panting!) Is only worried about his hair and his sex. Talk about a common character ... ugh. At least the other three characters are somewhat attractive. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play an attentive, optimistic and supportive couple who struggle to conceive. However, since they are not drama queens, their roles are considered boring and they are not given enough screen time. Sara Mornell rounds off the cast playing Gina, your nice young attractive girl who can not seem to find the right partner in love. I have seen this character a million times before, but at least his performance overcomes some of the deficiencies caused by the predictability of his situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me about this movie was its youthful promotion of stereotypes. They presented a Russian character with the sole purpose of making fun of him and making fun of the way he spoke. He was described as wild, ignorant and surprisingly superficial. They were getting warmed by the usual nonsense about homosexuals. Gina decides to be gay for a while since she has no luck with the boys. Honestly. That was not so bad, except that they really overreacted when Gina took a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends were organizing. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I'm sure all lesbians do). He also got quite upset (as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the nerve to put on lipstick (!). Finally, his appointment revolves around the party and hits almost all the women who are there, and Gala expresses his disappointment. Of course, we all know that homosexual people can not stay faithful for as long as a couple of hours, much less months or even years, right? (Note the sarcasm in that statement, thank you.) <br /> <br /> To begin with, this movie was based on a tired and predictable premise, but Cryer's unpleasant performance, combined with the idiotic stereotype, plunges this film in the lowest depths. of the cinema. 2/10
