Imagine that by adapting a James Bond novel to a movie, the filmmakers eliminated all action and suspense to make it child-friendly. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock that he could not curse so that his specials could be classified as PG. In the same way, the director of the film "Something Wicked This Way Comes" took emotion and gore in favor of melodrama for younger audiences. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In trying to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for children to follow, the filmmakers eliminated the good and evil that exists in everyone, and good always prevails over evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, Jim's rescue by Charles Halloway and the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been silenced in the movie. The scene in which the Powder Witch visits Will's house in a balloon has been cut out of the movie. Instead, a green mist follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and her spiders. The balloon attack shows us that Will has begun to overcome his fear of doing things on his own. He climbs to the roof of a neighbor and rips the globe with a bow, defeating the Witch. "I'm sorry, dad, he thought, and he sat smiling, this time it's me, alone," Will decides as he prepares to face her (147). Eliminating this scene from the film prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventurous. The film shows us many examples of how Will was afraid to follow Jim, but he never felt curious as his friend. In the book, Will has a good and calm side and an "evil" side, like his Jim. In the film, each child has only one way of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's theme that both good and evil are present in each person. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will saves Jim because of his friendship, but in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jim to pay Jim's father. Will takes Jim out of the carousel of Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. It's the good thing about Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, which saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the merry-go-round, Jim "gestured with the other hand to drag her by the wind, the only part of him, the small white part separated that still remembered their friendship" (269.) This shows that there was good left inside Jim , which has the potential to defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the film, he does it to pay the debt owed to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a child. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers have ruined Bradbury's original idea that you need to win against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark becomes a little boy and Charles Halloway smiles and he laughs at him so much that he can not stand it and evaporates. In the world of Bradbury, evil people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good will will always prevail over evil, but only if that goodness is expressed externally. "From good to evil seems evil," says Charles Halloway as he holds the dying Mr. Dark. "So I'll only do you good, Jed, I'll just hug you and see you poisoning you" (275). In the film, Mr. Dark is the only one left in the carousel when lightning strikes him, and he dies. By eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles, the filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to overcome evil, as if the rays only hit those who are evil. This removes the main theme of Bradbury's book, which is "doing good" towards other people and warding off evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always triumph over evil, but trying to make movies more child-friendly will always force filmmakers to put aside some of the themes of the books they are based on. In the film, "Something Wicked This Way Comes", Will does not transform, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not defeat the carnival. As a result, the filmmakers have omitted too many of Bradbury's main points. The process of adapting a book to a film too often ruins the world that the author has established. In the case of this story, the frightening world of the opposing forces of Bradbury's good and evil has been reduced to a more tame and simpler version of himself.
