Before starting, you should know that I am a big fan of many of Sonny Chiba's films. His biographical series of his master's life, Mas Oyama, were incredible and were among the best martial arts films ever made, as were most of his Street Fighter films. The action was virtually uninterrupted and, with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the best martial artist in the movie during the 1970s. Since they are so good, I have seen at least 15 of them. his movies and recently I bought some more (which I'm in the process of seeing). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I am NOT a numb zombie who loves man to such an extent that I qualify EVERY movie in 10. There are some criticisms like this one here in IMDb and I really think that Anyone who gives this film a 10 should ignore it because this is a bad movie from a technical point of view and is not even close to being Chiba's best work. A score of 10 is not a real rating, it's a zombie fan who tries to make a statement about Chiba, not about this movie! Like I said, technically this movie is horrible. Some of this was the result of having seen the American dubbed version, with its irrelevant prologue and its bad dubbing. But most of the problem would still exist with the original Japanese impression. The camera work is simply atrocious, as did the chimpanzees (intelligent chimpanzees, but they are still chimpanzees). Often, much of the rapid action of martial arts is lost because the camera is very slow or the heads of the actors are cut off due to the poor quality of production. And, again and again, the camera moves in and out as if it were a new toy used by an idiot, and the editing is more than regrettable, with cuts made at random and confusingly. <br /> <br /> I do not. I do not know if the musical score is original or not, but it was also very, very bad. Something like the acid rock of 1970, mixed poorly with the music of "Spaghetti Western" by Ennio Morricone, was annoying, distracting and simply silly. <br /> <br /> As for the action of the martial arts, I think having chimps yes The choreography would have improved things a bit. Instead of the big fight scenes that I would expect in a Chiba movie, the fights are too short and, often, the camera loses them! So, what you have left is the story ... and this MAY be the worst part of the movie! It's supposed to be an anti-drug movie starring Sonny Chiba as ... Sonny Chiba! And when the movie begins, he is committed to destroying drug trafficking in Japan. But, the mafia (complete with not one Italian-looking member, but all the Japanese) swears to stop Chiba. And, when a woman comes to Chiba with a promise to give her information about how to destroy the drug trade, he agrees to help her and risk her life without conditions, even though she is NEVER honest in telling him what she knows! In fact, later it turns out that she is just trying to use Chiba to protect her, while she herself sells a huge briefcase full of cocaine, and he CONTINUES to try to protect her !! This does not make any sense and in much of the film it seems as if they had filmed the film without a script, as when they went to the bars and brothels and Chiba walked as if he were drunk. <Br /> <br /> So, if it was so bad, why does it still deserve a 3? Well, first, there are many more horrible films of marital art (like many of those in Hong Kong in the 1970s), including one with guys dressed in gorilla suits doing kung fu and their handlers with 3-foot-long tongues They used to fight (that's bad). Secondly, while the action is very bad compared to other films by Sonny Chiba, compared to his contemporaries, it is not so bad. However, you could easily do much better than this horrible little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if this is Sonny Chiba's worst movie, it certainly is not! In one of his first films, INVASION OF THE NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays a leotard superhero who fights against pointy-headed invaders from the planet Neptune. It's so bad that it competes with PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE and THE SAVED HITLER BRAIN for something horrible. <br /> <br /> A final note for parents: like most Sonny Chiba movies, this one is very violent and has its share of boobies. DO NOT let young children see this, no matter how much they beg! Make them wait until they are older before you allow them to see martial arts movies rated as miserable.
