The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a Sonny Chiba fan, this film offers you a lot. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba poses; Chiba makes fun; Chiba looks at the camera; Chiba hits and kicks live sushi to a bunch of bad guys; Chiba sits on chairs and chairs and looks pensive / pensive; Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I enjoy Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but even for a Chiba fan, this movie may have too much of Sonny Chiba. Obviously it is something like a vanity vehicle for him. And no, I would not put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" he plays a relentless and loving antihero and shares the camera with an interesting cast of friends and enemies. Here, he is at the front and center most of the time, and he tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee in one. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat could not achieve this for the duration of a full movie, and Sonny has just worn away his welcome. At least he could have changed his outfit from time to time. <br /> <br /> The film is further ruined by an entirely gratuitous and ill-made introductory sequence (seemingly pasted on the front of the film for the American Version) and a silly joy "(" Viva !! Chiba! Viva !! Chiba !!) that starts things with the wrong foot. There is a surprisingly amateur and inadequate dubbing. Apparently, Sonny (or his usual substitute in English) did not mind making the voices for the American version, so they received a bit of dope with a completely different and soft voice and dialect that is quite discordant that comes from the face that we all know and love about "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all those faults and overexposure, this could be a minor classic, but the camera work and the fight scenes are laughable. I'm willing to believe that Karate really works if someone as amazing as Chiba's character is supposed to, but the director and the cameraman covered their bets by cutting and editing battle scenes with a weed hitter, so they do not really You can see what there is. Spending most of the time Not everything is bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there is at least one memorable and nightmarish moment in which the bad guys appear in the client's room in a genuinely creative way. <br /> <br /> And as for the current plot ... forget it. For a "bodyguard", Chiba's character is something of an idiot. The script depends on his mistakes and oversights that repeatedly place him (and his "client") in dangerous situations so that he can get rid of them, and after 30 minutes, makes even the most gullible judge think that this guy is supposed to be something good. (Also, if her character were really destined to destroy Japanese drug trafficking, she would have caught the client by the neck for 10 minutes in the script and would have shaken her until her teeth chattered until she told her little secrets ... and she would have avoided a lot of senseless deaths and conflicts.) <br /> <br /> Even so, taken together, this movie is far from the bottom of the canyon. It's still Sonny Chiba, and it's still fun to watch. I paid a dollar to get this out of the DVD shelf in a local mega market, and I feel it was worth seeing once.
