This is easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've seen, and that's saying something. The song of viva Chiba, viva Chiba is heard in the title, soon you will sing for yourself stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is sending drugs to Japan and a vocal man to stop them, of course, that is our man Sonny Chiba. The Karate teacher offers his service to anyone who can provide information about the drug lords. A woman comes forward and he becomes the bodyguard, but what are his true intentions? Let me say at this point who cares? Soon we are treated or tortured by a series of badly choreographed fights and a tedious story that becomes increasingly laughable at every moment. Sonny finally eliminates the bad guys with his karate skills, end of story. Oh yes, the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations, you may have seen the funniest movie in history. <br /> <br /> As already said, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. What makes it semi observable is to see how badly a film can be made. Some have already mentioned the infamous American introduction in the movie. That's probably the most entertaining part of the movie and it's more than funny. I agree that it's worth it to see it just to see how scant the 70's karate scene was at that time. Notice how Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanging from the nuts and then flips a fat student (bad edit) and hits him in the throat. But everything is wrong in this movie. Terrible incredible fights, fake I mean fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, costumes, and let's not forget the story. A man to take out a drug problem in a country? Handsome. Fight after fight is laughable. This was the 70's when people still believed that karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba takes it to new levels with some of the nonsense of this movie. Let's see if he kicks a gun in half, kicks a man so hard that it looks like his dentures fell off and, of course, cutting the scene off the bottle, give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to say what happens in the fights because it is filmed very badly. A part that was fun was when he broke the boys' arm through the door giving him a compound fracture. IN AGREEMENT. As the action progresses, we are treated with lots of blood, really false blood. It is also said that it looks bad and is insufficient. The acting is totally non-existent in this movie. Anyway, I do not expect much from a movie of this caliber as long as the action is good, but it was not, and as expected, the dubbing is extremely poor. Was it my imagination or did the Asian dancer go and go with a black accent? As expected in a wardrobe of the 70s, you will be about to laugh at some of the trends and unpleasant women presented by the free nudity that comes with these movies. Also, why would the mafia be so obvious and in all cases where black trench coats and hats were worn all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were also stupid. The owner of the pimps club, one of whom is dressed in a Japanese pimp costume and the other who has a taste for holes, looks like a fat hippie. Also one last thing that bothered me throughout the movie was the horrible music with a whaling woman. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a terrible movie, both by the standards of martial arts and by good filmmaking. That does not mean it is not entertaining. With a film so poorly made, it's hard not to laugh for most of this movie, if you can swallow it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it were purely bad, I would give it a star, but the laughter it produces makes it jump. 4 out of 10
