Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon show that consists of 2 15-minute episodes shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictitious and caricaturesque Washington DC, and focuses on the satirical and childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way, and act as secondary characters. <br /> <br /> The pilot of the small Bush, largely to the expectations of this commentator, proved to be a rather superficial and esoteric production, which barely complies. His outstanding promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. While it must be admitted that the premise of the program has SOME merits, although it would be difficult to imagine that a program based almost entirely on the denigration of a single political person would survive to continue producing episodes after the expiration of its term, the execution that only can describe as careless at best and downright horrible at worst, has affected the little potential that the program had. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire", tends to ignore her actual use of the particular tool of comedy to punish her targets in an exceptionally vulgar way (but not particularly original, entertaining or fun). The program's consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere and placing them on a single 30-minute television block. As such, most of the jokes presented by the writers were blatant clichés, some of which have been in public circulation for more than 6 years. The comparison of the Vice President with Darth Vader, for example, may have been funny in the first 300 times that was heard in the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno monologue / any nightly talk show - Never, but here it is not funny. As if that were not enough, the plots of the show seem to exist simply as a means to advance the same old and tedious jokes of Bush that the writers have made the center of the program. <br /> <br /> In defending the program, when writers dare to write a really original joke (which seems to be a rarity) it's often a funny thing. If the program expanded its depth a bit and put its characters in new situations, exotic situations, instead of the same old mistakes and "quagmires" perpetuated by the Bush administration, therefore it would not have to rely on the same old jokes of Bush. Once again, the program could be considered somewhat tolerable and possibly even innovative. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it is difficult to determine what deficiency causes more damage to the Lil Bush series; its clear lack of originality and its weak quality of writing, or its ambitions of painfully narrow mentality. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush can maintain a small base of leftist fanatics, that is, if they are able to support exceptionally poor writing; as long as the program continues to mock the Bush administration thoroughly. Even so, most viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and meaningless attempt at satire, and will disconnect in search of something more intellectually stimulating; The price is right, maybe.
