Carnosaurus 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's funny. How much it matters how much I try to convince myself, I just can not believe that someone in this world can find this entertaining for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. Those "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run at the speed of ... an actor in a rubber suit trying to run as much as he can. And the explosions are fun (there's no other word to describe it). At first, a bullet hits a Jeep AFTER a guy says "What was that?" ... And the other explosions are ridiculous too. But the worst thing is the script and the so-called story. Do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone who rents this film expects a good movie), but at least the story should try to make sense. I mean, how hard it is to make a story about dinosaurs that kill people at least coherently. Incredibly difficult if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to make credible commands like your characters, tell the writers of this horrible and terrible shit. I mean, what sick human being would make cheap jokes after one of his friends died? And they do it a lot. And if you think that a movie about dinosaurs that kill soldiers can only be full of action, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. Carnosaurs (who invented this name lame anyway?) Attack (in boring action sequences in which you do not see much happening). The soldiers think about how to defeat them (in incredibly funny scenes in which they strive to be serious, but they do not seem to convince even a second). Then, they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea does not work (another laughable sequence of action). Back to the planning (with some malicious jokes) in another ridiculous scene. And this goes on and on and on. And let's not forget the performance that is as compelling as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, it's okay, this movie just sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
