OK, I had more hope in this Carnosaur movie, simply because it seemed that the sequels were improving as they came out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I realized that this is newer, so it should be better, right? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was extremely confused with the casting. They brought Rick Dean for another prominent character and Michael MacDonald as a police officer. Now, for Rick dean lol, in Carnosaur 2 I thought he fit quite well in the role and was not really upset about him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow he was placed as an elite soldier. Now we are going crazy here. The movie actually started pretty well with a decent gun fight and the dinosaurs escaped from there small freezer trucks, but as soon as the Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very funny dinosaurs with lag and floppy performances . br /> <br /> I'll start with the raptors first, they had tails that dragged the ground, which in the second were in the air, which seemed more common for a dinosaur that can reach 50-60. mph Now, when they ran, they moved from one place to another and the heads did not move at all. there the hands were loose everywhere and as the director had them extremely badly put, they looked stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> The t-rex was extremely pathetic, it would be better if they used the t-rex. One of the 2 previous films. At least that seemed a bit frightening. The one in this movie looked like he was smiling all the time. The legs when I walked were fun, like I was John Wayne in the old west, with stiff legs and stuff. LOL Another thing I noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck to your body, so it looked and sounded (God, the sound effects were horrible) delayed !!! Now, if I were the director and I realized that I had this to work with, maybe I would have tried a little more to hide the fact of the falsehood. As for the rest of the movie, well, this was the most neglected and noisy military equipment I've ever seen. The weapons they used would not make sense for the stage. They even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were roaming, now it tickled me in this scene because I thought that while this stupidity was happening, the Dinos would enter there and cause some damage. Instead the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to see this movie as the 3 dinosaur movies. You have delayed the military, the delayed dinosaurs, the delayed stage and you have 83 wonderful minutes to spend the day watching this. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying I would not see it, because I actually do it. I recommend everyone watch this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem that I am ranting, but in reality I am promoting this movie to be what it is. It's really fun to watch him because as he looks at it, he thinks to himself: "Did the director really mean it?"
