I really do not see the real appreciation of this movie. It is not bad enough to be hilarious. There is no sleaze or gratuitous nudity (although there were many opportunities). There is no gore. There is no suspense in the first hour of the film because there are many scenes of tourists at a party and natives playing funky tribal music. The last part was really funny on many occasions: you see these natives beating congas and 'jembés' and that's what you hear (badly synchronized) in the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass line in the soundtrack. So, where was the bassist? At some point the natives get angry and start killing the tourists. Why all of a sudden? It is supposed to be because the evil white men build this tourist complex, which according to its myth aroused the wrath of the god of the river alligator (in fact, I missed the explanation for that). But the natives helped for several months to build the tourist complex, so why the sudden anger? And how the hell did they manage to push the helicopter into the water? Everything is silly and meaningless. This movie also features the thinnest African-American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> At some point, our leading heroic couple visits this cave where a strange and crazy old man lives. The only point of that scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or crocodile, what is the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and people eat. The same for me. The crocodile is a pretty silly creation. It is very rigid and immobile, and does not even stir when nothing. The eyes do not even move when they are shot in the foreground. I guess they did not know 'animatronics' back then in Italy during 1979. There are also many useless shots of the local fauna. I suspect it is archival material. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was pretty boring and the only reason I did not disconnect the movie was because my cat was asleep in my lap and I did not. I do not want to wake up sweet. But the last half hour of the movie got better. Finally, we can see some action when the crocodile traverses a horde of people in panic that snap their teeth and chew them. The most entertaining (and at the same time fun) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a truck over a bridge and it collapses. We're looking at a matchbox version of the truck that falls into the river here. Funny. But very good shot. In fact, there are several other good camera movements that travel. Surprisingly for this type of movie. I was going to point out some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to spoil it completely, in case you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to watch a movie of decent alligators, then go ALIGADOR of Lewis Teague. I admit that one is not Italian and it is not a JAWS scam, but it is certainly more fun. And if you are interested in other films made by the director Sergio Martino, I recommend the very entertaining 2019: AFTER THE FALL OF NEW YORK. That is a total scam of all possible post-apocalyptic films about the future of perdition. "Italians" and "scams", two words that go very well together.
