Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best underestimated American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his police role in the case of a child serial killer. Most of the films that Hopper has always played at the psychotic threat that threatens to blow things up or go on a spree, but in this movie, Hopper did everything he could to maintain that intensity and excitement while wearing a shield. Once I got into the plot of the movie, I was hooked, but it's just the little things that finally killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the film is great, not only the cops are on the move. to capture the killer, but we have the opportunity to see how the gangsters operate to catch the killer. The secondary plot of the football stadium is a bit ridiculous, but it is necessary to involve the mobsters in the killer's hunt. <br /> <br /> That's all you can say about the movie. Even though Hopper tried to act like an experienced and tough street cop, I can not help feeling that his performance was inferior to the normal one, and there was not enough conviction that he was really linked to the case. The direction was also terrible: I did not have the feeling of a real movie, but rather a production of films for television. This is most evident when gang members gather for the first time to form an elite team to hunt the killer. When the main gangster shoots the other bucose gangster in slow motion, the performance was weak, predictable and terribly uninteresting. That's when I knew that first, the action will be atrocious. <br /> <br /> The angle of the camera was amateur, and the scenes they remembered or the disturbing images of the little sister of the murderer had no real distinctive effect. . If it was supposed to be scary, it was not. Everyone's acting was terrible, and even for Hopper, I did not feel for his character, and I really did not care too much about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most is the swat team. Once I saw the swat team in action, I thought, finally, something good. But I was wrong. First, the entire swat team was made up of 4 players. That is simply impossible. Secondly, apparently, the SWAT team does not have any type of training because many times in the film they carry their HKA4 machine guns with one hand. If the killer had hidden near the stairs with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would have been destroyed because they were not even pointing at anything or paying much attention. They should have had both hands on the gun pointing forward, but it seems that they are not taking the job seriously and are just flaunting around. Third, SWAT team members do not shout commands such as "Keep your eyes open, take care, we are ready to leave, etc." Actually, they use hand signals or they have radios. But they're literally screaming, how are you supposed to catch the killer when he can hear you're coming? And to make matters worse, these guys have no plan: apparently, they are simply going up and down in a chase of wild turkeys. Eventually they end up doing nothing. That was the last straw. I'm not an expert in special forces, but basically what I just described is common sense. When the public knows that the film is terrible, the action practically becomes the lifeline of the film; When you can not even make an effort to make the action excellent, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give it 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to watch a crime thriller, do not bother with this one. There is a lot of crime in the movie, but it lacks emotion.
