The antitrust law falls directly into that category of films that aspire to make a big point at the same time that it elevates the mood but falls completely flat. I do not hate the movie, but it lacks key elements, like suspense. There have been other attempts to make an attractive film about computers, such as Hackers and The Net. They all fall short. The improbable ending of The Net and Antirust seems to be almost identical. These film endings suffer from a great error in perception: people in the PC business have a too indulgent ego ego that assumes that the general population lives their life waiting to hear the latest news about PC and software. I have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own importance, just like this movie. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced the plot lines was pathetic. Showing Milo, who is a deadly allergic to sesame seeds, almost ingests one from a bread basket of a restaurant that crosses the line of stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from certain death. This makes one wonder how Milo could have survived as long as he did, challenging the dangers of the Big Mac breads and the sesame sticks, since they are concealed as, well ... bread sticks of Sesame Seeds and breads Big Mac. <br /> <br /> The antitrust does not provide much suspense either. The predictable and patterned plot twists are easy to understand long before they are revealed (come on, was someone REALLY surprised when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying any real impact value. And here again we have another movie / story where in the end, the bad guys are chasing the good ones to "get the record". We need to have a moratorium on this Simple Simon plot for about 20 years. Still, I went ahead. Maybe the end is the reward, but no. The completely ridiculous ending in which we have the company's security chief, another so-called evil guy, turns around and becomes the good guy that allows Milo to shoot down N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston, it was ridiculous. And, of course, the news coverage of Gary Winston's arrest is more feverish than when Hinckley or Oswald were arrested. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character that Robbins played on Arlington Road. But that fits perfectly here in Antitrust, which should be called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original'. <br /> <br /> In the coming years, it is likely that this film will be banished and shown only in your locality. UHF channel of third order.
