When I sat down to watch this movie, I really expected a lot, since the plot takes quite complex themes. Using football as a launching pad for the complication was also an interesting approach. Even so, unfortunately, despite his courage to deal with controversial issues, since culture clashes between Muslim and Western culture, adding generation conflicts and prejudices towards gays / lesbians, allows him to move towards resolution with a relief quite simplistic to all the accumulated suspense throughout the world. movie. This leads me to the impression that the manufacturers assumed a task too big for themselves, trying to be deeper than they managed to face. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is directly bad, since it is a representation of conflicts where it is quite credible and also fun. The film manages to get involved and entertain in this matter, but as mentioned above, the writers seem to have spun a little too deeply. This has led to a rather unrealistic behavior towards the end to face the growing conflicts. Dropping the ball at a time when the creators could really have shown brilliance by taking the film to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Even if the movie never really tries to be a deep dramatic piece, the configuration has so much potential in the plot that it becomes a disappointment when "the ball falls". In this way, the film goes from being a good comedy and reflected to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left out in the Hollywood finale. So even if the story is interesting and one can withstand the large amount of montages, you can not help but roll your eyes towards resolution. Personally I was about to shout "I'm done!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was a decent performance in the film, and the two young female protagonists had some good moments. The same did his parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting, which leaves the film quite in terms of realism. He did not even seem very nice, but rather involved despite his good deeds, which makes the impending conflict between the girls seem a little tense. <br /> <br /> I give the film a 4, since it was an attractive story and they looked for a good perspective to approach the subject from. The script and the cast had many credible characters, who gave the audience the opportunity to recognize themselves or others. If the disappointments had not been so disappointing, I would easily give a 7 or 8 to the movie. If you enjoyed this movie, I would recommend the film "East is East", which I think is so good, if not better representation of the cultural conflict, besides being fun and attractive.
