I saw the trailer of this movie a few months before its release, and MAN, I was scared, especially because this movie was based on a real-life phenomenon. I was incredibly interested, and I thought that this could finally be a decent horror / suspense movie after years if it was bullshit. Well, you know how movie trailers make a movie look better than it is: maybe showing all the creepy parts or overdrawn certain elements. The ads in the film did both, which led to my final disappointment. <br /> <br /> In no way is this "the most disturbing movie in years". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that week's premiere. This movie takes the whole "fact-based" issue too far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not complete shit. I must admit that he held my interest and Micheal Keaton was credible as a man seeking answers by supernatural means. However, apart from that, this movie is a big cliché. After John's wife dies, he learns about the EVP, which transmits the voices of the dead to everyday electronic devices. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! OMG! It is not only that his wife has reached him, but also other dead people. Wow, imagine that. A movie about helping the dead. Come on, give me a break! The clichés do not stop there. There is also the obligatory trick of stopping the clock at the exact same time each night and three evil spirits threatening our hero. Not only was the cliché of the film, but it was SCARY. The movie had literally two jump scenes, and those two scenes are almost identical. The ending is horrible, as it leaves the WIDE OPEN door for a sequel. There is also a final message with a message that says that only 1 of the X voices heard through the EVP are threatening, with a good happy melody. Way to break the mood, guys. OMG! In the end, if you want another forgettable horror movie, go to White Noise. The only reasons I might think someone would watch this movie is that the person is a Keaton fan or is interested in the EVP. Sure, the aspects of the EVP can be a little interesting, but I do not like that the concepts of my films are loaded from my throat and explode in my face. This movie tries to be frightening, original and disturbing, but it is the opposite. You know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about the movie. "I'm going to watch this movie no more."
