The life of John Rivers as an architect and a family man took a turn for the worse when his wife disappeared and ended up dead after a strange accident that involved changing a tire on his car. During the days that she has been missing, he confronts a man who has been following him and tells him that he has been in contact with his dead wife from the other side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Naturally, he does not believe it, but then he receives strange calls from his phone and communicates with the man to find out more about E.V.P. Very soon, John is hooked on him, but something supernatural does not like to interfere with the dead, as now, in addition to contacting his wife, the white noise predicts events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD has been sitting on my shelf for a while, I thought it would be better if I saw it, since it was not my copy. But, once again, I do not think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, since they have not asked me about it. Oh good. So I decided to give him a play, since he was in an undemanding mood. After listening to and reading the bad press, I did not expect anything remotely good, but they kept me entertained for 90 minutes. Well, even more the 60 minutes, since the last half hour was almost a blur of confusion. The movie is nowhere as good as it could have been, but the time has been very fast even though it is a rather warm supernatural thriller. I thought it was not all a waste. The first hour I found some very interesting effective sequences and there is a creepy fear generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately that suddenly stops later in the movie. That's when the forced jump fears foreseeably come into your account and somehow it just does not fit the context. It becomes more hectic, noisy and very confusing with its MTV-style editing and kinetic camera work that comes close to the action. He could not understand what was happening within the abrupt and abrupt climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the big picture is pure joke. It is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it goes for something big, but it gets to the bottom. I thought they did a good job until then with lighting and flashy camera work. Apart from the distinctively rigid lighting, the score kept this film atmospherically grim. Everything is very well done with its shiny and sophisticated hardware, which makes it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and the story. There simply is no connection and lasting feeling within this flimsy material. After a while, simply try too hard to convince yourself that it falls into manipulative emotions and appears in many things that congeal the blood from beyond the grave. It became quite repetitive to see someone watching a blurry television screen after a while. The E.V.P machine was the star in the program. Well, it had more impact than the actions of lameness. Michael Keaton is a more than capable actor, but lately he disappeared from the map and here offers a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed John Rivers. Although it really deserves much better. All others are quite fragile and forgettable. Not because of the performances, but because of the lack of depth in their characters. For starters, this pileup was not bad, but it has a pear shape when it falls drastically. <br /> <br /> I would not like to see him again and I would not recommend it to anyone, unless you have an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent Hollywood crop produced by horror thrillers. It is simply a shame that this superproduced film could not be put together successfully, as it had a promising idea and a more than decent cast. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
