Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters little developed and the premise annoyingly stupid. It all starts when Michael Keaton, fresh from doing nothing remarkable since Batman, loses his beautiful wife, Anna, in a car accident, possibly because she drove one of those convertible VW bugs, even though it's supposed to be rich. In his pain, Batman moves into a new apartment and devotes himself to a hobby: recording nothing and then seeing it. He learned this from a really fat and pathetic man who was killed by three tall, somber guys who lived on his TV. Very soon, he begins to see dead people, thanks to the EVP, or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which evidently is an agreement in which dead people can send messages to live people through video recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones. she is ... DEAD ... Must be a ghost. Mhmmm There is no other possible explanation. I'd better start playing with this indiscriminately. ") etc. Why can not they simply write something on a piece of paper or knock down some things to form creative pictograms? Never, anyway, Batman discovers that he is actually looking at the future and decides to help this woman who He does not know, he leaves his house just in time, because the tall, dark men enter right after he leaves ("Damn! He can travel between the living and the dead using electronic devices, but I will register if we can. arrive on time! Am I right, guys? (They disagree). "Trace this lady to a warehouse and discover that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look good, or you will miss him!) He is actually a serial killer who works for three dark demons, who in Raiders of the Lost Ark style rushes at him and kills him, looking like the cartoons they are in. At that moment some detectives appear and save the lady. s the funeral of Batman, decides to send a message from beyond the grave, apologizing to his son for being an idiot, and evidently feels that the best way to protect your child from the horrors of the PVE is to expose it. The little boy just smiles. There's nothing that affects that guy, not even when his father, Batman, of course, starts talking to the television. The high point of the movie was when someone's phone rang and a guy yelled, "It's Anna!"
