Choosing others: David Jannsen was 38 years old playing the father of Robert Drivas, who was then 31 years old (yes, I realize that he is supposed to have just left university, but the clues in the script make it a lazy, so he probably is 24 years old). -25 in the script --- which still puts Jannsen in foster care in high school. I guess the AMA wrote medical miracles in its Medicine Year of 1938. This movie has not aged very well and now its main attraction is to see a snapshot of Sin City, around 1969 and all the incessant smoking, strange hair (Drivas has an atomic comb that makes it look like a well -prepared Cousin It fashion) and the modern fashions that accompanied it. If someone remembers, LV was not exactly London ... the city pampered the mafia players and the programmers in those days. Drivas becomes sexually ambiguous; his father thinks he could be gay (in a sad irony, Drivas himself died of AIDS at age 47) and the soapy conflict comes from the problem of the generation gap (ahem, as if one could call a 7-year gap). Sonny's son wants to be his own man and dad wants to take him to the casino (Caesar's Palace!), And sends him with girls (including the horny Edy Williams). Interestingly, the son does not seem to care that he is considered gay, something unusual for the time, and a pretty Brenda Vaccarro is close to fade platonamente on him. The nudity there is terribly scant: just what was needed to attract the audience to get an 'R' rating in the early days of the MPAA classification system (which was then GMR [16] - and X) . The edition is HORRIBLE and there are stupid idiots from The Committee (a neo-avante-garde comedy group from the late 60s that fortunately vanished from the map in a couple of years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack merchant ... apparently he's getting ready for a role as floor manager at the much better CASINO two decades later. Not to give anything away, but they would have dealt with the character of Mr. Rickles with power tools and a hole in the desert back then. A curiosity, at best, far from the usual work of Joshua Logan. Two days. Now go see the CASINO again ...
