New York, I love you, or rather it should be the title of Manhattan, I love looking at your people in Sometimes love is a precise example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. For example, look at two of the segments in the movie, one in which Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on a street and starts chatting with a nasty sexy conversation, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to mark a movie with a lawsuit incredulous of its director to read two Dostoevsky books. While the latter is not a great story in any sense, it is at least something that has a beginning, middle and end, as the composer attempts to score, causes Dostoyevky to unload on his lap, and ultimately receives help (and perhaps something more) of a girl with whom he has been speaking as a link between him and the director. The scene of Ethan Hawke, however, is like nothing, and it feels as if it were a coincidence added or directed by a filmmaker who calls (or, actually, Hawke with a combo of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites). <Br /> <br /> The annoying thing about the film in general is to see that the few stories that work really go against the one or two possible 'stories' and then the rest of the situations that develop and that are made to connect or overlap each other (that is, bits that involve Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It is not even so much that the film is almost always filmed in * Manhattan * and not in New York from Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx (not even, say, Harlem or Washington Heights); Lacks diversity, since there is something. It is the lack of imagination that one found in swords, for better or for worse, in Paris J'taime. Basically, it has little to do with New York, except past references, and at its worst (the segment of Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf) is incomprehensible at a level that is appalling. <br /> <br /> Then, basically, wait for television, and do everything possible to get in and out of the movie, that is, for three scenes: the Bloom / Christina Ricci segment mentioned above, which is charming; the segment directed by Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenager who takes a girl in a wheelchair to the prom just to find a big turn; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a lovely older couple walking in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be lost, including the directorial debut of Natalie Portman, and the return of a brother Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag is putting it lightly: it's like having to look in a bag of mixed nuts filled with peanuts to find the few remaining almonds.
