I've always been a little disappointed by Joe Dante's original, THE HOWLING (1981). so I was not particularly interested in seeing any of its aftermath; Some time ago, I caught HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? For the same director as this one? and I found it to be seen, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> However, the second installment has a bad reputation and I knew I would have a good time seeing it. especially to wallow in the sight of the beloved but pompous horror icon Christopher Lee writhing in the middle of all this (the funny old star has pathetically stated several times in interviews that he has not appeared in a horror-oriented tariff since his last picture of Hammer Films in 1976! Anyway, this movie should have taken the subtitle "Your movie is a Turd"? Be incredibly inept in all departments (starting with the important werewolf makeup)! <br /> < The plot (and the dialogue) is not only terrible, but does it have the cleanest connection to Dante's movie? Oddly enough, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner co-wrote this himself. one of the undeniable highlights (er ... low points) of the film is the elliptical edition without meaning, which tries to give a whole aspect of style, but only serves to accentuate its shame factor! Rely fake (and trellis) are the hokey transitions between the scenes, the theme song of punk rock, and the special effects of the cheapjack in the climax. <br /> <br /> What about the characters, then?: Lee is the werewolf expert, naturally, who do you all think is a jerk? Until they come in contact with the monsters, that is; At least, however, one has to admire the ingenuity (or the impudence) of the creators in devising a stupid subtitle with a double meaning! Incidentally, Sybil Danning (as Stirba, Werewolf Bitch, the subtitle by which this is known in the UK!) Is quite attractive in a variety of S & M outfits ... but her character is practically given nothing what to do (except preside over his progeny of followers and participate in the hilarious three-way hilarious lycanthrope sex!); her two lieutenants who snarl (one of them, a lazy black girl) are especially irritating. <br /> <br /> Helping Lee on the side of good are the two yuppie heroes (he's the character's brother Dee Wallace from the beginning and she's a colleague of his) and an irregular gang of Transylvanian guerrillas (even so) , generally, manage to win without effort to the pretty foolish werewolves of Danning). Notable among them is a dwarf who throws knives and has a particularly unpleasant death (but, at the same time, of lateral splitting); later it is revived, under Stirba's control, to lure Lee (making childish jokes along the village streets) into a trap. Does the last scene have to be a career nadir for the distinguished and imposing actor? Well, either this or the initial sequence in a nightclub in which Lee is made to put on a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses to make them appear discreet among the young people at the party. <br /> <br /> In the end, if I was forced to mention elements in this that were not completely unpleasant, I suppose I could say that the set of bears (in which the heroin is going to be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the hybrid werewolf / bat creature (Danning's pet who likes to 'inhabit' the body of its victims) is too strange to be despised ...
