Ugly shot, bad script and little amateur sequel to Joe Dante's classic from 1981. "The Howling" is one of two or three ONLY good werewolf movies that have been made and, however, was "rewarded" by a series of unpleasant and unbearable sequels like this. If it's any consolation, "Stirba" is a sequel by name only and there's absolutely no connection to the characters or events that were featured in Dante's movie. The plot here revolves around a bloodthirsty cult of Transylvanian werewolves. mainly women? Directed by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning, who transforms from an old woman with curves into a super blonde babe (with an impressive breast) in the blink of an eye and turns all furry when she is sexually aroused. His archenemy is played by a seemingly fatigued Christopher Lee. Your character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is a hidden investigator who travels to the kingdom of Stirba, accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend in the cult of the werewolf. In case you're looking exclusively for dirty gore and gratuitous nudity ... this is your movie. Even the smallest murder is shown in great detail and even the exploding eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf drilling into a pointed fence are treated. However, if you want a bit of substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. The dialogues are shameful and there is absolutely no tension to detect them anywhere. The writers seem to constantly confuse the werewolves with the vampires (the transsilvano scenario, the garlic, the wooden stakes ...) and the beautiful balcony of Danning is blatantly exploited as the only trick in the film. During the final credits, a photo in which the upper part is torn off, is repeatedly reissued (according to my colleague, Dr. Gore, no less than seventeen times!), Which is quite pathetic and useless. The music is fine and some of the scenery is quite beautiful. I'm talking about the fierce looking statues during the opening credits and the dark dungeons of Stirba Castle. The address of Philippe Mora is a giant mess and ?? as far as I'm concerned? His only worthwhile film is still "The Beast Within", released three years before.
