The Howl II begins as it means to continue with a strange and surreal opening narration by Christopher Lee, whose image imposes itself on a field of stars in movement, and for some reason a skeleton appears. He says: "because it is written that the inhabitants of the Earth got drunk with their blood." And I saw her take a sip of a hairy beast and she presented a golden challenge full of the most vicious fornication and on her forehead was written, here the great Mother of # an inaudible word that I could not decipher, no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried, I'm sorry # and all the abominations of the Earth. " This opening narrative means nothing at all and is downright extravagant. After the opening credits that are established on the shots of the architecture of Transylvania, we get a legend on screen that informs us that we are in 'Los Angeles, California, USA. UU City of the Angels'. I knew I was in a long 86 minutes. It probably will not be long after the events of the original Howl (1981) and is the funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony, a "hidden investigator" named Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee) talks to Karen's brother, Ben Brown (Reb Brown), who says Karen is a werewolf and will come back to life. Ben dismisses this nonsense. But along with one of Karen's friends and partners, Jenny (Annie McEnroe), visits Stefan at her house. There Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can kill them, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), who is the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photograph taken at Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and who is an extremely cruel and dangerous werewolf who loves Karen. Stefan says he will attack all the Werewoves through the heart with titanium. Ben realizes that Stefan means he will also bet Karen, so together with Jenny he travels to the cemetery where his sister's crypt must stop Stefan. However, many werewolves appear and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and manage to discover that Stirba is in Transylvania. Everyone decides to travel to Transylvania and prevent Stirba and his werewolves from seizing the Earth by fulfilling a centuries-old curse. Once there, they travel to a small village called Vlkava which means 'where the wolves live' and they meet the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters. What else can I call them? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana, who they hope will take them to Stirba. But Stirba knows about Stefan's arrival and has plans for him, Ben and Jenny. Can Stefan put an end to Stirba's plans to dominate the world? Will this movie become more strange or surreal? Look at it and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora this is a strange mess of a movie. It is poorly edited since certain sequences only jump incoherently. The biggest problem is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner, based on his novel that is everywhere and that does not make any sense or presents us the characters we like. Luckily, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or strange always happens to keep the viewer entertained. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who enjoy "bad" movies, this is up to the best of them. There are orgies of werewolves that are rare to see. We got some weapons killing the werewolf. The sets and the locations seem to be so out of place and I do not know if this was actually filmed in Transylvania, but it does not look like what I thought Transylvania in the mid-80s would do. The castle of Stirba is part dungeon, part gothic castle and part modern luxury house. The suits of Stirba and their servants are very exaggerated, Stirba wears an outfit that seems to belong to an S / M video and, to be fair to her, she looks very sexy, and her minions also wear leather clothes. Special makeup effects vary from good to bad, a dwarf's eyes explode, someone rips their hand and a priest pulls a creature out of its mouth, but this is not a blood-laden movie, although there are many effects. of werewolf and attacks. There's a lot of nudity just like Stirba and his henchmen are a real group of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by the horrible rock music that I hated and I ended up lowering the volume. The acting is weak in all aspects and what was Christopher Lee thinking when he accepted this movie? I wonder what he thinks of that. Basically, everything is a real mess, but I thought it was a pretty entertaining mess. Impossible to recommend but he kept watching me until the end. Speaking of which final credits run over what appear to be deleted scenes and recordings, it also shows the same photo of Sybil Danning taking off her dress and exposing her breasts probably more than 20 times! If that is your thing.
