I'll have to add a dissenting comment here. Several reviews that I have read compare this film with those of Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. that is, one of the admirable flotillas of tangerine sweets that have been presented in recent years. Unfortunately this is not entirely accurate. The film is presented as the attempt of a film school graduate to emulate these masters. All the pieces are there: the beautiful backdrop, the vaguely minimalist dialogue, the slow movement of the camera and the masculine protagonists, in particular, who spend a lot of time sitting contemplating others. It sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is up to the task. Dialogue is lead. Acting generally can not raise characters above the type; The married couple and the little sister are particularly poor and uncommitted. Unfortunately, when the acting of a mediocre character is combined with a classic "Chekovian" plot (that is, very predictable), the results are, at best, tedious and, at worst, painful. I could not help but see the scene of the river "Blue Danube", for example, on the verge of a genre parody (although the smog-like "spring" sky over the river provided a bit of black humor ...) Actually I went to this movie on the basis that Mark Li Ping was photographing it. While the stage is elegant and the camera that balances tries to replicate the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai", the film is not in the same category, visually. In fact, I must confess that after an hour of wondering if it was the script or the acting that ruined the movie, I suddenly remembered that I was destined to meet my roommate for dinner and took the opportunity to leave (and I can not I remember the last movie I came out of. I guess from the reviews, the ending may have left a positive aftertaste, but at that moment I did not care.If you want to see something similar with real talents, I recommend something to the two directors above mentioned, for example, "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both filmed by the talented Mr. Ping (the first with Chris Doyle), and both are films masterly enough to inspire years of emulations Failed like this, it is not often that Mr. Hoberman misleads me, and maybe you prefer to listen to him, but do not say that they did not warn you, Craig. <br /> <br />
