This is the first of the BBC series "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" that I have seen, and if they are all like that, I may not see more. Practically the complete text of the work is all that this "Romeo and Juliet" has in its favor, lacking in all the other departments. Alvin Rakoff is revealed as a frightening director, both technically and artistically. In the first, because he makes mistakes that even a first-grade film student would wisely avoid. Take into consideration, for example, the first poorly edited shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the entrance of the nurse from Friar Lawrence's cell, asking where Romeo is with him so close to her that he would clearly see him even. if she were blind And, in the latter, because each of the interpreters is misdirected, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire has exactly the look I've always imagined for Juliet, and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is totally devoid of passion of any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, since not only is he as bored as Juliet, but he is too old and not even attractive, and he presents himself as a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. Putting them together makes it impossible to think that they feel something for each other, much less be the main players of the best love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his screen debut, plays Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, which is a big mistake that eliminates the complexity that Shakespeare intended, since no character is a hero or a villain, but all humans with faults . This Tybalt is so evil that we do not believe the pity of the characters after his death. As for Paris, I kept thinking about "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to do justice to the character of the nurse. <br /> <br /> In 168 minutes, this production can not make us feel empathy with the characters, because the characters do not identify with each other and have never seen their own roles. The best screen version is still that of Franco Zeffirelli. But, to be fair, this one on the BBC is not as bad as the abominations like George Cukor's extravagant geriatric version, or the crime against humanity that is the feature film of Baz Luhrmann's MTV video. 4/10.
