In general terms, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", meet with many of the great artisans and women behind their previous collaborations. The protagonist of Gene is Cyd Charisse, one of the best ballerinas of the cinema of 40/50, and, unlike the "Always Fair Climate", in its superiority, this film gave them the opportunity not only of one but of two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the emerging team behind future successes such as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli had already demonstrated their optimistic collaboration in the excellent "American in Paris". <br /> <br /> What happened on the road? Why is the movie itself a stupid hole? Minnelli himself did not want to make the film, despite his warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it was because the innate conservatism of the film was just a little too much of two steps forward for MGM and a step back for Vincente Minnelli. But once caught in this assignment, as the inhabitants of Brigadoon are trapped within the city limits, Minnelli endeavored to turn it into something that entertained in a specifically distracting, if not liberating, manner. The final result is truly horrifying to watch. <br /> <br /> While looking for the naive charm of Minnelli's previous successes such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis," the checkered tights worn by the locals. Brigadoon can not evoke the illusory nostalgia of those places never before known. His fantasy does not even match the bright glow of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate" because the configuration of the highlands seems at the same time too specific for a fantasy so exotic and too generic to real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon that I can at least relate to are the disgruntled man who tries to escape and the unfortunate traveling companion played by Van Johnson who accidentally shoots him. The general procedures in the same municipality of Brigadoon are too arcane and provincial, even to be attributed to a form of Christianity in reverse: they seem positively pagan in their appearance. For example, in exchange for Brigadoon's immortality, the honorable and generally "good" shepherd of the city has sacrificed his own place in the supposedly blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At a given moment, we are sure that "everyone is looking for their own Brigadoon". Suffice it to say that the box office of this photo confirms my own suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of almost dizzying paradise. The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insultingly condescending, but it could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly himself is the most condescending of the film, and Charisse is terribly evil as a virginal optimist, in the same way that Lucille Bremer was evil in "Yolanda and the Thief." Van Johnson makes his best version of Oscar Levant's classic companion to Kelly (even lighting 3 cigarettes at a time like Levant in "AIP"), and provides many fun moments. But it says something in itself if the best part of a big-budget extravaganza with all the best MGM talent is a Van Johnson performance discarded.
