It is not often that I feel compelled to criticize a film negatively; after all, I often feel the maxim: "if you do not have anything good to say, do not say it at all", it would be a wise advice for the many of those who do not listen to those we listen to every day and who we do not like the things that we like. If for you it is all the same, the reader, although I feel obligated to point out that with the sole exception of Christopher Walken in a recurring role as Gabriel, this film is pathetically HORRID. I tell you this to warn you in advance that, even if you are a fan of Walken's delivery and style or if you liked the original "Prophecy", you will be deeply disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A full list would take too much time to read and would bore him to tears, but a brief summary would be this: the clear, once quite crystal clear picture of the relationship between the angels and the mortals of the first movie breaks into pieces. Gabriel turned from the rather morbid right hand of God he once was (and in this role is very funny in the first) to little more than a bully to heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing heavyweight (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York"), he's still nice, but the supporting cast is a mess of mortals and unrelieved and unconvincing angels. they could not buy a clue for 50 cents. If you can discover the plot, you're a smarter man than me. One has the feeling that we wander aimlessly from one scene to another to move the film to the next great Walken line. At the end of the movie, you will actually be looking forward to the horn blowing and causing the walls of Jericho to fall on the people who made this abnormal disaster. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell, it's an insult Our intelligence that they made a sequel to this movie in the first place. The original told the correct story, answered the questions that should have been and left in peace what you should reflect later. There are no compelling reasons to follow these characters who were in the first: the priest who lost his faith, the girl who kept the "great secret", the teacher who protected his children, even Lucifer himself was more interesting in itself same in the first movie that all the other characters of the sequel together. I am sorry for anyone who sees this movie and not for the first, because they will probably never want to see the original and that is a real tragedy.
