Everyone knows that Gregory Widen's original The Prophecy did not require a sequel, but neither does he need a rocket science degree that hangs over his chimney to realize that it was inevitable that new retreats would occur with this concept of profitable terror. . The second part is a very prototypical example of a direct sequel to the video, which means that the creative and convoluted plot of the original has been greatly simplified in favor of more action, more witty phrases and much more strange religious landscapes. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Walken for the role of Gabriel, and offers another gloriously blatant performance that quickly justifies the price of a rental. If it were not for the performance of Walken (and perhaps a couple of players in the cast as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would surely have disappeared into oblivion immediately after its release. The film begins with Gabriel literally being spat out of hell to continue his ongoing War of Heaven here on earth. The purpose of his battle this time is to prevent the birth of nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). To see, your unborn child is the first hybrid between a celestial angel and an earthly "monkey," and the birth of such a superior being would imply the fall of Gabriel's evil dominion. Therefore, as in the first film, hire a suicidal accomplice to help him and hunt Valerie to Eden for the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a bearable film, and sometimes even entertaining, as long as you do not make comparisons with the original and as long as you can ignore the multiple holes in the plot and the continuity errors. Every time the story becomes too tedious, the creators, luckily, always insert an almost brilliant moment of Christopher Walken to distract you. Their interactions with the rebel Izzy and, in particular, their ignorance regarding modern terrestrial technologies often result in valuable and memorable sequences. On a slightly off topic note, I often felt that the ambitions of "The Prophecy II" are similar to "Terminator II". Gabriel's resurrection somewhat resembled the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the location of Eden, where the final battle takes place, looks a lot like the steel factory where he also finished "Terminator II". Coincidence, I suppose? Overall, this is an inferior and acceptable sequel, but it's still worth checking out in case you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique performance charisma (and who does not?).
