This is one of those horror movies where twenty-odd people entertain themselves with dark arts around a campfire, getting into a lot of trouble doing it. A portal was opened that contained a world of demons known as the Kelippoth of Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something that is carried in him. Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to fight the demonic monsters. This is a part of the plot that lends itself to scrutiny. Anyway, three aspiring witches, who went together to high school, Renea, the most enthusiastic and serious practitioner in the dark arts, and her lesbian companions, Jasmine and Marlene (... it's pretty much a fad with them , however ...) join your friends, Jason and Ricky, on a trip through the desert where Summer disappeared from her home ten years ago. By opening the portal through a spoken text written in an old book, a demon is released, like Summer, now a baby warrior whose training has led to a very fit athletic body and skills that have been needed to keep the monsters in the other world. <br /> <br /> The low budget contains a crazy but ambitious story that restricts it in a limited environment. These young adults spend a lot of time running through the woods hoping not to be fodder for a beast. As may be the case in these films, the devil stands by as the story unfolds as Summer tries to remember how it all happened, while befriending Jason who wants to help her restore lost time. The action is carried out mainly in the dark, making any violence difficult to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast, actually), is a very nice sweet candy, dressed as a Conan woman, a beautiful body that we have to admire from the moment it appears until the closing of the film. Some lesbianism (some kissing and cuddling) and nudity spice things up nicely, and the cast seems to be having fun with the ridiculous plot ... it's so absurd that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material. <br /> <Br /> It might be interesting to co-star in World Wrestling Entertainment's "Brave Captain" Christian (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the group, faking his alter ego, like a chicken, trembling at the sound of a tree twig breaking. Landy Cannon is nice as the unlikely hero, Jason, a young love and naive whose ex-fiancé, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bisexual and is in love with Marlene (.. Jasmine's cruelty is in playing with Jason's feelings at hide the affair with Marlene for his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea try to keep him away from this idea that he can rekindle a dead flame that went out, so as not to turn it on again. The demon Kelippoth is mostly enlightened, I suppose I should refrain from showing how ridiculous / ridiculous it looks if it is presented in its entirety. The lesbian antics of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are for the most part tame, their crushes, once alone in the forest against a tree, are dimmed and also illuminated with the darkness of the night. My rating is a little favorable towards him, almost only for Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, instead of the plot or the shooting. The film aims to please and is marketed to children (and girls who love hot women). Although I think that, for the most part, humor falls a little flat.
