That is certainly a strange way of promoting a movie on which it rests a lot. And it seems a simple suicide on the part of the studio, given that (1) The fights between the cast were well known long before the release of the film. (2) The dispute between the Producer (Robert Fryer) and the Director (Michael Sarne) was also general knowledge. (3) The cast did not hide its contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, with daily bulletins from the group informed happily by gossip columnists everywhere. <br /> <br /> AND (4) The author, Gore Vidal hated him practically from the first day. However, that slogan almost sums it up. Raquel Welch gives a decent performance like Myra, and she also looks lovely. John Huston is very funny like Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star who runs an academy of fake actors. Mae West, (in her first appearance on the screen since 1943), naturally, rewrote her part to adapt to herself, and is great as '' overexploited '' (and that's a little) '' Talent agent '' , Leticia Van Allen. Still, he must have asked (after waiting so long for a good vehicle to return) how he ever ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of his '' clientele ''. John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, also wander briefly. Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, are not here or there. The same thing happens with the script, which not only does not focus on the basic plot of the book, but seems to go at least in three different directions at the same time. Although West's part was originally larger, it was reduced to a cameo when Sarne finished editing. And, partly because of this, it seems to be in a different movie. Apparently, at some point, the producers realized that Mae was going to be the main attraction of the film and, being unable to replace most of her recordings, they took her back to the set at the end of the filming of the second of their two songs, both of which come out of nowhere. The device that Sarne used to throw old movie clips from past stars to emphasize the points he was making, does not work at all. When the film ends, all a tired spectator can do is wonder what the hell it is. Not surprisingly, almost everyone involved in the production felt the same, and died at the box office. A technically impeccable DVD includes, among other extras, separate comments from both Welch and Sarne, each of whom has completely opposite views of what went wrong. 'piece, which tried (in great detail) to do the same. It is true that the structure of the novel made a film adaptation a dubious company, but with Sarne at the head of what was obviously a "problematic" production, he never really had a chance.
