It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and a distant and modern attitude could get money to make a movie. This is how Michael Sarne, director of this colossal failure, got the job. Sarne is one of the most talented people without talent who has been given a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the entire studio must have been tricked into accepting to hire a guy who had made exactly one previous film, a terribly beautiful black-and-white set of the 60s called Joanna. That movie was starred by actress / artist with similar talent Genevieve Waite, who could barely speak a full line without breaking an inappropriate facial expression or a twitter like a bat. Sarne, who was probably incapable of directing a cartoon, did not mind a big-budget Hollywood movie, was in a bad position. David Giler's book is the best place to discover how the terrible infant Sarne could put the wool over everyone's eyes. If there is ever a historical marker that indicates the superficiality and shallowness of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides that marker. It embodies the emptiness and senseless excess of a decade that is most often remembered for a great radical change in the body politic. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another vein, equally important. Watch this movie and you will get a different perspective on the spirit void that is mentioned less frequently and that often passes for talent during those years. <br /> <br /> Many critics have talked about the cross-section of images from Other films, especially old ones. Some really liked these awkward "comments" about what was happening in the movie, others found them senseless, annoying and annoying, although as the movie is so bad, any intrusion would have to be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarne put so many movie clips in Myra Brekinridge was because of the role of the unfathomable insufficiency of ingenuity and imagination that he possessed. That is, Sarne was so challenged by the imagination that he simply released these clips to fill the space and take time. They were not inspiration, they were despair. His writing skills were non-existent, and David Giler had wisely distanced himself from the project as if it were a time bomb, so Sarne had to really try to make a film, and he could not. It was beyond their slim capabilities. Hence the introduction of what appears to be half the clips of a complete movie. The ghosts of writers and directors, many of whom went through a long time ago, were asked to fix this disastrous failure because Sarne could not do it. This was what he came up with in those days that he sat on the set and thought for eight hours, while the whole cast and crew (not to mention the producers and the accountants) cooled their heels and waited for something, a big spark of imagination. a touch of originality, a soup of wit, that creaks from the forehead of Zeus. Um, oops. Without Zeus + without imagination + without sparks = millions of small dollar bills with small wings, each made from the hundreds of license agreements required to use the clips, flying out the window. Goodbye. <br /> <br /> As for me, I hated movie clips. Denigrated the best bettors of Sarne, made fun of people whose talents, even those whose skills were not excellent, far exceeded the skills of the director and, ultimately, served to demonstrate how lacked inspiration, originality and even competition simple. even the most cheesy of them.
