Anyone who knows me remotely can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as big ones, and I can honestly say that I have finally seen one of the legendary bad movies of all time: the almost indescribable disaster that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of Gore Vidal's bestselling book (which later dismissed this film version), the star-studded MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is truly such a bad movie that it remains strangely entertaining from start to finish. The film classified by X about sex and Hollywood exchange operations was an absolute catastrophe at the box office and was literally rejected from the screen by both critics and the public at the time of its release. Unsurprisingly, the movie gained an almost legendary cult status among bad movie lovers, and I was actually quite excited to see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who only had two previous credits to the address of his name at the time), took a lot of fight over the finished movie and, honestly, it seems he had no idea what he was trying to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with complete sequences edited together in such a dangerous way that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. The trick of using file images from Fox's cameras and splicing them into the image at regular intervals is also irritating. This means that there are archival images of past movie stars, such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, in newly filmed scenes of often lewd sexual acts, and the process simply does not work as planned (this also caused a little stir, as actors as Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio for using their image without permission). <br /> <br /> Maybe Sarne is not the only one to blame, however, since the script and the casting of the film will also make many viewers shake their image. Heads with disbelief. For example, this film will ask you to believe that the skeptical film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major role in a movie) could have a sex change operation and emerge as the beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch. The film becomes harder to follow when Welch when Myra tries to take over a movie school from his seedy uncle (played by the legendary film director John Huston), seduces a nubile film student (Farrah Fawcett) and teaches the bad boy resident of the school (Roger Herren) a lesson by raping him with a dildo with straps. Did everyone follow that? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I still have to mention the star of the film: the legendary sex symbol of the screen of the thirties, Mae West! Ms. West was 77 when she appeared in this film (she had been retired for 26 years), and apparently still considered a formidable sexual symbol when she plays a high-level talent agent who has hunky men (even a young Tom Selleck ) launching towards her. As if this was not bad enough, the West of the Deaf plays two songs just written in the middle of the movie, and I think I could have suffered permanent brain damage by listening to them! <br /> <br /> Naturally, none of this is very similar to anything that any person of reasonable taste would describe as "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10 because it was always morbidly entertaining even when I did not have idea of ​​what the hell was supposed to be happening. In addition, the majority of the cast strives hard. Raquel, in particular, seems so intent on turning her badly written part into something significant that by itself she succeeds in making it worthwhile to watch the movie. If he had only been working with a decent script and a capable director, then he might have received some respect from critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also good. The handsome John Huston (who really should have been directing the film) has some funny moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett has a nice and pleasant face. Roger Herren is also fine, but he never appeared in another film after this (I guess he just could not live like the guy who was kidnapped by Raquel Welch). And as anyone can guess from the previous description, Mae West was totally crazy when she agreed to make this movie, but that is part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema.
