Rarely seen since its theatrical premiere in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has become synonymous with cinematic debacles of legendary proportions. Now, finally on DVD in an unexpectedly attractive package, it's just as unlikely that it will win audiences as broad today as it was when it was first released. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's 1968 bestseller was a darkly satirical statement. Most of the filmmakers felt that the story, structure and overall tone of the novel would not translate into film, and industry experts were surprised when 20th Century Fox not only acquired the rights, but also hired Vidal to adapt your novel to the screen. But the studio executives soon had cold feet: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected and rookie writer and director Michael Sarne was taken to take the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> The studio executives expected Sarne to take advantage of the youth market they saw as a target for the film, but Sarne proved even more out of step with the material than the executives themselves. Rewrite after rewriting followed. The cast, feeling the disaster, became increasingly combative. In her commentary on the DVD, star Raquel Welch says that she rarely had any idea what Myra's motives were from scene to scene or even within a scene in itself, and that each person involved seemed to be making a movie completely different. In the accompanying documentary "Back Story", Rex Reed says that MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie made by a group of people who hid in their dressing rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return their calls. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of these comments are demonstrated by the film itself. The foundations of Vidal's history are there, but not only has history been stripped of all the broader implications, but it seems to have no meaning in itself. Everything is executed in multiple directions, nothing is connected and numerous scenes undermine any logic that the previous scenes have had. And while director Sarne repeatedly states in his commentary that he wanted to make the film a pure sham, the only laughs generated are accidental. <br /> <br /> The main one of these accidents is Mae West. It is true that West has an unexpectedly well-preserved appearance and that she had not lost anything in her own way with a single sentence, but there is no way to avoid the fact that she is over seventy years old, and her conviction that she is the still. The sexiest trick in leather footwear is extremely disturbing, to say the least. But worse, in reality, is the fact that West is out of his era. His efforts to transform into a hip and personal characters result in one of the most shameful self-caricatures ever seen in the film. <br /> <br /> The remaining distribution is wasted to a large extent. Raquel Welch, a significantly underestimated actress, plays the lead role of Myra as a Barbie doll on steroids; the non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in Myron's role, but the full role is essentially meaningless. Only John Huston and cameo players John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper and Andy Devine emerge relatively unharmed. Yes, it really is the debacle that everyone involved in the film feared would be: fast when it should be slow, slow when it should be fast, relentlessly impunity from start to finish. It is true that director Sarne has an occasional inspired idea, such as in the use of everyone's movie clips, from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint to the action, but in general, every time he was introduced to Sarne An option of how to do something seems to have done the wrong thing. <br /> <br /> The how and why of that is clarified in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne did not like the novel or, for that matter, the subject in general. I did not want to write the script, but I needed the money; Emphatically I did not want to direct the film, but I needed the money. He makes it very clear that he did not like the authors Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point he says flatly that Reed "is not a good person"), and to this day considers that Vidal and Reed worked together to sabotage the film because he refused to participate in his "homosexual agenda", which, when it comes to that, seems to have been his desire for Sarne to actually film Vidal's novel instead of his own strangely imagined takeoff from it. <br /> <br /> Although he spends a lot of time commenting that the gay community is very appreciative of the film, Sarne does not seem to understand that the appeal of the film to a gay audience is due to his ridiculously inaccurate description of people homosexuals . When taken along with the film itself, Sarne emerges as something more than a little homophobic, and frankly it is the worst selection of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. <br /> <br /> In addition to the comments by Sarne and Welch and the documentary making-of, the DVD release includes several advances and two versions of the film: a version of "theatrical release" and a version " restored. " The only difference between the two is that the final scene in the "restored" version was printed in black and white. The editions made before the general release of the film have not been restored, but the documentary details what they were. The widescreen transfers of both are remarkably good and the sound is quite good. But to finish where I started, this is in fact a film that will interest movie historians, moviegoers and fans of cult movies. I give him three out of five stars just for his sake, but everyone else should ignore it. <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
