MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that established its place in the history of cinema immediately. The praise of the film was absolutely nonexistent, even on the part of the people involved in its realization. This movie was detested from the first day. While every once in a while you will meet a nonconformist who will praise the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the transgender problem), the film has not developed a cult as some notorious failures do. It is not acclaimed as a misunderstood masterpiece like SCARFACE, or trotted to be ridiculed as a camp classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the reason is that the film, although outrageously horrible, is not worthy of being loved, not even pleasant. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply bad. Like a Hollywood satire, he is cold-blooded and petty, but in a hollow and meaningless way. MYRA takes it for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes further to attack such beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The movie seems to imply that everything about Hollywood is by its very nature vile. He seems to think that there is something intrinsically brave in mocking the sacred cows, but in the first place he does not provide a justification for making a mockery. The film is also viscerally anti-American and anti-institutional and anti-anti-anti-, but all in a superficial way, at the end of the 1960s, in fashion. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other supposed epics of the hip, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of hippy-dippy youth culture. Try to embrace the same attitude you despise. But instead of cheerfully mocking himself, MYRA does not try to hide his contempt for everything within his reach. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a bully; There is not a single moment of innocence in it. Your intentions are not honorable. TIME Magazine aptly described him as "as funny as a child molester," but he's not that nice. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West suffered most of the criticism directed at the film, which is described as looking like everything from an aged drag queen to a reanimated walking corpse. The octogenarian star, obviously, did not know how ridiculous it was to play a lusty talent agent who coveted men young enough to be his grandchildren or even his great grandchildren. But, director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used it anyway. Why? Because, apparently, she was the joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran artists in the film, they are only there so the film can make fun of their age and use them to destroy their images. They are presented as elegant self-parodies, like Rex Reed, the arrogant and critical film critic, who is the cast of the film. But the real Reed, the dog of celebrities, the rumors, the gossip of the talk shows, can be charming in a nasty and funny way; but like Myron, Myra's alter ego, it's just unpleasant. Once again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is the joke. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see actors, you see victims. Nobody but Raquel Welch. No one will accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it is a testament to her tenacity and attractiveness that she survived this movie and her career prospered. Being in almost all the scenes, Welch was at the front and in the center as a target of the abuses directed to the film, but to her credit, she offers a remarkably nuanced performance. Although, of course, centered between the landscape that chews on Huston and the almost catatonic West, Welch does not have to do much to achieve a good balance. Even so, she makes her dialogue horribly unfunny with a deadpan smile, with the hint of rejoicing that would make any James Bond villain proud. Legend has it that Welch was rejected by a condescending West and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on set by the clumsy director Sarne, not to mention that he appeared in one demeaning scene after another, which makes it all the more remarkable that she could give Such A great and compiled performance. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the movie is trying to figure out what the movie's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy tale, which should indicate that it has a moral to deliver, but what it could be is an assumption of either. With all his talk about the destruction of "the last vestiges of the traditional virility of the race," he seems to have a feminist ax to grind. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. In addition, Myra is not a woman, but is an illusion of Myron, who presumably is a gay man. That could explain the scene of the male rape, as well as the character's love / hate attitude towards the apparently straight male Rusty dead head, but it does not explain his obsession with and the alleged lesbian date with Mary Ann by Farrah Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but it can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; All sex is treated as if it were dirty, at least perverse and degrading. Going to the original novel by Gore Vidal is useless, because it is as confusing and useless as the movie. <br /> <br /> And this is a weird movie that actually seems to hate movies. Not only movies as a business, but also movies as part of the culture. The film itself is an arcane wall-to-wall reference to old movies, all of which the director and screenwriter Sarne addresses with a seething disdain. He has raided the 20th Century-Fox movie vaults and sprinkled the film with fragments of old movies, not as a tribute or to provide a social commentary, but to mock the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist, if he generously wants to call Sarne, make a work of art if he already hates the medium in which he is working? The effort itself is totally counterproductive. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be in favor of anything other than being simply unpleasant. Hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates gays and heterosexuals, women, men, old people, young people, Laurel, Hardy and, well, you call it and probably He has a scene that shows contempt for him. In a very sad and regretful way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of the nihilism of pop culture.
