I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 at my local Suncoast, which contained this movie and three other horror movies (including its sequel "Witchcraft XI"). Basically, I paid the minimum price of $ 2.50 for this movie, if you do the math. I can not say exactly that I was scammed. I like trashy horror movies, but this is the kind of trash that gives a bad reputation to the trash. The budget can not exceed $ 1,000 (although it seems that they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low budget movie, but that's not an excuse for camera work totally uninspired. The film "Cult of blood", although not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had quite good camera work and acting. The performance in this movie is the definition of "effortless", especially of that muscular guy with a Texas accent. Everyone is reading their page lines. You can take that figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script went out of the camera when they were acting. I said before that I've never seen a bad English actor. This movie has enough bad ones. And although English films are not always good, they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication, so I do not see why any English, or English, would volunteer to make a home-style video movie like this one. Merchant Ivory stopped your casting calls? In general, I think that people are too harsh with directors and actors. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have a certain level of professionalism in the departments of directing, acting and cinematography. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter", you can not honestly say that it seems that a third grade student filmed those scenes (although a third grade student could have written the script). I have seen home movies that are recorded better than "Witchcraft X", and that is not exaggerated at all. Even the gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy fake blood for sale in Party City. No effort was made to make this film, let's just summarize it that way. You get the picture. There is a lot of nakedness, although that does not save it. However, I must say that that girl with orange-red hair, who is naked or with a dress of neckline throughout the film, is really good! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
