but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of Disney princess movies, but for the worst movie the company made during Walt's life. The music is genuinely beautiful, and the story deserves to be called "classical". What fails in this movie are the characters, particularly the title character, who could only be called "the heroine" in the vaguest sense of the term. <br /> <br /> After a brief prologue, the audience is presented to Cinderella. . He is waking up in the morning and singing "A dream is a wish that your heart makes". This establishes her as an idealist (and therefore deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us any clue as to what she is dreaming about. Freedom from your servant role? The respect of his stepmother? Someone to talk to besides mice and birds? In a song (cut out of the film, but presented in the special features section of the last DVD), Cinderella relates her desire that there may be many of her so that she can do her work more efficiently. Go girlfriend In short, Cinderella is a very bland character. She passively accepts her stepmother's abuse, escaping her tacit dreams to get relief. It is only affirmed once by reminding his stepmother that he is still a member of the family. For this, he is given permission to go to the ball if he completes his domestic work and finds something to use, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone, except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine as a doormat? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless. The Prince in Cinderella has no dialogue and almost no screen time. We are not given any indication of whether he is a good man, if he respects Cinderella or something like that. All we know is that 1) is a prince and 2) that he dances well. Hell, even the prince of "Snow White" could sing a romantic song at least. This lack of development not only makes the romance less interesting, it also makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, which weakens her already tenuous appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps when realizing how boring the main characters were, the animators decided to dedicate an excessive screen time to the comic relief of the film, to the friends of Cinderella, to the mice. Of course, these characters are fun. Even so, when the comic relief steals the directors' show, well, let's say that their story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to proclaim all its animated features as "masterpieces". While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is a good example of this fact.
