There are some good things about the movie. Music and cinematography are great. Alex Wilson is hot and gives a great performance. Ryan Bauer is also hot. The production was very lucky to have released them because they really give production value to the film. Jonny Vincent (Sean) and many of the guys in the movie who do not talk are also cute. Why does not the actress who plays Amy in the credits appear? Brandon Alexander offers a great comedic performance as Clitarissa Pink. <br /> <br /> The worst of the movie is probably the star, James Townsend. He can not act He is also very emaciated, it is not pleasant to see at all. His arms are like spaghetti. It's disgusting. They do not have any muscle tone at all. No wonder he has to make his own movie and throw himself into it. Nobody else would throw him in anything. <br /> <br /> James Townsend is not credible as someone who would even have a girlfriend because he acts so gay. They should have chosen someone else as the protagonist if they wanted the best for the movie. On the other hand, I may just want to use this movie as a vehicle to launch a career in soft-core porn, definitely not acting because I would have taken some acting lessons. Also, anyone doing pornography is on the Hollywood blacklist. <br /> <br /> The most ridiculous part of the movie is probably the casting of a tanned-skinned Latina like Devon's mother. Sonja Fisher does not look like an actress at all. All in all, this movie is soft core porn and is not better than something you would see in Skinemax. I think even Alex Wilson, probably the best of this movie, feels embarrassed and does not want to be associated. There is no photo on your IMDb page and nothing else on the list, so Alex Wilson is probably a disposable artistic name. Also, I met him in West Hollywood once recently and when I mentioned this movie, he turned around and walked away. I get it. If I had worked on this film, I would be ashamed and would not want to be associated with it.
