Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this strange horror and horror movie with very good ideas and intentions: make a gay movie that has a different story than usual and make a drama that wants to be. Judged by its merits as a thriller. So, why does not it work? To begin with, the film loses the direction of the opening frame and wanders aimlessly throughout the film, ready to make a thriller of suspense, but it deviates to satisfy an audience that wants to see nude encounters. It's not that that's a bad thing: it can certainly improve some movies that have been Hollywood hits. The film also tries to talk about experiences in young men and women, relationships, upbringing, the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events and murder. Everything is too much to get into a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) by all appearances is a successful kid with a friendly girlfriend, Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but has an eye for kids and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) He has traveled the same path and can offer help to Devon at all levels. They come together, Devon goes out and the mysteries begin: the children disappear in the neighborhood, the psychologist of the stepfather of Devon, Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not at all what he seems to be and, despite the consoling mother of Devon, Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon Take to the streets for their new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is in a dark business with Detective Hunky Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who is apparently investigating the missing children ... Devon gathers his resources from his sympathetic girlfriend Jenna and his friends and together the group reveals the dark facts of Dr. Tyler and his detective partner. And despite everything, Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little that the gaze does not examine frequently)!) but the degree of action is at a historical minimum. The only thing that makes us forgive (and in some cases is too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of all involved. Yes, this is a low budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end, there is something to be said for the people involved to try to take a gay movie to a different level. Maybe your next one will be more polished. Harp grady
