In the 1998 summer blockbuster, BASEketball (1998): "This is one of those movies that are usually seen on the giant big screen in a sports bar during the day, when everyone is quite drunk." Unfortunately, he was sober when I saw this movie. " <br /> <br /> Thus we quote the late Gene Siskel for this yukfest with a little intelligence that came out two weeks after the very superior "There Something About Mary" in a unique game in July. 1998. "Mary" was a rough festival, but in addition to the many gags, he had a lot of heart, so it was the highest grossing comedy of that memorable summer. <br /> <br /> "BASEketball" tried to outdo Mary, but failed in more ways than that. You take the creators of "South Park", Trey Parker and Matt Stone, who fortunately are not behind the movie, but are in front of the camera, the only member of ZAZ David Zucker directing the image with the desperate need for a paycheck, and the other two Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker clearly stayed out or probably warned against the photo, a little bit now for the 90 year old Ernest Borgnine, wasting his valuable time in his distinguished career, dying in a puppy hot and singing "I'm Too Sexy" while recording her will, Jenny McCarthy, who has little time on screen as the widow of Borgnine's trophy, who is not too tearful, young enough to be his granddaughter, a female part most important of Yasmine Bleeth as a dedicated social worker whose positions are disadvantaged youth, and Only one interesting and significant player in this turkey, Robert Vaughn as a corrupt archirriant, and Fake nonsense for "Plane!" former student Kareem Abdul Jabaar and the late Robert Stack, who seemed nostalgic for the 1980 masterpiece and is a much cooler humor created by the ZAZ family. What are all these people doing? A desperate cast and crew trying to replicate "Plane!" the humor and the mixture with the harshness of "South Park", but failing in every way. <br /> <br /> To cut this long 100-minute film, "BASEketball", a real game invented by David Zucker and his friends in his hometown of Milwaukee, it's about two lazy losers (Parker and Stone) and their pint-size mutual friends who invent baseball and basketball (hence the title) together in the driveway of the house. After Borgnine dies, he bequeaths ownership of his BASEketball team, the Milwaukee Beers to Parker and Stone. Indeed, the game becomes national, and archrivals Vaughn and McCarthy want to take away the ownership of the Beers team. But Bleeth is in love with both men, especially Parker, and a poor, sick load who needs a liver transplant goes over them. Those are the characters, not very developed. <br /> <br /> Gags are now produced without ingenuity. Blood, electroshock hair, egg-throwing and shouting are among them. Parker and Stone almost kill the young man in the hospital, but he performs a liver transplant. Borgnine sings and rubs the ointment on his chest with the will recorded on video. McCarthy, who seemed to overcome Borgnine's death by drowning himself with a franc immediately, quickly massaged Vaughn in the next scene. The cheerleaders dance in tiny costumes. There is a lot of music in the soundtrack that is played for people with hearing problems. And David Zucker forces the parodies of "Riverdance" and "Titanic". Forcing the parody is nothing new for ZAZ, it publishes "Plane!" and the series "The Naked Gun". <br /> <br /> And like Siskel, I was also sober, but I was also sleepy. This movie should be played over and over again for bar customers who enjoy it while drinking beers, but will they stay alert and awake, or will they faint during the parts without grace? If they faint, then they will not realize that they are losing stupidity and absurdity. Congratulations to them!
