... and not in a good way. The BASEketball is a waste of film in most cases. It is offensive to all the senses. This does not necessarily bother me, I've seen many bad movies, really bad movies before and I'll see them again. However, BASEketball is a movie of caliber in which you regret having lost ninety minutes of life. The reason why BASEketball offends me is that he stars Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they did not write. Any respect I had for David Zucker has been exhausted for a long time. His recent spoof movies are lazy messes that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pubescent boys who make fun of penis jokes. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy. When you see BASEketball, you will be surprised to discover that they were created by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the funniest and smartest comedians in the entertainment world today. His photographs and episodes of South Park are as relevant as they are funny. Every joke, even fart jokes have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. I imagine that BASEketball was a great growth experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone have essentially prostituted themselves. The film is presented as a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They have been helpful in their movies. I really can not find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, other than the fact that they seem to be faking a forged film by falsifying a fake movie. Each line is delivered in a way as silly as a wink. It is as if they try to make fun of the worst of this type of images and, however, become them in the same way. I remember the episode of South Park "How to eat with your ass", where Cartman sits in a movie theater watching an angry comedy without argument or plausibility, except to do so, Parker and Stone use the same voices they did in that scene. for this complete image. It really is sad. <br /> <br /> And, however, that is not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest complaint with the image is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are knowingly following this piece of script. I know that if they took the damn thing and rewrote it, this could have been saved to the point of being observable. There is no indication that Zucker allows them to improve the scenes either. Parker and Stone are simply tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some fun concepts and I think Parker, especially if he was allowed to take the Zuckers script, could have worked out more about them. In its place we have insignificant humor. Do not rent BASEketball, you can get the same laughs by watching a group of elementary students joking
