I gave this movie a 5 of pure compassion. My intention is not to burst anyone's bubble, because I have seen, as I have seen in other comments, that this movie is very much appreciated by many. Well, it does not deserve praise, and I say it because I've seen the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie deeply embarrasses it. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It's nice because of well-choreographed battles, based on fantasy rather than martial arts, and I agree that its beauty is deeply enhanced. But the story is nothing like the original. Now, I understand that when you transform an anime / manga into a movie, you must make certain changes. I did not expect to see the monstrous characters of the anime, although they have a well-established role, and some are really deep and well designed. But I certainly did not expect to see immense and incorrectly placed changes, which basically ruin the whole story. Characters that are mutilated in a dramatic and unethical way, transformed into something that the public could love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet and innocent girl, completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vengeful clan leader in the movie. I liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and evades the limitations imposed by the era (we are talking about Japan, XVII century), but her moods are incredible and are poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the movie, but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not only not madly in love as in the anime, but is more or less useless . the plot. I could go on and on, like how they made Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character in the anime, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or how Gennosuke, the main character seems to be completely out of place and confused, not to mention once again WEAK . The music is beautiful and the image is amazing, as expected from a Japanese movie, and I appreciate it for that. But do not look at this if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it has no remedy. The basilisk, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and greatly exaggerated, is splendid and has much more depth in its characters, history, historical value and is, so to speak, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe it would continue after what was supposed to be the climax. Unfortunately, it hurts me deeply to judge a movie so harshly, but I advise you not to do it. Please watch the anime, or at least watch the movie first and then repair your image of what Basilisk really is by watching the anime. Otherwise, he will have an attack when he realizes how he was massacred.
