It seems a pity that Greta Garbo ended his illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous marriage game of mistaken identity. Emerging from the success of her first romantic comedy, the masterful "Ninotchka" by Ernst Lubitsch (1939), where she was ideally chosen as an austere Russian envoy, Garbo meets with her protagonist Melvyn Douglas for a comedic story that touches her. Karin Borg, Jane's simple ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive Larry Blake when he falls in love with her. Once she makes it clear that work is her priority, Karin, without realizing it, decides to pass herself off as her twin sister Katherine to prove her husband's fidelity when he is back in Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this infamous 1941 ruling was directed by George Cukor, who brought Garbo to his best dramatic performance in "Camille" in 1937, because it is such an unflattering vehicle as one could imagine for the legend of the screen. Only someone with the natural sense of the ease and mischief of Carole Lombard could have got away with the scams presented in the screenplay of by-the-numbers by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to temporize and Americanize Garbo's image for wartime audiences who, according to studio bosses, were not interested in the tragic period the characters preferred in the 1930s. <br /> <br /> However, Garbo does not seem to agree. Facilitates mainly as the fake party girl Katherine and, especially, compared to fanatical experts like Douglas and Constance Bennett as the romantic rival Griselda. Photographed in an unflattering way by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired in many scenes and frankly frightening in his hair mocked by the dance sequence "girl-hits". The story ends in a conventional way, but with the addition of a long physical sequence in which Larry tries to maneuver his skis in a series of mountainous cliffs that, unfortunately, remind me of the death of Sonny Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this point in his career) appear in comic supporting roles as Douglas associates. This film is not yet on DVD, and would not consider it a transfer priority, since it represents a curiosity in the legendary career of Garbo. According to reports, he was quite unhappy during the filming. I can see why.
