You may feel a little confused if you see this foolishness made from the beginning, as the credits list Susan Dey as "Special Guest Star". Um, why does a unique MOW like this have a guest star? Well, if you limit yourself to it, you'll see that you do not pay attention to anything other than Mrs. Dey in the butt, moving in a floral bikini while the girl from the house of "Partridge Family" plays on the beach at the that alludes to that imaginative title. Susan's derriere is especially convincing when she shakes it to the camera while joking and tickling her pseudo-disaffected brother in a slightly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her fight fight over a lost battle: the jiggle television madness that could have put that top on the top was three years of absence, so the sweet booty gets a secondary role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have put that back right in front and used this movie as Susan's audition tape for "Charlie's Angels". As it is, our Susan was denied the immortality of the cheesecake and had to settle for a career worthy of praise interpreting neurotic and somber women. <br /> <br /> The vision beyond Susan's heinie, it must be said, is not very convincing. The landscape is pleasant and is photographed in a strange and nebulous way that deceives you briefly and makes you think that there might be a strange creative intelligence working behind the camera. No It's just a television thriller, with a typical suspense challenge, which allowed the stars of the week to earn a little extra money (and collect some cable waste, although obviously they did not know at the time) and show your "range" "Here we are offered a nuclear family on a television scale, facing bullies who can not decide if they are a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (therefore, the filmmakers divide the difference by putting them in buggies) and I have never learned one of them. the main lessons of television in the 70s: do not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel") .The only potential to delve into this film is in the aforementioned teen character of Steve, played by Kristoffer Tabori , who was long forgotten, who is supposed to be rebellious and has problems and may feel some sympathy and attraction to the lawless mafia that is (supposedly) threatening his family, but Steve, played by Tabori (gosh, Why did not we see more of this child prodigy?), He is actually grumpy and cranky and not a bit in conflict when the big D gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) arena. Sleep deprived and Susan Deyniacs (there must be some of you outside) only.
