When this movie is played on television, you may want to save approximately 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you need to see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas traveling together to Reno. The number one couple is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low opinion of herself and they have not had intimacy in a long time. Lonnie has been sleeping with Candy (Charlize Theron), the wife of his best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). Everyone drives to Reno and the four of them stay in a luxurious suite. Roy and Candy have been trying to have a baby and finally Candy discovers that she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and discovers that he is sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their adventure and now the whole trip is a mess. This movie is directed by Jordan Brady and has made some other low budget movies, but this is the first with such an impressive cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comedic talent, but you can not blame him entirely. This script is not fun and one of the most obvious problems is that all the characters are written at comedy level. Just because everyone is from the south does not mean they have to be naive and idiotic. The character of Thornton does not have the sophistication to give the buttons more than a dollar. And the character of Swayze is called stupid and foolish by all throughout the film and one of the rare good times occurs when he asks everyone to fire him at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and is a totally useless and worthless cameo. It just speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she was fulfilling an obligation to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are executive producers of this film. The only person who is not really that bad is Richardson. We see her having more confidence in herself, but this plot in the movie is very obvious and tense. All these actors should know better and it is difficult to imagine that everyone read the script and they liked it. It is a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they paid them. As for the spectators, they do not pay you, so avoid this one!
