Slackers is just another teen movie that is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are about to graduate from Holden University with honors in lying, cheating and cheating. The three roommates have been swindled with pride during the last four years of college and now, during the final exams, these big men on campus are about to be arrested by the most unlikely type of school. The plot is very stupid and there's no reason to see this unless you're trying to turn off your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable movie for teenagers that really does not add anything new to the genre. The comedy in Slackers is unpredictable, but there is not a really funny or original moment in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are pretty funny. Although for every joke that works there are at least eight more that do not. The script is full of jokes about the penis and chest that some high school and college students can enjoy. Even if they do, they probably will not remember this movie after a while, since it is not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the strange Ethan and, after appearing in some good comedies, has been lowered a lot. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other main stars, but they do a pretty bad job in this movie. This is directed by Dewey Nicks and this is his first movie, so you can not blame him too much. The most fun character was probably Laura Prepon, although it's not much in the movie. However, the movie is very short and only lasts 86 minutes, which may be too long for some people who do not like this kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst movie of 2002, but it is certainly below average. Compared to other movies in the genre, there is much better out there, such as Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2, etc. So, unless you've seen most of them and searched for something new. then the Slackers could fit that budget, but it's better if you just look at something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 a comedy for teenagers below average that is worth skipping.
