There are many movies that have set release dates, only to be removed from the distribution due to some legal error of some kind, and then put them in limbo for a long time. You can only hope that a film as rotten as "Slackers" remains in a coma for what it's worth, which is minuscule. The release dates were continuously modified for this really horrible movie that is both a radar whistle and deserves. The premise begins under the guise of Ethan, a creepy nerd with a frightening obsession with the campus bomb, Angela. Ethan diabolically recruits the help of David and his friends who have been cheating to school throughout his career with blackmail to help win Angela. I do not like to distribute spoilers, but for shit like this I can make an exception. Angela falls in love with David, Ethan intentionally ruins everything, the good guys win. That is what happens in a few words for another tired relapse of the adolescent gender. Raw humor is fun, always going back to the days of the immortal classic "Animal House", to artists like "There Something About Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others, of which there are too many. to mention. But when you use it as a plot point, you can only go very far, for example, Ethan has an Angela doll made up of his individual strands of hair, of which God knows what with that. No one wants to witness seeing Ethan pee in the shower while singing to himself. Nobody wants to see a young man singing "She will come around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for the full visual assault of watching the 50's bomb Mamie Van Doren bare her breasts at 71 years of age. I do not know if it is the lack of coherence of the story, which cuts scenes that do not make any sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this film, he may only wish he returned to the profession. The worst thing you can do in any movie is make it look like you're having fun, because you subtract value from your goals, just like "Slackers" does, by burying the outline of the plot under a bunch of meaningless gags. Bullets, and lack of construction. It's like a group of college students who got drunk, grabbed the camcorder, fired random trash and compiled it together. If you want to see a comedy for teenagers that is really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", just something that is entertaining, and not terribly bad as "Slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz makes a cameo appearance in this film, just as he did in another bad movie like "The Sweetest Thing", where the story deals with coarse humor as another plot, instead of a device very similar to this disaster ... If you pass "Slackers" in your local video store, just keep walking and let it end at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
