Normally I do not write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel I should do it. I have spoken of tastes in another criticism, saying that everything is in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it simply means that you have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", which is practically an unknown film in black and white. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I liked these films because they have, if not a lot, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the movies I've seen because they tell a story I had not heard before, and most directors only make movies with a good story. Throughout this film I thought "Where is this going?" (even near the end) "Where did you get these horrible actors?" "Was that supposed to be a joke?" and other things like that. With the obvious turn that was coming, he was skeptical, but he hoped that he might "do" the film and show that he had not wasted his time. I was sadly wrong. For starters, the story was bad and the spin actually ruined any hint of hope there was. Here is a summary: history? Like the first film, which was fine, it is slow and scanty, with no relationship between the audience and the characters or situations. The situations are delicate and shallow and completely boring and predictable. The turn was terrible, it did not make me feel anything, like emotion or WOW. Only "my God." There was nothing in most of the movie that you could look back and think "Oooo was not that smart" because it was not. In "Fight Club" there are flashbacks at the end that show the bits where the true identity of Tyler was shown cryptically, and when you looked at it again you saw more, it really was a work of genius, how it was written, designed and directed. This was a meaningless attempt at an impressive turn. I think it was the "wild things" that had a pretty poor twist and I still liked the movie because the rest was good and it was not trying to be a big turn. It is as if the writer of CI2 thought that it was going to be the best turn of history. But in reality, it's just a bad story with a bad turn at the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, with the whole film empty throughout Sebastian's story, which meant nothing and a horrible pediatric and forced end with an especially young and innocent acting girl. Acting ?? The actors in this movie are frightening. Almost as bad as "Sunset Beach". - Extremely cheesy and poorly done. It's not even that bad, it's good like "Hunk". The worst performance I thought came from Amy Adams, who played Kathryn, was a stiff, pathetic performance and badly thought of by her. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not seen "American Psycho II" yet, but certainly his relaxed "cool" style has also ruined that movie. <br /> <br /> I can not say it's a good movie for teenagers, as it is not. If my son or daughter liked this movie, I would be ashamed. But anyway they would not do it, since they would take into account all the things that make a good movie, of which this movie has nothing. Really. I'm disappointed that some have said "it's possible that I'm not in the age range of this movie, and that's why I do not like it". I like all the movies now that I liked as a teenager and I liked them a lot. Also, do you really think that when you are over 20, you suddenly do not like teenage stories? No. I liked "Mean Girls" and other generic movies for teens, and see "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. I have no excuse for bad direction, acting and script, I'm afraid. Also, I was 16/17 when I saw it for the first time. In any case, being older makes you a better judge of a terrible movie. I can not believe that anyone can give 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave 9 because I know there may be something better. It's a shame for this site that people do that, give them frivolously, or do not get the movies / shows, and so on. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has really liked this movie Their taste should vary, and perhaps their lives, and with this they realize that this is the worst movie that has ever been made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you're not a teenager with bad taste, or you just do not have bad taste, you'll hate this movie.
