Well, I'm usually not that hard with the sequels, especially if the first movie is done well and, ultimately, it was a good movie. As for 1999, I think one of the five best films was Cruel Intentions. It had everything that a great movie should have, except for an original story, adapted from a novel, it was still very good. We continue with Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to actually be the opener of a series based on the movie called Manchester Prep. What must not have happened. Actually, after watching a bit of a movie I can understand. Before it started, it was like when at least writer and director Roger Kumble did it too. Well 1 minute in this movie I was disappointed. It begins with a repetition of the opening of the original with a different touch of sebastian instead of putting on the net the nude photo of the shrunken girl, and puts the wife of the directors of the schools in the directory of the nude school. This would have been fine if the lady was not 50 years old. And, basically, the rest of the movie is a carbon copy of the original. Which I understand is that if there's nothing wrong with that, leave it as it was. But you can not do that with a movie. Being this a prequel, I gave him the opportunity just to see how they turned out like they did in part 1. But since Sebastian was more or less a joker and Kathryn was herself and made Sebastian the sexual predator that was in History Real, this movie had no basis for it. Whoever did the casting on this thing was far away. They could at least have tried to get people who looked like the original cast, but no, they only hired a group of actors who were not even really good. I am using this term although I do not know why. Surely they did not do anything in this movie. <br /> <br /> This whole movie is a group of liners that do not even match the ingenuity that the original had, well, some did, but that was only because they were from part 1. Another negative point was that In the first part, the need for attention could be understood because there was no participation from their parents. This father had them and they were badly used, as to show why the children are like this. It did not work, though. However, the best thing about the original was that the cast had chemistry and they took you to this world. The screen tension that was there made the movie what it was. This thing really ruins the experience of the first stay away from this.
