The worst movie of all, this is a statement that people here in IMDb often go around. Whether it's a Uwe Boll movie, bad classics like Hands of Fate Hands or Michael Bay's latest brainless summer action festival, people often jump quickly to the sudden conclusion that on the board they're posting there's nothing worst. in the world of cinema. <br /> <br /> I envy these people, because they are wonderfully ignorant and do not know how deep the rabbit hole is in the trash the movie makes. There are movies out there so bad, so horrible, so unintentionally funny and so ridiculous that cults form around them to celebrate their horror and their discussion forums are the nicest places on the Internet, as they all agree unanimously on that that movie is really that bad <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I present Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay epic that is so bad that it looks a lot like a violent car accident, you know it's horrible but you can not stop looking at it. of the self-proclaimed "actor and director of Hollywood" and, if I can add the beached whale Sam Mraovich, this film is legendarily terrible. Let me give you a clue how the ego drove this project. Mr. Mraovich not only directed this film, wrote it, produced it, produced it as an executive, wrote it down, edited it and finally starred in it. This is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing in his non-existent genius that, like someone with an ugly child, he does not recognize how catastrophic his bastard's creation really is. <br /> <br /> Everything in this film fails at an epic level, acting is the worst you've ever witnessed, the plot is the most ridiculous, editing and cinematography are the most amateur and even music is like the nails on a blackboard. I am aware that I have spent a bit of tangent here, but, please, believe me that this movie is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this movie is a horse shit on a film roll, but the truth is that neither It was even filmed in a movie, it was filmed on a digital camcorder, not much better than the one that is sitting in your closet at this moment accumulating dust. Do not get me wrong, I forgive low budgets for movies as long as the concept is interesting, for example, no matter how much I dislike it. Blair's witch project showed that low budgets can lead to an interesting movie in the atmosphere. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to lean on, even if this movie was shot on a budget of 20 million with the best Hollywood actors that would still stink, the plot is atrocious and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters played by Arthur, who is none other than Sam Mraovich, is one of the smallest and disgusting little ones who have ever got into a movie. It will displease him within 5 minutes of the beginning of the film and at the end of the film, that hatred will have become an absolute hatred. Apparently, Mr. Mraovich forgot that we are supposed to encourage the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin all the hilarity you experience when watching this movie (I urge you not to pay). for) so I will give you two mild examples of how stupid this film is, docile and moderate as among the less offensive mistakes of the film. In one section we hear one of the main characters say how they "know a good lawyer and they will give him a call". The shot fades and then disappears again and this ELL they spoke about previously is actually a woman, a rather spectacular error. Do in postproduction, I think. The second one is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer who tells the characters to fly to Vermont, then we cut a plane of an airplane that lands among palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been to Vermont personally, but I'm sure you will not find palm trees there. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of amateur inconsistent stupidity that extends to almost an hour and a half combined with a ridiculous dialogue and trace and then multiply it by 10 and still will not fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you've seen in your life and imagine that it's even worse and you're still not at the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> However, somehow we should be happy, movies like this are a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we can become filmmakers ourselves or that we can be screenwriters. Simply because we will have a new sense of confidence due to the fact that we will know that nothing of what we produce, no matter how fond a sucking festival like this one may be. <br /> <br /> The Real The worst movie of all time has finally been discovered, and it's called Ben and Arthur.
