I have no idea what the hell, or beyond, could have made Sam Mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project to undertake. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact, I do not see any reason why I should not be at number 1 in the bottom 100. Because even though I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of this post), I would venture a I guess that movie is considerably better than this wound that oozes, because even in its insipid sadness, at least Baby Geniuses 2 was done professionally. In contrast, everything, and I mean it, in this movie is completely unprofessional. <br /> <br /> The film aims to be an attack on the alleged intolerance and hatred of Christians by the Christian right. And I emphasize "destined". Not only does it completely and completely fail in its purpose, but it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggle against a society that is very much opposed to it, it creates tired and rude stereotypes of each party involved. Ben and Arthur, the homonymous couple, are represented as two crude, sex-hungry, desperately romantic cutouts that get married when the laws change to allow them to do so. This is met with opposition from Victor, Ben's brother, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (as this movie wants us to believe), is loud, curious, stupid and violent. Try to kill Ben and Arthur after their associations with them threw him out of the ministry. As in real life. And if you think it's terrible (it is), you have not seen everything. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) here manage to completely destroy any vestige of credibility in this movie by saying their lines as if they were narrating a homemade comedy video from YouTube. But not even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as the title characters could have saved this mess, since there would still be the question of the completely insane and inductive dialogue of laughter that fills every minute of the movie. Each scene has at least one uncomfortable or misplaced appointment. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain about not being able to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of representing this idea clearly, he spits the stupid line, completely confused and plaintive, "You know what, I will never have nieces or nephews, it's okay, because you're so fucked up." ED UP! "<br /> <br /> Even more evident is the complete lack of production values, yes, I know this is not The Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six dots of red dye are not enough for realistic bullet wounds, people do not teleport through a room between shots, and objects do not fall AHEAD when they shoot! <br /> <br /> No You do not care if you're 7, 17 or 107. I do not care if you're gay, straight, bi or indecisive, I do not care if you're "just curious." I do not care about the pathetic reason for the you have to be tempted to buy this manure, stay away, far away.The only redeeming quality of this movie is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
