Holy shit this movie was bad. I saw it only as a joke. It's not even so bad that it's good in an unintentional way. This movie seemed designed to anger me personally. It worked very well doing that. It's as if the people who did this simply took all the really annoying things about the PRIEST movie, added them to a group of ugly guys, got anything interesting, funny, or even remotely sexy and smart from the mix, and then added In a heap of old rotten cheese. That's all it is. Cheese. There is not a single person with whom this movie can connect. There is no universe in which this film can take place. Why can not a movie like this simply be to enjoy life and be happy? Why did they have to make this stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous than it already is? Why could not they at least try to make it an acceptable movie, or even a B movie? Now that I think about it, what the hell were you trying to do with this movie? I saw him waiting for a love story and, instead, I got a boring student project about an idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything. No, I'm not kidding. That's what it is about. That sounds good? This film is quite ignorant of the people of the Christian religion, with the stereotype that all Christians are loud, rude and are bent on making most people as miserable as possible. Many of the Christians I know would never speak or act like these monsters. The film, however, is equally unfair and ignorant to the gay community. These have to be the most insipid stereotyped homosexual men from the radio station guy in that ROADKILL videogame. It's so stressful and just irritating to the point that I could not pay my full attention to this movie. The creators of this train crash did not have a strategy for scenario design, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting. There is not a single sex scene, or at least not credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked good, but his good looks were sadly spoiled. This is garbage. In a perfect world, this movie would be voted 0.0. It's worth 0 as a single movie. A mentally disabled nun who is blind, deaf and has tiny bones for arms and legs and whose face is in her armpit could write, direct and produce a better movie, and she would probably also be a better actress. The fact that this movie exists is a crime against the word "movie" itself. This movie is so bad that other movies should be ashamed to be available in the same visible format. I could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the movie and then replace it with a mini Christmas tree and then record that, and I already made a movie that will always be better than BEN Y ARTHUR for at least half . There are only two things worse than death. Torture and observation of ben and arthur. I'm gay and I'll probably be the most gay person you'll ever meet if you ever meet me, and I think I've never been more offended by a full movie than by the first five seconds of this movie. single movie If this movie was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" to "It's okay to make mistakes unless that mistake was BEN & ARTHUR". Do you know how people always say things like: "Good things come out of everything!"? I think BEN & ARTHUR was invented mainly so that there could be something on earth that would never come out of anything good. Calling this movie the worst movie I've ever seen in my life would be giving it too much credit. It is as if this film had been designed only to qualify in a category of its own. There are good movies, there are bad movies and then there are BEN and ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
