Intrigued by the synopsis (each gay video these days has a piece on the cover, this should not necessarily be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN Y ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be my last purchase) of a video of CULTURE Q CONNECTION. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing more than blatant theft. I do not make this observation lightly? I am an important collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can affirm with some authority and without doubting that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I have seen in my life. Period. My collection has more than 1,600 films (93% on DVD) and of them, more than 300 are gay and lesbian themes. I almost do not own all the gay movies that have been made, but I feel comfortable stating that I buy almost all the gay videos of interest that are released, and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes, this is a pleasant surprise: Aimee and Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania and Normal are examples of excellent gay titles that I accidentally found. So, when I read in the box that BEN AND ARTHUR were referring to a conflict between lovers of gays and the Christian right, one of my favorite topics, I decided to ignore myself without being seen, despite my disappointing purchase of another title. of CULTURE Q CONNECTION, VISIONS OF SUGAR PENS. That movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, it looked like GONE WITH THE WIND. So, what was so wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? Much! To begin with, the "plot" as it was, was totally ridiculous. This movie almost made me sympathize with Christian law? we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because their brother is gay, but a priest would actually set up a mafia-like execution of a gay couple to save their souls (as if this made sense) . The writing is so deficient that many scenes make no sense at all, and several plot points do not reflect any logic, trace or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends for the gay activist / right-wing conflict on both sides, and the acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine how they hired someone in this movie. The characters that are supposed to be heterosexual are almost without exception clearly homosexual, and have almost no stereotypes; The gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This movie is enough to keep anyone from buying gay-themed videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage this image has over my other purchase of CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with a clear dialogue. Hardly a distinction, since the script is so insipid that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this movie is. It's a shame for the Queer culture, and I intend to warn everyone I can before they waste their money on it. At $ 9.95 this movie would have been too expensive; I understand that it will soon be re-priced below $ 20, which is still a highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt more cheated in my life. The only real laugh connected with this nonsense are the criticisms? I have seen "user reviews" for this movie on numerous websites, and there are always one or two that "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the critic is a friend of this aspiring Ed Wood. How sad. How desperate I only wish that IMDb allows you to assign zero stars, or even less zero. If ever a movie deserved it, this is it.
