If there was a movie that deserved a 0 out of 10, it would be this one. 'House of the Dead' redefines the term "bad movie". Other bad movies, like 'When A Stranger Calls' or 'Premonition', will look much better compared to 'House of the Dead'. The "plot" basic of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty-somethings who travel to a remote island to attend the "rave of the century". When they get there, they only find some tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and soon they are attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing that redeems about this movie. It is not entertaining. On the other hand, it is painful to see him because of how terrible it is. The acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors stated that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when he is doing a good job or a bad job in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script seems to have been written by an 11-year-old boy, who decided to include a scene of someone throwing up on a girl's chest and include the hilarious line, "it smells like someone farts here." The characters have no personality or depth and do some of the stupidest things that have been seen in a horror movie. At some point along the way, the characters are magically transformed into a SWAT team to kill the zombies. It is as if they did not even have to aim their weapons and shoot the zombies in the head automatically. <br /> <br /> The scariest thing about this movie is the direction. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is surprisingly disjointed. Their pans to zombies that run through the forest are more foolish than threatening. Worse still, Boll really thought it would be a good idea to include small fragments of images from the House of the Dead video game in the movie. Very often, and in the most random moments, you will suddenly see an animated zombie that is shot. Has no sense. No one in their right mind would think it was a good idea. It's as if Boll would like to repeatedly remind us that this movie is supposed to be based on the video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be great to include 360-degree rotating shots in slow motion during the action scenes, to the 'Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does it too often and every shot is nauseating. The soundtrack of this movie also stuns the mind. Most of the action scenes are accompanied by a strong rap track. This also adds to the following headaches caused by the atrocious 'Casa de los Muertos'. <br /> <br /> 'Casa de los Muertos' is not bad because it is based on a videogame. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the category of "so bad that it's good". However, it fits into the category of "so bad that it is painful". This movie just sucks. Uwe Boll should never be left near another set of movies. Even his presence will curse a production. To all the directors: every time one of your films receives a bad review, all you have to do is remember that you did not do 'House of the Dead' and you will feel much better. I will never recover those 90 minutes of my life again. To summarize, words really can not describe how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Although what I have said can make 'House of the Dead' sound funny, it really is not. None of that is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
