When George C. Scott played the lead role in "Patton," he saw him directing the tanks with bombs from his fist, firing at the German bombers with a revolver, and throwing blasphemies at superiors and subordinates alike. Most of the action we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur," a figure from the same war of considerably greater accomplishment, is when he touches the maps with his finger and raises his famous eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Comparing Peck's The performance with Scott may be unfair. However, the fact that "MacArthur" was created by the same producer and was written down by the same composer, which causes parallels to occur, as does the fact that both films open with the generals who address the cadets in West Point. For me it is clear that the filmmakers wanted to imitate that Oscar-winning film a few years before. But while Peck seems to be the most important part of what he ever did, he appears in a story that looks less like a drama than a Wikipedia guide about MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "To this day, there are those" Who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived, "says an opening title. a fragment typical of the post-Vietnam sophistication of those who led the United States Army for much of their time, but what we get here is not a vision, MacArthur, as presented here, does not get angry or inspire he did it in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who went on to direct the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge," does a work of numbers painting with bland battle montages and an obvious joint use (like when the Chinese attack the US forces in Korea), while the script of Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins trots a MacArthur who is so kind to the point of folly, a little too caught up in his public image, but never less than decent. <br /> <br /> Here the v is getting off the landing boat that returns to the Philippines. There he sees him addressing Congress in his speech "The old soldiers never die". For a long period of time, he sits in a movie theater in Toyko, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so that we can continue with the story while the news reports detail Japan's ascent from the ashes under his enlightened government . Peck's co-actors, Marj Dusay as his devoted wife ("you are my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal assistant, glisten teary eyes in the direction of his companion's magnificence, but do not generate any interest in themselves. <Br /> <br /> Even when arguing with others, Peck never raises his voice and, for the most part, earns his arguments with thundering eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz suggests delaying the recovery of the Philippines, a point of personal pride and also of tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur returns with the comment: "Just now, while listening to his plan, I thought he had seen our flag fall." doubt, the real Nimitz would have had something to say about it, but the character in the movie simply bows his head and meekly accepts the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. <br /> <br /> The only person in the film that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry S Truman, with whom Ed Flanders does a good job despite a nasal prosthesis that makes him look like Toucan Sam. The dismissal of MacArthur by Truman should be a dramatic highlight, but here takes place in a quiet conversation during dinner, in which Peck plays MacArthur as nothing less than a great martyr. <br /> <br /> I've never been sold by Peck standing in the upper pantheon of screen stars; It offers a great presence, but lacks complexity even in many of its most well-known roles. But it is unfair to rob him so much here, since he receives little help to define MacArthur as anything more than a talking boredom. Except for two scenes, one in which he attacks the surrender of the Philippines ("He hit Old Glory and ran a sheet!") And another where he suffers a mini-breakdown while waiting for the invasion of Inchon by the US. UU In the White House, Peck really plays Peck here, not the complex character that inspired the famous nickname "American Caesar." The true MacArthur could have been worthy of such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than of Shakes the Clown.
