Okay, I'm not a big fan of video games, but was the House of the Dead game famous enough to make a movie? Sure, they went so far as to put fast video game clips throughout the movie, as if they justified a particular violence scene, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with the hand at the bottom of the screen. Screen, supposedly yours, with any weapon and with all kinds of aliens or undead or snipers or whatever the case may be. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting premise in House of the Dead, with lots of college kids (college kids CHARGED, so to speak, kids who can pay a fisherman something like $ 1,500 just for a trip after losing his boat) trying to get out on this island for what is supposed to be the rave of the year. The first thing that comes to mind about House of the Dead after seeing it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise to find creative ways to make many Teenagers with little clothes enter exactly the same situations At least in this case, the fact that they were on their way to a rave excuses the way girls dress. They look bad out of place running through the woods in cute little halters, but at least THOUGHT they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, who is the most interesting character in the movie. , offers an absolutely horrible performance, whose greatness eclipses all the other actors in the film. I can not stand it when the known actors change their accent in the movies, it is rarely effective, and here Howard shows that it is equally flat that a well-known actor pretends that he is a hardened fisherman with a hoarse voice. Years of breathing salty air. It did not even scrape well. It sounded like he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled some powdered sugar or something. Very hard there, Clint! I expected more from him, but once again, he agreed to participate in this mess. <br /> <br /> Once we get to the island, the movie temporarily becomes any of the movies on Friday the 13th that took place at the Crystal Lake camp. Many teenagers are played by actors who were too old to have their parts undressed and then killed. The nudity was impressive, I suppose, but let's consider something for a minute. These children pay almost two thousand dollars to go to this island to go to Rave Of The Year, not find anyone and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled that stack of hundreds of dollars out of his wallet to take them all there thought of nothing that found a full bar and not a single lonely person in sight. Here is the opinion of the director Uwe Boll: There is alcohol! They will not realize that the party they came for is not composed only by themselves! <br /> <br /> So they do not just start drinking, not caring about the fact that the whole party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls goes to the dark forest to find out where everyone is (dragging to another girl and one of the boys reluctantly), the boy and girl who are left to be crushed decide it would be a great idea to get undressed by a quickie now that they are alone. It is as if they expected to find the island empty, and now that the rest of the people they came with left for a while, they would have some privacy since there is no one else around. Sparkly! <br /> <br /> Now, for the things that everyone hated, judging from the reviews I've read about the movie. Yes, footage from the video game is interspersed in the film, mainly to show that yes, the film was faithful to / directly copied the video game. Sure, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who invented that little nugget, but worse than that is the Matrix-style bullet scene that was launched over and over and over and over again. After the first time (at that time it seemed pretentious and corny that a film like this had a picture like that, as if it were something original), it is more noticeable by the technique of the image rather than by any dramatic meaning or creation. of any kind of tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a zombie movie scary and puts you on the edge of your seat is to make them go slowly but relentlessly behind the living humans, who are much faster but are They are getting tired, they are running out of places to run and with a frightening shortage of things to fight against the zombies. The first two are ready in the film, the children are terrified and do not have many places to run since they are on an island, but since they met a smuggler, they are heavily armed. And I say it very strongly. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which removes most of the tension from the impending living dead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since the rave never happened, and I guess since Uwe Boll thought that people would be disappointed not to hear any techno music in the movie, there is a scene in the middle where all humans fight against the undead, and surprisingly It becomes something of a music video. There is techno music at full volume, as the shots are edited together faster and faster until it is nothing more than a blur of bloody shots, mostly of only 5 frames (approximately 1/6 of a second) that blink on the screen at the same time as the speed techno. music. Intelligent, I suppose, but it has no place in a horror movie because it completely eliminates any sense of fear or tension, even by the raw effect, because you can not see anything for a sufficient time to react to it. You're just watching these shots flying around the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to include something like this in the movie. <br /> <br /> I have seen many people compare this movie with Resident Evil, mostly claiming that it copies the premise of it, and they are absolutely right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case in Resident Evil, it was not a man made virus that turned people into living dead who could infect other people, changing the way vampires convert others in vampires. 28 Days Later was also clearly an inspiration for this movie, it's just a shame that House of the Dead has not done a single original thing, except for the somewhat absurd idea of ​​including quick shots of the video game on which it is based. , just in case you forget. I really think that this should have been a much better movie. Although obviously I can not say that I know much about the game on which it is based, only the title and the poster of the film deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think that is the case more often than not with horror films. It is really a bit sad when a movie that is announced as obviously as a horror movie without limits, and the most terrifying of the whole movie is the final shot, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.
