Lynn Hollister, an attorney from a small town, travels to the nearby big city for business related to the death of her friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man despite the Christian name that sounds feminine.) Were the writers trying to make a sarcastic reference to the fact that John Wayne's birth name was "Marion"?) Hollister initially believes that death Johnny's was an accident, but he soon realizes that Johnny was killed. Additional investigations reveal a network of corruption, crime and electoral fraud connected to Boss Cameron, the main light in the political machinery of the city. <br /> <br /> That sounds like the plot of a thriller of criminals, possibly made in the style of black cinema that was beginning to be popular in 1941. It is not. "A Man Betrayed", despite its theme, is more a light romantic comedy than a criminal drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's attractive daughter, Sabra, and then the film focuses on both her resulting romance and the elements of suspense. <br /> <br /> This movie could have worked if it had been done as a serious serious drama. One critic asserts that John Wayne is not credible as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every movie, and a tough crusade lawyer who takes up the forces of organized crime would probably be on his compass. Where I agree with that critic is when he says that Wayne was not an imitator of Cary Grant. The romantic comedy was simply not on his street. One of the weaknesses of the study system is that the actors can be required to perform any part that their bosses ask them, regardless of whether it was on their street or not, and how Wayne was one of the few leading stars working for Republic Pictures. I undoubtedly wanted to get the most out of him. <br /> <br /> That said, not even Cary Grant himself could have made "A Man Betrayed" work like a comedy. That is not a reflection on his comedic talents; It is a reflection on the total lack of fun material in this film. I doubt that anyone, no matter how well developed their sense of humor, can find something to laugh about. The cheerful tone of the film does not make it a successful comedy; it just prevents you from taking it seriously like anything else. This is one of those movies that are neither fish nor meat nor bird nor good red herring. 3/10
