First of all, I did not know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' before I saw it. I had no knowledge of the controversy over the role play behind it or the fact that it was a movie made for television. When I looked at the cover (the updated DVD) I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like 'Legend', with Tom Hank as the nerd hero of the land of the 80s, entering a mythical world to save a princess from a labyrinth evil. Monsters It sounds exciting, right? That's what the cover suggests at first glance. I was given this movie as a gift, obviously under the same premise because my aunt knows that I like action movies with a medieval myth theme. And he has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I introduced this movie, hoping for a good movie with Tom Hanks in a special effects world of the 80s that would be good to laugh at. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before continuing, I will confess that I am a nerd, but I have no interest in RPGs. That's what this movie is about, so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) It's not even a role-based movie with adorable geeks who use their imagination to enter a world of awe. Do not! This is an anti-role film that must have been made by some religious people (the same people who also believe that Barney is the work of Satan). I understand that Satan is a cunning guy but I do not think he is desperate. enough for the soul to lull the lovers of RPGs and adore it This movie is the anti-gamer movie of THEE. This is what I get from this movie: it hates role-playing games and not only makes fun of the people involved in the role play, but it also turns poor Tom Hanks into a mental patient. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', the poor guy was alone, but somehow Tom made his madness fun and literally saw volleyball as an adorable character through the good performance of Tom. I wish I saw that movie instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by a creator of the creator dragon (he looks like a badly made mascot for a RPG team) and has a split personality that is scary at best. Tom's performance only exceeds to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else. I understand that the poor man lost his brother and is not in the head because of that, so the movie earns points for being intentionally tragic. I'm not one of the movies that exploits mental illnesses and the end of 'M & M' made me feel like a cr * p. Fortunately, then I saw 'Hudson Hawk' and I laughed before my soul continued to be crushed. Yah, 'HH' surpasses 'M & M' by. . . much! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen (even "Saving Private Ryan" is not that depressing). I went in hoping to see a good movie and ended up feeling exactly the opposite. If you want to see a sad movie (both emotional and visual), then look at this. If this movie is to convey a message, it's this: "Do not play RPGs if you're Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
