Hi boy, this was a real test to pass. The DVD case has the Tom Hanks mug attached and that is the only reason why someone would buy it. In the box he seems to be about forty years old, however, the film was made in 1982, so he still has his Bosom Buddies collection and, of course, is about forty pounds less. The plot refers to a Dungeons and Dragons-type game played by Hanks and his three friends, and Hanks ends up thinking that everything is real. Chris Makepeace is a genius boy named Jay Jay and the best thing about the movie is that he wears a succession of funny hats. Ooh, look, he has a yellow helmet with a tuxedo! He is now dressed as a pilot of the First World War! This was a really horrible movie but in a bad way. A group of veterinarians appear mainly as parents of children. There's Anne (I'm Honey West, damn it!) Francis and Louise Sorel, who actually look a little hot. Murray Hamilton, the mayor of Jaws, has an ungrateful role as a policeman. Wendy Crewson, it's the love interest of Hanks and a blond guy I've never seen before or since. There is some honeyed music here and there, and there is no tension or feeling of danger or emotion. There is a monster that only Hanks can see because he, you know, is crazy. The monster is played by the deceased, the great Kevin Peter Hall, who has a reputation as a Predator. A friend of mine took this out of the old discount box at MallWart and advised me to throw it in the trash without even looking at it, so naturally I had to see if it was as bad as all that. Was. The night before, I saw Apollo 13, so after that, this movie was a bit shocking. Do yourself a favor and leave it in the trash can. Oh, yes, after Hanks almost jumps out of one of the World Trade Center towers because of his delusions, he goes home to recover and is visited by his friends. Hanks' mother, a drunk Vera Miles, says that now she is doing very well, but when they walk to the lake to visit him in his tennis suit, he is crazier than ever. The end
