The psychology of this movie is really strange to try to solve. It is often presented as an anti-RPG movie, but it is not really that simple. Here are the apparent contradictions that make me wonder what it is (if anything) they are trying to say about the games. <br /> <br /> They laboriously present all the characters in the home life as an introduction, all with parents. who are divorced, alcoholic and totally out of touch with their lives, except at times when they are pressured to succeed. It could be said that Tom Hanks is the worst, since he just failed at another school and still deals with a brother who disappeared and may be dead. <br /> <br /> It is mentioned a couple of times that they play the game to solve problems in their real lives. And indeed, in the end, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), everyone is happy and well adapted, they embark on their adult careers, solve problems, keep the games (Daniel does not even want to design computers) games anymore), and Even Robbie's mother, who has been constantly drunk and dissatisfied, is suddenly the happy Housewife, looking fresh and bright and arranging flowers. <br /> <br /> Sure, JJ suddenly (and apparently quite happily) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be completely because he is a genius of a lonely child who can not get a date, and not because his character He dies, as in the famous Jack Chick's tract (which happens afterwards, anyway, and it seems that he does it on purpose so that he can finish the Daniels game and have them all come to play theirs. of the live action game In the caverns it seems to be the only thing that prevents him from committing suicide!) And in what can be the most amazing scene of the entire movie, Kate, with a very attractive look in the chain mail, look to the camera and it says something like, "The most terrifying monsters are the ones that are in our own minds." <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this movie are the two robbers who ignore the rich couple so they can steal the dirty beans from the magical bean and homeless. The recurring theme (a "The Way We Were" for the 80s) might have been poignant in the end, but as a way to start a movie it's downright depressing and seems out of place. And for a final mystery, our hero, dressed in the full dress of Pardu, has a psychotic rest, becomes his character completely and embarks on his quest, so, of course, the first thing he does is change clothes street of the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> So maybe the movie is irrational, but I guess it's an irrational subject. In those days, a circle of children with dice and pencils was considered contaminated and possibly possessed, and you could go crazy if they spoke to you in a low voice. The anti-game paranoia is pretty well summarized in the first scene, where the reporter asks the police what is happening, the policeman says that a child lost in the tunnels and that there is a possibility that Mazes and Monsters are involved. The reporter admits to being vaguely familiar with the game (although he allows his own children to play it), then he turns to the camera and pulls out a polished roll that blames the game for everything and admits no other explanation. In the end, it is not a masterpiece, but it is interesting as the movies made for TV.
