A few weeks ago, the German radio station "SAT1" announced this film as the "TV event of the year"; I'm sorry, but this year I've seen better things on television. <br /> <br /> I did not do it. I thought a lot about the movie, but soon I remembered two other horrible movies when I saw the commercial, namely, Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the image seemed very familiar to me: the "heroine" (if I can really call her that) in the middle and her two "loved ones" next to her: Pearl Harbor, anyone? In fact, the love story is the version of a poor man in Pearl Harbor, and that was bad! <br /> <br /> But even though I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decided to see that garbage. The film begins when a doctor leaves his family for the military attack on Russia near the end of the Third Reich and promises his wife that he will return. Now we advance to the spring of 1948: Germany lost the war and the allies and Russia captured the country and both try to eliminate each other by world power and their ideologies: capitalism against communism. Well, I guess you already know the story because you have to know it: the film does not really care that much and literally ignores historical facts. The film tries to represent the US government. UU As angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during the airlift, especially Great Britain, which was responsible for almost a quarter of the rations even though their country was bombed from a country they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was also quite annoying were the historical comments that people said in the film like when the heroine's mother tells her daughter that Germany could be divided in two with an answer like: " That's impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought that we only keep the mustache looking similar in the actor and he will look like him) says that Russia has to prevent "Coca Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yes, of course, if Stalin has ever said something like this. Or there is an American pilot who tells his partner a bread with meat and everything in it. Please! The hamburgers were invented BEFORE that moment. <br /> <br /> In the movie, once you see a map that shows the airlines, interestingly, the map seems to come straight out of a laser printer, in '48. The general of the USA UU., Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin is presented as a mean and bad-tempered guy and all the ideas that historically had as, for example, the airlift and the improvement of that idea came from the fictional character Phillip Turner, the Love Interest of the main actress that leads me to other aspects: there are not enough African-American soldiers in the movie, there were like two in the whole movie! In addition, relations between American soldiers and German civilians were not allowed and, when such a relationship was revealed, the American soldier would have been sent home. I do not want to say that there was no relationship at all, but in this movie there was a couple who almost got married. If it were not for the death of the pilot in his fake CGI plane, it seemed terribly unreal, especially the CGI. Fire! <br /> <br /> If it was not enough, all the Americans in this film spoke German without an accent, although they were only in Germany for a couple of months. Look, I'm also an American who lives in Germany. Life and I even have a little accent. Notably bad was also the child acting, the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-see-monotonous-as-a-robot" and smiling. <br /> <br /> Everything in the whole movie was boring from beginning to end too slow, especially the love story that was the same as in Pearl Harbor with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was very successful: 8.97 million saw the first part and 7.83 million the second part the next day, so SAT1 received two consecutive victories in the overall market share and a huge gain in the relevant business group . But as I always think: the biggest pile of garbage is where most flies go.
