First, I must mention that I really enjoyed the previous movie "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl") of ISHII Katsuhito. Although he had a debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction", Ishii's cast was on track to carry the story, and the whole movie crackled with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly attractive. There was action, intrigue, strange characterizations, enough sex to keep things interesting, and a completely unpredictable story. <br /> <br /> So it was with some anticipation and optimism that I started to see "Fiesta 7". And my enthusiasm certainly woke up with the opening credits, which left my wife and I really surprised by how dynamic and exciting they were; The mix of anime and live work was great! Then, the real movie started. Actually, not so much "started" as a kind of shuffling in the side door and he stayed there, rummaging through his pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole movie takes place in three rooms. One is the paradise of a futuristic voyeur (taken a bit from the "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is the office of a travel agent and the third (and the most used) is a shabby hotel room. In that room, a cast of seven characters meets and ... does almost nothing. Really. I'm not oblivious to the films that "speak". One of my favorites of all time is "My Dinner with Andre", the most talked about movie of all. "My dinner with Andre" is much more exciting, and he only has two middle-aged men talking about their lives during dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally only complains about the whole movie. "No, you do not!" "Yes!" "No not really!" "If I really do it!" "No, really, really not!" Yes, really ... "I can think of the idea, I hope, I wish the manager had had. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an incredibly interesting movie. There are only the weakest plots (money stolen from the Yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took the disposable conversation moments of the Tarentino films and built a whole movie around him. But Tarentino's conversations always have their own inner logic and ingenuity ("They call it" Royale, with cheese. ") Not so with the dialogue here, which is more boring than you can imagine. Gashuin's hilarious cameo (which is always wonderful) and a discreet performance of the amazing ASANO Tadanobu, would have given "Party 7" a single star, it really was a task to do all the way.
