Since I saw the other three, I thought I might also catch this done for the fourth part of the Omen series. As an independent film, this movie is mediocre; but as a sequel to the 1976 masterpiece; It's a farce The movie follows the same route as many series that happen when you're running out of ideas; being that the idea of ​​changing the male leads to a female. It is always obvious that this film was made for television, since the performance is very standard, the plot lacks ideas and the gruesome murder scenes that were seen in the previous three remain at a relentless minimum. The film maintains a thread with the original, which I will not reveal even though it is obvious; That revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the movie. The foundations of the plot largely copy Richard Donner's original and they see a young couple adopt a child, whom they call Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, fortunately). There is a large dog involved, and a child caretaker; and very soon, the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; how she is menstruating at age eight, and she never suffered from any illness ... <br /> <br /> The first two sequels of The Omen were not all bad, and the series really should have ended at number three. I guess there was money involved somewhere in the line, since there is really no artistic reason why this movie should have been made. He brings nothing to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing he is likely to do is to annoy the fans of the series. The film looks and feels like a television movie in its entirety and, for the most part, is presented as a film about the problematic upbringing of a girl. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she is the Antichrist, since her looks are redundant and most of the "evil" she does is ridiculous. Faye Grant is assigned the most meaty role, and it does not impress; while the rest of the cast regrets having agreed to star in such a terrible loss of time. The only good thing about this movie is the melody of the theme, which, of course, has been torn from the original; and is used in excess In general, this movie really is not worth seeing; since it does not offer anything for which the series is famous, and does not even do justice to a second weaker sequel.
