And he did. It is through my experience that when a horror film reaches the status of "franchise", and subsequent titles are released thereafter, all of them, in turn, are affected by an inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The Awakening makes no exception to this rule, introducing another small child who allegedly accepts his role as Antichrist, predicted by a religious prophecy. Have not we seen this before? Was not it enough that, in the span of three films before this release, we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror enthusiast like me, you will realize that it is common for a horror film to have many sequels and prequels to its credit, to fade into redundancy: Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to watch the fourth title of a series. In any case, there are times when you sit down and you realize how shameful some filmmakers are. Omen IV: The Awakening is just that, also a blatant exercise to earn money. <br /> <br /> This movie does not offer anything new or intriguing to the Omen line. As unique and genuine as Omen IV tries to be compared to his brothers, the similarities and devices of the plot are shamefully similar. Elements such as the guard dog, the participation of a priest, the skepticism of the people involved, the decapitation death scene (clearly a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass) ... Parental involvement in politics and prestige within the community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to star in a B-rated cast in a horror title so far in a series, the performance is off the charts, full of ridiculousness and unintentional humor due to some of the poor lines delivered throughout this movie. The environment has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in the previous films has been replaced by an auditory debacle; an absolute joke, and it made me wonder if it was really meant to be used for this movie or just taken from a file "audio bank" ... what really says something, because I rarely comment on the lousy misuse of a Musical score - so far. <br /> <br /> In general, I would call Omen IV: The Awakening a failure. In the world of horror films that carry a long list of titles behind them, some manage to reach the brand and others do not. If you are interested in creating another notch in your worn horror belt, as I am doing it to complete, maybe you can carve this title too, if it were not for an entertainment value, to appreciate when a movie is running correctly, or badly .
