Omen IV: The Awakening begins at 'St. Frances Orphanage 'where Sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) gives her daughter and husband Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) whom they have adopted, they call her Delia. At first things are going well, but as the years go by and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows, Karen suspects her as death and disaster follow her, Karen is convinced that she is evil herself. Karen then discovers that she is pregnant, but discovers a sinister plan to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and is surprised when she discovers who Delia's real father was ... <br /> <br /> Originally for Directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard who resigned or was fired and was replaced by Jorge Montesi who completed the film, although the reason he got upset is an assumption as Omen IV: The Awakening is absolutely terrible and a disgrace compared to his illustrious predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is hilariously bad, I'm not sure that this nonsense looks as good as the word written on a piece of paper, but there are so many wrong things that I find so hard to believe. Like a serious movie, Omen IV: The AWakening falls flat on your face and really works better if you see it as a comedy parody, I mean the scene towards the end when the Detective comes face to face with a bunch of the zombie singers Carol who are singing an ominous gothic song have to be seen to believe them and I thought it was absolutely hilarious and ridiculous in equal measure. Then there is the useless difference between this and the other Omen movies in which this time is a girl, the question I ask here is why? Really why? There is no reason at all and it is not used to any effect anyway. Then, of course, there is a stupid turn at the end that claims that Delia has kept her brother's embryo within herself and that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of Satan worshipers, she has been implanted in Karen so that can give birth to the Antichrist. It comes as a simple fool. At first, it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is, but unintentional hilarity gives way to complete boredom sooner rather than later. <br /> <br /> It is obviously impossible to know how much of Omen IV: The Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything was not right behind the camera, since it is a film of poor quality and bad made that was made for television and shown with tasteless, flat and unimaginative cinematography and design. Then there is the total lack of fear, atmosphere, tension and blood, which are the main elements that made the previous Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been quite low and the movie seems like it was. The best of Omen IV: The Awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises in the air while Delia moves away to reveal a cross in the form of a crucifix made by two superimposed paths, but this is the last previous shot. The list of final credits says everything. I have to mention the music that sounds horrible, more suitable for a comedy and with a very inappropriate sound. The acting is fine at best, but as usual, the child gets upset. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: The Awakening is silly, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and ends up looking stupid. The change of director probably did not help either, that's not an excuse. The last Omen movie to date after the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), all far superior to this one.
