Only the Antichrist could be behind such a disaster. Only this irony is expected to be the motivating force behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad that it forced me to register in IMDb, finally, only to be able to destroy it. What makes this film even more tragic is that it had a BIG font material. I have never seen a movie where all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre as to make the result less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> It may seem insignificant, but I would like to start with the score. . As a proud owner of a music degree, I must register my outrage. He was torn between laughter and dry commotion as he listened to what John Scheffer was doing with Goldsmith's brilliant score; it was much more frightening than any of the burlesque death scenes, and almost as inadvertently comical. It was by far the most inappropriate score I've heard since, well, I really can not think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... I'm sorry. Mysticism of the new era ??? What happened to the gritty realism of the original trilogy? In those films (more so in the first two than in the third, but still!) The supernatural was largely implicit, and it was this subtlety that made the films so incredibly believable. Here we have crystals that are turning black (calling all Skeksis and mystics!) And inverted crucifixes in abundance, although in certain scenes the crucifix would be perfectly normal except for the camera angle. The refined psychological manipulation that touched the discomfort inherent in our collective psyche was over: in its place, a "slap in the face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add to that a main "actress", so incredibly that, for which he thanked the director fervently for the scenes in which he is absent. I have never seen a girl so irritating since Stephanie ruined EVERYTHING IN THE FAMILY. <br /> <br /> Aside from that, I do not have strong feelings on the subject ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are skillful enough to make this wasted train of celluloid shock unimportant or, at most, , a study on how NOT to make a movie. The spectator is saved! It can induce vomiting if you're lucky.
