After only 15 minutes of starting this movie, I began to miss Zhang Yimou's earlier and heavier films that looked at China's politics and society from unique perspectives. His return to martial arts films was a serious mistake in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst film since Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complex story and a more wooden performance than that found in a John Agar movie. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for some years (and understands and can speak some Mandarin), I am sure that my opinion is different from many others, since I come from a different environment. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie, and it certainly is not a wuxia pian movie. There is no sword or sorcery or elements of chivalry here. This is a vehicle completely different from the infinitely more visible films like A Chinese Ghost Story (3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. While all of them presented charismatic clues that seemed to be really enjoying what they do, SMMF presents a smooth and, at times, laughable dialogue, combined with the cardboard performance. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person and Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority with this movie that is quite insulting. It is taken so seriously that in the end it becomes a great joke. All the actors seem to be the most important piece of celluloid in history, they destroy any possibility of transmitting emotions, and their lack of complete humor really makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou was making a movie per se, or just a showcase. (that is, an "ego reinforcement") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally kissing her face and she is sexually assaulted not once but twice in the movie. His range of performance has not really extended beyond his ability to play with a "w" naive itch. She is so focused on her performance, that she feels cold and lifeless, as if she were reading her lines on a note card. It is so much fun to listen to the critics and the American film staff (like Quentin Tarantino, completely confused) to call this film a masterpiece. I suppose if they see on the screen a group of Asian actors who seem really important as they fly through a bamboo forest, they are made to believe that it is a brilliant movie. The choreography of Ching Siu Tung, although still retains its style, editing and characteristic postures, lacks the vitality and originality of his previous films such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the wiring in this movie is really unsatisfactory, and if there is mediocre / obvious wiring, then it probably should not have been filmed at high speed. The same goes for special effects that have a different B movie feel. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown) without taking into account the logic, turns, climbs and banks as if there were a small pilot inside . I know that logic does not really occupy a place in the stylized Chinese martial arts movies, but if you do not want to cause a lot of giggles in your audience, then you should probably work a little more on your composition. What awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu is the melodrama of masses, the dramatic moments with no intention of having fun, the boring scenes of struggle, the twists of the plot really without inspiration. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou is no longer making films for the Chinese public. This is bound to make its way into the Western market just like CTHD did. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he definitely has the right start. SMMF is basically the ghost threat of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought that Hero was bad.
