Well, then I rented this clown-like-Chainsaw-Slaughter-Escape movie, I did not expect much, but I liked the novel approach of a serial killer movie. (From the back of the box is the following synopsis) "At first, it was just a joke, a myth around the campfire, for five friends who were staying in a remote cabin in the Texas forest, but when they started to disappear One by one - One, replaced by bloody and scattered body parts and voodoo effigies, the few remaining fight over their lives, but he is out there, and he is sick, and all he wants is blood ... " that, obviously, from the first moment no. It does not make sense: to begin with, why is this clown in the woods? Why a clown? Why are your dolls drawn with the word "food"? Why why? Almost nothing is answered in this 1 hour 30 min. Bore party except where this clown lives. The characters are silly men, silly girls and a lot of malice. One in particular is a girl they brought from a restaurant on the street, who they thought should help because a guy she knew bothered her. What guarantees that as an excuse to bring a girl to your circle of friends or to your cabin? She, of course, begins to sow seeds of jealousy, making men have sex with her by feeding her dumb minds whatever they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music was a normal matter (standard frenetic keyboard music like in Every horror movie with no differences). The actors seemed to have been brought from a soap opera as they complained and complained about everything. The idea that the main guy in the movie takes this girl to the cabin as her first date makes it a horrible date, but, of course, she surrenders to him unreally the first night of meeting him. It seems that almost no budget was spent on anything, but there was a clown suit and a lot of cheap $ 1 dolls in the woods, which was a horribly insipid place to shoot this movie (it's been done too many times). I was also waiting for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the movie (maybe through the glass), but nothing exciting like that went into the movie. I guess you were supposed to like the clown to be a murderer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the movie a 3. It was an interesting premise (clown like the Texas Chainsaw Massacre character, essentially) and I'll give them a star for acting seriously when the movie could have been totally a B-style video, but opted for the most legitimate style of the video. But ultimately, I would probably have felt like renting the Killer Klowns from Mars video again before reviewing this again. Oh, but that art cover ... pretty impressive drawing.
