Far from giving you the dose of caffeine you expect from a movie that shares its name with most hot drinks that increase energy, Coffy despairs and never rises above being just a story of revenge. In fact, if the film were a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, filled with some undesirable stools and would lack a lingering aftertaste. It sporadically hits the place, but otherwise it is not the ardent drama of action it hopes to be. <br /> <br /> Regarding the argument, Coffy is a nurse who takes charge of the law and does justice. to the drug suckers, ladies, mafia suckers who hooked their younger sister into a depraved and sick state. The socio-political commentary on the plight of urban black youth in the United States is prominent in Coffy, and makes some reflective things become a crusade against political corruption and white racism that benefits and acts as a a parasite of African-Americans aim. The American minorities. Unfortunately, timely messages are undermined by the poor quality and lack of focus of the film. Coffy's ideas are important, it's just that they are not well oriented. <br /> <br /> One of the positive points of Coffy is the presence of the Blaxploitation icon Pam Grier. Grier takes on her role with enthusiasm and becomes an attractive heroine of action as she spits scum on her often spectacular acts of vigilante violence (how do you deal with a house full of hoods? Drive the car through the front door!). It is a pity that the plot wobbles at times, wasting time taking advantage of the greatest possible sexual exploitation. The low budget may not have helped, but neither does the fact that for a Blaxploitation movie, Coffy lacks rhythm. Just as problems are undermined by lack of quality, consequently, entertainment and emotion are also affected by moments of boredom and disorientation. <br /> <br /> The total result is professional and wooden. We got a hip heroine but not a hip movie. It's a shame, since Coffy has his moments and should be considered a key movie in the madness of Blaxploitation; it simply never rises above being an average, a warm number.
