I could not believe that this movie was 2007, it had all the look of a horror movie from the seventies below average. Did not they have any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI? Did not they know that in the post-millennium violence in a supposed horror and / or science fiction movie should be at least a bit graphic? Or was I mistaken in the purpose, it was supposed to be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, united in the great cycle of life, or a warning to humanity not to mess with Nature, or something like that? ? It does not really matter, anyway it went wrong and for me this movie failed on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all: the premise is very unlikely. If at any given moment you are able to replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist would initiate your first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, that is totally unprofessional. And do all this apparently without the informed consent of the patient? And why choose for eyes that have a totally unusual color for humans, and make the victim look like a phenomenon? By the way, I realized that all the real wolves in the movie had normal dark eyes like puppies, could not they have expected such a specimen? The story is scant, it's about this poor guy, Aaron, who gets these strange eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like the wolf-donor (or at least, that's what I think) and then he's chased by some military. . Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine the soldiers with night vision!) But as the operation fails due to the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, I can not understand why I go out to kill him . Why not leave it alone and look for another useful recipient? (A volunteer soldier maybe?). And why try to kill everyone who is involved with poor Aaron, is not it a bit steep? Anyway, who the hell are these military? I hope they are not the US Army. UU Or the government, behave like psychopaths, walk through the hospital waving automatic weapons, assault private apartments as if they were behind some public enemy # 1 and exhibit during the last show in the forest a total lack of discipline, as a group of Scared children at school, panicking and shooting randomly. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some unfathomable medical reason, feels like a wolf after transplanting his eyes. Why would that be? Suddenly he sees visions of wandering wolves. What is this? Are we supposed to believe that the donor wolf's memories are located in their eyes balls? And the recipient of these eye balls also adopts the wolf's desire for red meat (life) and can jump from a 30-foot-tall balcony and land unharmed like a cat (can a wolf even DO that?)). <br /> <br /> The performance (or the lack of it) did not help the credibility of all this: everyone stumbles through their lines like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she can be pretty but she just You can find an expression (irritated) and some disinterested murmurs about the strength of Nature, and I'm surprised why Aaron is suddenly on top of her (but hey, there probably had to be at least one love scene!). I really liked the actor Cory Monteith, who seems to be a good guy with a pretty attractive face, but they did not give him much to go. He has to run bare-chested for more than half of the movie, which might have been fun to watch, but then they chose someone with a more impressive physique better, Monteith should really leave his shirt on. His (few) murders and attacks are barely showing, we only hear some grunts and screams of fear and then there is another victim lying down and Aaron with some more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern science fiction horror! The only good performance came from Justine Bateman, and I really like to see how she has become a beautiful and elegant forty-something lady. He did what he could with his silly lines and even convinced me to be a doctor with good intentions, but they made his character a kind of puppet, whom the leader of these armies controls completely. What a pity that the script did not stop her a little longer! <br /> <br /> In the end, this is summarized in a stupid and quite boring film, hardly frightening or exciting, with incredible events, a lot of images of wolves that resemble the national geography. (Who cares?!?), Some pretentious Indian ramblings about Man and Nature and an uneven musical score with poppy songs at the most inappropriate times. I guess the word "superfluous" covers everything.
