The hybrid begins when the security guard of the planet of water treatment Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, the brilliant scientist Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron would be perfect for his first human experiment. Hewitt and his team transplant the eyes of a wolf to Aaron and he miraculously recovers his sight. Brilliant, right? Well, no, not really, since Aaron begins to go crazy seeing random images of Wolves and begins to develop a desire for blood. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and runs away, but it is too valuable to simply let go and a large-scale search is made to capture him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya, this is another Sci La Fi Channel's offer is simply terrible in every way possible, I think it probably started life as a direct 'creature feature' but ended up as one of the most boring and boring sci-fi movie movies I've seen that they do not have ' It does not even have any kind of monster or creature. The hybrid is horrible, the script is terrible and I'm not even sure who to appeal to. The initial setup is fine if Aaron has Wolf's eyes, but then Hybrid abandons the elements of science fiction and becomes a kind of horrible drama, since he focuses completely on Aaron's mental state while wondering if he does not Nothing in particular with any Native American woman. Yes, you do not think the science fiction channel can make a movie about Wolves and put a lot of trash on the mythology of Native Americans, right? The dynamics of the characters is strange, it shows Aaron as the persecuted hero, however, he is the only character that kills anyone in the movie and is a very unpleasant, ungrateful and annoying person, while Dr. Hewitt appears Like the evil scientist, but she gives Aaron back his sight and does nothing but try to help him. I mean, Aaron has returned the gift of sight, but is Hewitt the villain? In addition, the basic element of the science fiction channel of the US military intervention. UU He's present, the problem is, why do they want Aaron so much? He is not a soldier and, although he has the eyes of the Wolves to help him see in the dark, he is absolutely bland. The script can not make it a matter of mentality, whether it's all in Aaron's mind or it's real, the ending is hilariously bad with a half naked (remember this was made for TV) Aaron running through a forest with a pack of wolves in something horrible The music that I think is supposed to be emotional, but makes it even more fun. There are so many things that are wrong with Hybrid, it is slower than hell, there is practically no action, there is no Werewolves and the film turns in circles trying to get into Aaron's mind. However, everything is so ridiculous, silly and boring that you will not mind. bit and there's never an explanation as to why, even though only Wolves's eyes have been transplanted, Aaron begins to develop Wolf's other senses. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, demons, they operated on me in an important way. eye and I can guarantee that after an operation your eye will swell, you can not open it and it will hurt like hell, despite having received eye transplants as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, his eyes are perfect. There is no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood, no blood or violence, and nothing that excites you. In fact, now I think there is nothing remotely horror or science fiction about this, it feels like a monotonous movie of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba in Canada, the film looks good but is insipid and forgettable. The acting is bad of all involved, none of which I have seen before and I hope never again. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrible movie that is obviously marketed as a 'Feature of the creature' by Werewolve, but it is far from that and most people will really fight to get to the terrible end that will probably take you in stitches.
