The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant the eyes of animals and optic nerves to other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded by saving a co-worker at work; The scientist receives a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The receiver begins to be more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing more than "strange eyes" and runs at night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue too forced (I laughed out loud at some of the ridiculous talks), and the performance was too inept. The long portions of the film are nothing more than dream looks, spooky music and interspersed clips of wolves in nature. Too much time, even at 90 minutes, boring and without ideas. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use eye transplants to return sight to wounded soldiers, and presumably they want to militarize the technology. There is a secondary plot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while listening to music loaded with drums and listening to Indian singing: crazy man! The taking of love takes place immediately after a frightful murder, who edited this turkey? A moody "man of medicine" who makes embarrasses seems to do little, except for adding atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. A worker from the research laboratory enters the animal room to discover that the monkeys have left their cages. She gets scared, look at the monkeys on the left, turn right, turn left, turn right, turn left ... this goes on for a while (who edited this?). Run out of the damn lab! It was so stupid that I laughed. Another ridiculous scene: our hero is at home, he escapes through the window when the heavily armed military arrives. Leave the window open, the military go to the open window, look out the window and say "it looks like he was here". , and leave! He came out the open window, guys! Crazy <br /> <br /> Near the end of the movie, the military is firing machine guns again and again at the trees, when obviously there is nothing, it is easier to place the squibs, I suppose. They have 6 machine guns that have cut down trees, but they decide to fight our hero with 1 knife! Shoot the boy !! Who wrote this garbage? There is a pointless confrontation at the end, and believe me I am not ruining anything for you, there are not enough plans to ruin. <br /> <br /> I imagine that everything was a tax reduction or an urgent job. to make use of the unused budget money that is left of some better movie.
