I do not understand people. Why is it that this movie is getting an 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had high hopes for this movie, but once I was around half an hour, I just wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this site, people say that this is one of the best action movies they have seen (or summer, year, etc.). They say it's an excellent conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has come to the conclusion (besides the fact that Bourne can ride a motorcycle, shoot and fight better than anyone with whom he is)? What did you learn about Bourne's character in this movie? Absolutely f ****** nothing !!!!!!! Okay, there's a lot of action, but what's so great about the action in this movie? I do not like cinematography or film editing. The shaky camera effect and the quick-change shots were used TOO MUCH and they grow old quickly (I did not care about Supremacy because it was still easy to follow and not overused) and it made me dizzy. I wished I had quickly saved my money for something else. <br /> <br /> This movie has no plot. This whole movie is a 115 minute view chase. Bourne, of whom you learn absolutely nothing in the full 115 minutes of the film, is a perfectionist in everything he tries. There is absolutely no character development in this movie, you do not know anything about anyone, and there is a wide range of new characters presented in this installment. Some people said that this movie has an incredible writing and suspense. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What I write ???? What suspense? There is no suspense. Bourne is so perfect to do everything he does, I do not think he has anything to worry about. If this is the best movie of 2007, I can stop watching movies completely! <br /> <br /> Many people have also said that Matt Damon's performance in this film is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. What performance? How many lines did he have in this movie? I respect Damon because he has been in films that I liked and he has played different types of characters, but a good actor is someone who can barely be recognized from one film to another, someone who chooses different types of roles. It is not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (what Damon does not do, but an example of someone who does is Vin Diesel). <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie was a big disappointment to me. I do not recommend this movie, but I do recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and I definitely recommend reading the three books (which are very different from the movies).
