This low quality universal cooler has just been announced as an upcoming DVD release but, as part of a collection of similar movies that I already had in my possession, I decided to buy it from other channels instead of waiting for that legitimate release. Which is just as good, since the final result was nothing special (if it's decently atmospheric): to begin with, the plot is quite weak. Although it somehow anticipates Vincent Price's vehicle, THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), although without the enthusiasm of that film. What we have here, in fact, is a penniless sculptor (Martin Kosleck). Who we even see sharing his miserable plate of cheese with his pet cat! ?? who, finding himself at the receiving end of the vitriolic pen of art critic Alan Napier, once too much, decides to end all this by throwing himself into the nearby river. However, while contemplating only that action, Rondo Hatton's escaped assassin anticipates "The Creeper" and, naturally, saves the poor man's life with the intention that the latter man do all the dirty work for him in gratitude. Although supposedly set in New York art circles, all we see at work is Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Lowery (who keeps painting the sculptural blonde Joan Shawlee again and again in banal poses, how is that art?) who, conveniently, is committed to a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) of Napier's? In a short time, the latter is discovered with the spine broken and Lowery suspected; but then, when investigating detective Bill Goodwin, he comes up with the brilliant idea of ​​involving another critic to publish a scathing critique of Lowery's work (I did not know that the advertising sketches were reviewed !!) to assess how violent It will be your reaction! Meanwhile, Kosleck is fooled into believing that he is creating his masterpiece by carving Hatton's singular and sheer. and recognizable ?? a face that, if not to say, catches the attention of the visitors who visit Gray (they make us believe that he lacks material for his weekly column), much to the annoyance of the artist and the model. Disconcertingly, although The Creeper is fully aware of what Gray looks like (thanks to his aforementioned tormented Kosleck flea pad), does he fall out of Shawlee? Who had become Goodwin's girl by then? ?? in Lowery's apartment and, listening to Kosleck talk to (you guessed it) Gray about his intention to leave him as the fallen man of the police, sends the giant of slow intelligence to its extreme - even to destroy his own and complete stony image Interestingly, although this was the penultimate film of Hatton, his name in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introducing".
