How the sheep film that is made public is revealed so often. As soon as some critics say that something new is good (ie, "Shake-Cam"), everyone gets on the bandwagon, as if they were devoid of independent thinking. This was not a good movie, it was a terrible movie. 1) Parcel? - What plot? Bourne was chased from here to there, from beginning to end. That is the plot. Do not look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old boy armed with an old battered 8-mm film camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is a journey through the strength of amazingly amateur camera work. The ridiculous tremor of EVERY scene (I really mean all of them) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Credible? - Oh yes, definitely. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved the scenes about how Bourne was chased by the (local) police through the winding streets of the Tangier market. - I've been to Tangier. Even the guides can not navigate those streets, but Bourne shook 100 policemen with speed and finesse. Greengrass must be laughing head-first at the credibility of his film disciples. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was doing when he made this movie, but I want something! - Each scene has between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseous at the end of the film because of the stroboscopic effect of the "scenes" blinking. 5) Direct? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The movie seems to have really had no direction. More like a case of Greengrass releasing a copy of the script (the two pages) to the cameramen and said that "I filmed some scenes while I was drunk." - "Do not worry, boys, we will join the scenes in the editing room." The editor must be torn apart, feathered and placed in stock to allow this monstrosity to reach the silver screen. 6) Not one, but TWO main CIA agents who grant female treatment to the abused and misunderstood Jason Bourne. - Risking their lives for someone they could not even be sure was not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (While the evil male members of the CIA plan to dismiss any operative who even drops a paper on the floor). (Well, all men are evil, right? Except for SNAGS, of course). Yes, this is really a modern and politically correct film that shows the females as the heroes of the day and the oppressive males as the real threat to humanity. 7) When the one who knows what finally hits the fanatic, the good triumphs over evil (as he always does, huh?) And the would-be killer receives Jason Bourne - suddenly experiences a journey of guilt and abstains from pressing the trigger (Yes, to the right ...), at that same moment, the evil deputy director appears, gun in hand and he pulls the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and not even gasped? The wonders will never cease 8) Do not worry, there is a hearing in the Senate and the bad guys stop before the courts. Well, we can not have malicious, politically incorrect agents of the CIA shooting people, right? How nice to see a faithful to life p. C. Movie of the noughties. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is absolute rubbish.
