The amount of nonsense in this episode was greater than that of the first 9. They do not follow their own rules about spirits, where the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. He dropped a second body. That body, and Dean, fall about 20 feet from Sam but then they're right with Sam. The lanterns go off in an asylum without light, at night, and we can still see everything. It is night but light enters through the windows. A ghost that died in the 1960s is making calls to cell phones? Come on! There's no way Sam can get a psychiatrist to see him the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to Sam as if it were not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits still lurking and did nothing to help them. That does not seem to be something the Winchester boys would do. Oh, and after crawling on a dirt-filled mattress and around a nasty asylum, the girls' makeup and hair is perfect and does not stain their white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had problems, the premise was good and sometimes I was not scared, but I felt nervous when Dean was reading Elicots' diary. He simply knew that an object so intensely personal to the ghost would attract him to the person who violated his holiness. Elicot did not appear. Maybe it's the fault of such an important object or place (like Elicot's office) that the spirit must attract when a living being touches or enters. When they separate, I want to shout ... "This is how you die! Always stay together and look at others!" But they do not listen to me: o Elicot spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. audience, but I want the horror of Elicot who binds one of his victims and uses the anticipation of torture to scare us more. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the lighting problems I gave this one 4. The Sudden darkness or the flickering of the entire scene lighting while the flashlight is blinking is all the more frightening.The ignition of the lighter or the flashlight reactivation and instantly a spirit in your face is shocking .I understand that the directors want us to see Your scene, but then make an obvious mention or connection when Elicot touches an electrical outlet and the lights come on.Make the characters respond to the fact that an asylum without power suddenly has lights in the room. blue white blinks like electric arcs like the power of Elicot's fingers. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have done better.
