Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It is absolutely perfect, and therefore, the only aspect of the film that I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there is horror, there is even horror that takes place in the houseboats. But if there was ever a slogan for the movie poster, it would surely be 'Something bad this way ...' for Houseboat Horror is easily the worst Australian horror movie I've seen, not to mention one of the worst. Movies that I've seen, and a pretty heinous attempt to make movies in general. The good news is that it is so horrible that it navigates directly through the zone of contempt of the viewer towards the wonderful world of involuntary hilarity. It's worth seeing * because * it's horrible. <br /> <br /> The category of 'worst' does not come from history, for the simple reason that there really is one: a record producer, a film crew and a rocker. the band drives to the mysterious Lake Infinity, a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (actually Lake Eildon) to record a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there and, possibly in an attempt to do the audience a favor, begins to select them one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more disconcerting is the time it takes the survivors to realize this, <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like a very standard B movie slasher. You have very annoying young people, intolerant elders, creepy locals (one of whom, a gas station attendant, would easily win a shake contest), and let's face it, my description of the killer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the performance and production values ​​were as good as the comparative masterpiece that was on Friday the 13th of part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of these two things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, this only makes what you do become ridiculous and fun. The fans of Tony Martin, who no longer knew the program "Late Show" and "Get This", will already be aware of some of the real dialogue gems ("Take a look at the view ... you will block!") While the actual song accompanying the music video is so bad that you have to listen to it to believe it. I can not help wondering if writer / director Ollie Wood was really hoping it would become a success. I think the element of terror is comparable to that of the B-slasher of the genre and particularly of the period, but there were times when I could not help but imagine someone biting a hamburger off the screen and watching a tomato sauce spray sprinkled on the wall. on the screen. <br /> <br /> In fact, if you've been listening to Tony Martin recommending this movie as hilarious nonsense like me, I do not think you're disappointed. Any horror fanatic 'so bad is good' should not miss the opportunity. If you are going to 'swim' or not, it is another matter. If, on the other hand, you are looking for genuine excellence in the Australian horror genre, get a copy of the incomparable 'Long weekend' and do not look back.
