When the remake of When A Stranger Calls came out, he was obviously interested in seeing the original. Then, when I read about the original (I remember that my sisters had been completely scared in the day) I saw that the real money is in Black Christmas, which apparently beat everyone with the punch of "the caller is in the house " So Netflix that, and it's at the top of my list for months due to its "very long wait". All this time I am more and more anxious to see it! Then, one day, out of nowhere, it finally arrives! ... And it's a total snore. <br /> <br /> Sure, maybe I had high expectations, but I do not think I would have won more if I had seen it fresh. What happens is that it is Christmas in some Canadian university city, and there is a sisterhood of women who organize a party. We see some shots of murderous POVs while climbing this trellis and sneaks into the attic. So we know he is in the house. So we introduce ourselves to our characters? - Olivia Hussey as the naughty, weepy and with Canadian accent Jess. Margot Kidder as the annoying and openly aggressive alcoholic Barb. She is so upset that even her mother invites her to her Christmas parties. There is also this irritating clone of Janis Ian ("Phil") and this study's alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, who has been seen nibbling at the various bottles of alcohol she has hidden all over the house. We also know Peter, the very nervous boyfriend of Jess, played by Keir Dullea from 2001 and Bunny Lake is the lack of fame, although in the middle of the film he still asked me "What is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> So it seems that the house has been receiving obscene phone calls, but this was before the email, so they could not ask him to send a photo. So ... well, you know how they say that those plastic dry cleaning bags are not a toy? One of the sisters discovers it the hard way. Do not worry if you do not capture the first 14 shots from the face of the plastic-coated corpse when it rests in the attic. There will be 28 more interspersed throughout the movie, obviously to read "Oh, my God." God! There is a corpse in the attic! Although after the first hour that changes to: "How is it possible that the stupid police have not found the corpse encased in plastic in a prominent place in the attic?" Especially since it is quite clear that it is clearly visible from the outside of the house. Actually, any time before CSI went on the air it must have been a golden age of crime; The cops are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after a much more boring human drama, the mother of the house fears that her precious kitten has climbed a vertical ladder and opened a heavy-looking trap. door that rests on top of her (those cunning cats!), because she sticks her head in there and ends up with a hook pulley in her neck for the problem. Now we have two corpses in the attic? Hey, why do not we have 75 more shots trying to reassure us that there are now TWO corpses in the attic? <br /> <br /> So, for now the police have started to take the situation seriously, and knock on the phone of the houses and park an outside policeman. They inform Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if the obscene call calls again, they need to keep it on the phone. Jessica, who has become even more whiny, mousy and annoyed, keeps asking the caller "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" after the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he will not answer it. Is not that as a sign of a developmental disability? The inability to learn from failed attempts at something? And what will he do? Suddenly he says: "Oh, yes, hello, is Bob the laundry?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are piled up in bed with the ketchup splashed on their faces (the idea of ​​the blood film), and the idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window of the house is closed. Hello? Are you being harassed or what? Then, the policemen realize that the murderer is in the house and they call Jess and they say "do not ask questions, just do what I say: walk to the front door and get out". So what's the jerk Jess doing? He starts shouting "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hello, great sister idea. Now, why do not you go upstairs where you know there's a psychotic killer on the prowl? Of course he does, and he sees his old friends, all peppered with ketchup, which prompts this viewer to shout on the screen: "Do you have a clue now?" <br /> <br /> Now, obviously, one has to be understanding and realize that this movie was made before the classic tricks of the Slasher movie were solidly in place, and that it does not move to the the same rhythm we're used to, and seeing a corpse covered in plastic in the attic about 206 times was probably like that. in the past, and people were not used to being harassed by psychopaths, so they did not think, you know, to close doors or windows. And they might be tempted to wander upstairs when they've just been told that a rabid killer is up there. You see, people were stupid in the 70s. We have to understand that. One of the big surprises is that we do not even see our proto-Final Girl kill the psychopath. But believe me, this fact is more interesting to read in this review than in the movie. The spoilers end! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my website about bad and cheesy movies (with some good movies included). You can find the URL in my email address above.
