Unhinged was part of Nasty Video's censorship selection that the UK built in the 1980s. It keeps bloody things out of the hands of children, do not you know? It must have left many wondering what the uproar was about. According to today's standard, Unhinged is a small fairy tale. <br /> <br /> Three girls go to a jazz concert ... and immediately, you know that the body count will be quite low. They get lost in the woods and end up in a car accident that seems so fake that it's ridiculous. They are picked up by some nearby residents who live in the forest in a spooky house. One of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay up. Then he is talking. Talking about why girls are here and how they should have dinner on time because the mother does not like someone to be late. And more talking. Yakkity yak. Something of suspense is built when a crazy guy walks and harasses the girls, and someone's eyeball looks through the holes in the walls to the pretty girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I'm rambling because there's so much blah, blah, blah in this movie, that you wonder when the murders are going to start. In fact, one of the girls gets so bored that she walks alone in the woods in search of the town. Smart movement He probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the forest, but he just did not care. More conversations continue after this while we wait, wait, and wait a little longer until the next girl can be killed or not. <br /> <br /> And then there is the end of the turn. The "expected" unexpected for some viewers, for others a real blow. Possibly the ONLY reason why someone really wants to see this. I do not care how twisted it is, nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring moment I saw. Even with the least impact of the end, the director simply did not have what it takes to deliver a good story. I would have done a much better television episode from 30 minutes to 1 hour, for example, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really must get this for any reason, maybe just to say that you have seen all the movie slasher, do yourself a favor and have the fast forward button ready. Since the movie has so many unimportant scenes, just move them, and in a short time, you will reach the end of "WOW, that's all this time". Oh, and in the middle of the movie, there is a shower scene with two girls showing boos. Horray for boos. Those beautiful bees that make honey.
