If you sit down to watch Unhinged, it's probably because your ads, video boxes, whatever, scream that it was banned in the UK for more than 20 years (as practically all nasty videos do). It is true; Exploitation and taboo excite people and attract them with their promise of controversy. However, as I am a fan of exploitation, none of this was new to me. The ads that scream that the movie was banned in the UK do not necessarily make me want to see it; In fact, the first thing that usually appears in my head is how disgusting the British paranoid censors are. The way I got to see this is simple: he promised gore and it only cost $ 6.99. The price only alerted me to not having any hope that this is the next Halloween, but I never hurt a cheap refill of his DVD collection. However, I forced myself to see everything in one session, because I think that deciding to save the rest for another day makes you feel less inspired to finish. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I discovered that I had found the cheapest sleep aid that existed. I think distributors could make a fortune if they just changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> The Unhinged design is of any common type from the 80s. There are unnecessary shower scenes and gore exploiter. That is all. Anyway, it starts with a group of three attractive co-eds that collide with their car on the way to a concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are fine, one (Gloria) is seriously injured and is out of service for the rest of the movie. They are rescued and take refuge in a mansion (which does not have a telephone, of course) with quite strange occupants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a mother who hates men and constantly accuses Marion of infiltrating the house in order of Sleeping with them (echoes of psycho?). He also has a crazy brother who lives in the forest because his mother's hatred for men is so intense that he refuses to let her stay in the house. After meeting with Marion for a while, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide they should communicate with their parents. Despite everyone's warnings, Nancy challenges the dangerous woods to get to a phone (her fate is not hard to predict). After that, we see Gloria again, who is then quickly killed with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides something is not right with this picture and goes out to look for her missing friends. That may be easier said than done, however, with the crazy Carl hanging around? <br /> <br /> After seeing Unhinged, I read an overwhelming amount of criticism declaring that Unhinged worked perfectly because it took time to develop its theme that created a real tension at the moment of the moment of truth. Normally, I do not drag the opinions of other people into my criticisms (especially when they contradict my views), but in this case, I was so surprised by their reactions that I thought it would be important to mention them. This is because in reality, the film creeps. Normally, for the slow construction tactic to work, the public must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger. Oh, sure, we see that two of them are killed, but between that there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom. We are aware that there is a loose assassin, but this only focuses on the film three times; That means there is no reason to fear for the victims. Instead, the events of the film are not explained by the actions of the characters, but extend to us through a perpetual conversation. If there is one thing I can assure you of seeing this, it is that the scenes of characters that only talk to each other for 75 minutes are very tedious. None of this is helped by the atrocious acting. It seems that this was another case of the director who needed actors and decided to gather his friends instead of finding someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course, I would be a liar if I said there was not a part of the movie that I enjoyed. Specifically, the ending was one of the best I've seen in a slasher movie; You just do not expect that to happen. Knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular. Oh, I will not spoil it for you, nor will I say that the ending fully compensates for the rest of the slow motion movie, but it will definitely get your attention. Apart from that, the other two murder scenes bring at least some fast-paced material, but it's not like you can not tell exactly who was going to die within fifteen minutes of the movie. However, anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed; Those are the only gore scenes present. That and, of course, no scene can save a whole movie. I usually preach the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worse a movie is, the better it will be. Unhinged only captures a part of this concept. The whole movie feels warm to Luke; There is potential, it's okay, but the director did not have enough experience to make it work or he just did not know what the hell he was doing.
