Invisible Maniac begins when a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) watching a girl (Tracy Walker) shed his telescope ... Cutting "Twenty Years Later" and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters ) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible by using a "molecular reconstruction" serum. However, during a demonstration in front of his scientific colleagues fails and everyone laughs at him, Dornwinkle goes crazy, kills some of them and is locked in a mental institution that escapes. Two Weeks Later and a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the director Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she hired a replacement, yes, you guessed it. Dornwinkle. The student does not take it and treat it as trash, however Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual impulses and his desire for revenge ... <br /> <br /> Co-written and directed by Adam Rifkin who hides wisely under the pseudonym of Rif Coogan (I would not like my name to be associated with this type of film) The Invisible Maniac is really the bottom line. The script for Rifkin, I'm sorry, Coogan and Tony Markes is horrible. Try to be a teen sex / comedy / horror hybrid that simply fails in all departments. For starters, sex is just a few female scenes in the shower and some shots of tits, I have nothing much to fear and the birds in The Invisible Maniac are not even so attractive. The comedy is boring and all jokes are missing the proverbial mile, this is the kind of movie that thinks that someone who fights against an invisible man or that Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a phone call is funny. The Invisible Maniac makes the film series of the Police Academy (1984 - 1994) look like the pinnacle of sophistication. As for the aspect of horror, that is also scarce. It is also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has very annoying and unpleasant teen characters. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever you do absolutely nothing to try and make The Invisible Maniac an even a little pleasant experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere and, in general, the film is a real task to sit down. He does not do anything with the angle of invisibility, only a few doors that open themselves are as adventurous as they can be. There is very little blood or violence, a bit of blood spatter, a few strangulations and the only decent thing in the whole movie when someone blows his head with a shotgun, unfortunately was invisible at that time and we only see. the headless torso later. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been low, and I mean very low because this is a very cheap looking movie. The Dornwinkles lab is basically two jars on your bedside table! When he escapes from the mental institution, they send him a dog after him and the whole school has a dozen students and two teachers. Invisible Maniac is a poorly made movie throughout its 85 minutes, I discovered the mike boom on at least one occasion ... Let's say the performance is low level and do not look at it. <br /> <br /> The invisible maniac is shit, plain and simple. I have not found any redemption features, there are many more better movies you can see, so there's no reason to waste your time on this crap. Definitely one to avoid.
