Film critics of the world, I apologize. It is their job to advise the film audience so they can choose wisely where to spend the money. But I ignored your advice and I felt deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "The Cat in the Hat" was not made at random. You see, three years ago all the critics said that we should all avoid the "calamity" known as "How the Grinch stole Christmas." Then, some friends of mine took me to see it and it turned out to be a colorful, funny and almost hypnotic yuletide treatment. So when critics unleashed their fury on "The Cat in the Hat," another update from Seuss with a big budget and a big star in the lead role, I thought it must be the same old song. How wrong I was. <br /> <br /> For five whole minutes I thought it was clear. The opening credits are smart, the children are charming and the production values ​​are first class. Then the cat appeared. There are many problems as of this moment, but the biggest one was Mike Myers' lament. Where "The Grinch" was saved by the inspired cast of Jim Carrey, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very funny when your energies are applied where they belong, comic sketches. Every movie he made that was really fun was actually a comedy sketch, from "Wayne's World" to "Austin Powers." So try to do the same here, it's just that these comedy sketches are more like the things that stick at the end of SNL, they're not funny, they're just painful. It's not that the writers have helped him. After the charming prologue, the film becomes an hour of jokes of repulsive body humor, ill-programmed situations and insulting attempts at modern humor. This movie was the most daunting film experience I've had. Period. So much talent and work went into something so vile. I know that the adult stars of this film will be relatively unharmed by this disaster, I just hope that the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning have more opportunities to show their charms in much better films. If you are a father, please avoid this like the plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters, you have much better options.
