Hellborn begins when a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) resumes his residency at the crazy St. Andrews' asylum, or "mental illness center," as they like to call him there. With about 600 patients, Bishop meets his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and goes to work, receiving room 'A' where some seriously disturbed and dangerous patients are. If that was not bad enough during his first round of visits, Bishop finds a corpse and has threatening graffiti messages in his room. Bishop begins to hear patient stories about sinister events in the asylum and soon discovers for himself that the stories have more than a hint of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as Asylum of the Damned in the United States, this supernatural horror movie was directed by Philip J. Jones and I liked it, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory elements to enjoy it completely. The script by Matt McCombs takes himself quite seriously and I quite liked the basic idea behind some of his ideas, but there are some things that go against it. To begin with, the film is too slow, the story is pretty good and it is not delivered too soon, but it takes an absolute age to start and I was quickly losing interest with every minute that passed. I also thought that the final call to turn was too predictable and the end itself too soft and forgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story, the character, the stage and some of the ideas, but it's just too slow and frankly boring to keep you entertained for 90 minutes. It's one of those movies that I'd like to recommend, but in all honesty I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, this is actually a well-lit and quite atmospheric movie. I would not say there is nothing scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real insane asylum, but if it was not, they did a great job on set and the movie looks pretty good in general. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of blood or action, there are two wounds in the form of a handprint and a cut tongue and that is all, absolutely nothing more in terms of blood or blood that must be a disappointment. Depending on who you believe and what revision you read, the special effects are the worst or the best, as well as a devout observer of the low budget horror. I was very impressed by the effects, especially the demon, who looks very impressive and is a man. in a costume type effect instead of a terrible CGI computer graphic although it is an awesome costume. I guess everything depends on your expectations. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is good, it looks good and the lack of CGI computer effects is something I welcome. However, the performance is not very good, it certainly could have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a film that disappointed me, there were some good things, but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately surpass the good ones. Somehow I liked some parts, but as a visual experience of 90 minutes it would be totally impossible to recommend anyone.
