This is the "House of Exorcism" page, but most people have confused this movie with Mario Bava's masterpiece, "Lisa & the Devil", which explains the ridiculously high rating of this, "House of exorcism " When "Lisa & the Devil" was screened at film festivals in the early 1970s, it was a critical success. The audiences responded well to that beautiful gothic horror movie. Unfortunately, it was a bit ahead of its time and was considered too unusual and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No dealer would buy it. So the producer Alfredo Leone decided to edit 'Lisa', apparently with a chainsaw, eliminating almost half of the original film and adding new scenes, which he filmed two years after the original product. It is important to keep in mind that Bava had little to do with these new and horrible additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy and classy production. A few minutes after the film, the viewer is out of this world of dreams, because suddenly we see Lisa, (two years older and with a very different haircut), begins to writhe on the floor, making guttural sounds and songs like those of the head. "suck my co @ k", etc. Subtle, huh? And the movie continues like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful visual movie and a Z-grade "Exorcist" scam. Leone was trying to incorporate these scenes of shock, while keeping something like an intact story. He failed miserably. When the decision was made to basically destroy "Lisa and the devil", Bava himself refused, saying that his film was too beautiful to cut. He was right, and it must have been sad enough for this artist to see how his work is destroyed and thrown down the toilet. Many years passed before he saw the original "Lisa and the Devil" again, reappearing on nightly television. I had seen "Lisa" long before seeing this new version, and it was really disturbing to see one of my favorite movies "vandalized" in this way. It's worth seeing just out of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious disaster like the plague.
