But I doubt that many were running to see this movie. Or "Some ran out of the cinema." Well, that's a bit hard. <br /> <br /> The film begins in an unintentionally comic way: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (this already smells like clichés) and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: there is talk of he, everyone wants to talk to him, and all the women he meets flirt with him like there is no tomorrow, even his niece hints that he would gladly have left his date to chat with Frankie-boy a little more! Even your pretty niece wants a piece of it! It sounds like one of those episodes of "Mike Hammer" in which EVERY single woman wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is anything but a wet dream of a beautiful woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not be within 100 meters of someone as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie it's the other way around: MacLaine is absolutely crazy about Frankie-boy, but he does not care! Sinatra interprets his "great" style too often in his films, and is rarely credible. Dean Martin is a kind of mistake; He is not an evil player as a card player, but because of the accent that simply does not suit him. MacLaine is charming as always, but plays a caricature, and this dependence on cartoons is one of the basic problems of the film. The main characters are all a kind of stereotypes of bad movies or of everything seen and cheap novels; Frankie is the "great cat" who returns to the city to catch all the women, and could not care less about his writings (which, as expected, would eventually gain recognition); Martin is a poor quality but friendly card player; MacLaine is the fool, but a very nice bimbo; Frankie's blond love interest is a literary expert. Frankie's brother is the successful man who married his wife's business and has a lousy marriage; and so. Clichés <br /> <br /> The story contains a couple of coincidences that are a bit too far-fetched for my liking: Frankie simply runs into his niece in one place; her niece is a few meters from her father when the latter kisses his secretary for the FIRST time; and then there is the horrible and stupid ending. <br /> <br /> In it, a drunk bent on killing Frankie-boy somehow manages to find him at a carnival of all places! The place is completely crowded, with the noise and chaos typical, in addition to what is happening at night, and yet the man somehow finds Frankie (despite being drunk as a doorknob) and shoots him. But guess who it kills? MacLaine. Jump in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliché in which comic writers can shake. This absolutely pathetic, dramatic and annoying ending certainly can not please any viewer, even semi-intelligent. And this happens the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read ten cents of shit all his life. How else will the writing of this movie be explained? There is even a card game in which there is a fight with Frankie and Martin in front of some cartoons of clichés of the writer's "vivid" imagination. (Suddenly, it was like a fucking western.) Another silly thing is the way Sinatra was crazy about the bored bimbo fool and practically ignored MacLaine. As the film progresses, we discover that Sinatra considers MacLaine too silly for him, just as the silly blonde considers Sinatra too poor for her. There is some snobbism and disdain to be detected in the script regarding MacLaine. MacLaine is treated as worthless by all, while the blond bimbo is treated like a princess and intellectual; the ironic truth is that the character of the latter is presented as rather silly and not as intellectual; Their behavior, comments and opinions are mostly clichés, silly, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least MacLaine's character KNOWS that she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony that I did not miss: Sinatra found it hard to find an end to his last story, like the writer of this film, and that is why he came up with the corny and horrible ending. <br /> <Basically, the film has a solid cast and photography is good, but the script, although sometimes it's fine, is based on meaningless nonsense instead of characters and events based on reality. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by email.
