This completely boring movie, meaningless, meaningless, without spirit and silly is not the ultimate proof that the world can forget Danny Boyle and his films after "Trainspotting": "The Beach" already took care of that. What makes this low-budget oddity is simply to secure its place among those who started very well but were completely lost in drugs, alcohol, ego, self-deception, mismanagement or whatever led to the rapid disappearance of this director, who was once promising. . <br /> <br /> The premise is absurd: two losers (Ecclestone and some bimbo Jenna G - a rapper, probably) meet by chance and begin to sing spontaneously with fervor more like the inhabitants of a madhouse than a potential assassin. duo - what they become. A friend of his, an even more illiterate loser, becomes his manager by breaking a shop window and stealing a video camera with which he films them in "action", and then shows the tape to some people of the music that They really show interest in this. trash. Now, I know that the UK in recent years has thrown incredible crap, but this is ridiculous; The music makes Oasis look like The Beatles. During the recordings in the studio, the duo - Strumpet - changes the lyrics in each take and Ecclestone tells the music musicians with enough arrogance to take it or leave it, and quite absurdly they do it. Not only music is total and absolute trash, but its "interpreters" are antisocial; It is assumed that these newcomers are calling the shots. He is too stupid. It is simply horrible. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is not funny and it's not going anywhere, and this story from bitch to bitch makes no sense and makes no sense. He often feels improvised, under the influence of drugs. Danny Boyle is a complete idiot. This little piece of trash is so bad that it's embarrassing to see it. IQ Ecclestone also has to be questioned for agreeing to be part of this nonsense. Whoever financed this £ 1000 joke should leave the movie business before they end up selling their own underwear on street corners.
