The extravagantly named Vera-Ellen went to the cinema that danced what Sonja Henie was to ice skating: blond, feminine, always lovely to watch, but not a particularly good actress and, usually, laden with weak material. When I watch Vera-Ellen's sexy Apache dance with Gene Kelly in "Words and Music," I can not help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made of the South Vietnamese flag. For some reason, the American Vera-Ellen starred in * two * musicals (several years apart) set in Edinburgh, a city that is not known for its tap dancers: "Let's Be Happy" and "Happy Go Lovely." <Br /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American businessman who for some reason is performing a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show with the Edinburgh Festival, which is silly: the Festival is not a showcase for showy legs. We also see a couple of photos of the Royal Mile: apart from some Highland accents, there is no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest joke occurs from the beginning, when we learn that Romero's program title is "Frolics to You": this is a brazen word game that the British will get and Yanks will not. <br /> <br /> Vera- Ellen is, as always, cute and attractive and an impressive dancer, but the few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The plot (mistaken identity between tycoon David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson) has no brain, but no more than the plots of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (for once) he is not forced to convince us that he is interested in sleeping with heroin. <br /> <br /> The biggest offense of this movie is its misuse of Bobby. Howes Sally Ann Howes' father was one of the leading stars of the West End theater musicals; His melancholic version of "She's My Lovely" was a great success in Britain in 1937. Here, he appears in several scenes as the body of Romero's dogs, but never has the opportunity to participate in a musical number, not even in a comedy real. It is absolutely criminal that this movie, with a title that contains the word 'Lovely', that evokes the greatest success of Howes, releases a great British musical star but does not give him anything to do! <br /> <br /> The charming actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (whom I once worked with) shines in a restaurant sequence, and there is a glimpse of the doomed beauty Kay Kendall. As Vera-Ellen's confidant, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time, but it does not match either. Val Guest has a credit history, but this movie does not come close to the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, although I realize that postwar Britain could not afford the Hollywood process work. "Happy Go Lovely" is, at best, a pleasant waste of time, being "waster" the key word. I will rate this movie only 4 out of 10.
