You have to understand that when Wargames was launched in 1983, it created a generation of aspiring hackers. The idea that a teenager could do anything of far-reaching proportions, much less discourage a world war, was novel and exciting. Real computers began to appear in people's homes and, for the first time, society was interconnecting in a way that made the premise of the film extremely implacable. Of course, a talking computer that balanced his free time between chess and the global thermonuclear war was a bit far fetched, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it. I've probably even heard of the hackers this movie was based on. <br /> <br /> Fast forward 25 years, and we have a horrible mutant of one thing that I hate to call a "sequel," called Wargames: The Dead Code. I will simply deepen. First, the plot revolves around a gaming site operated by the government where people who win the games automatically become suspects in terrorism. You are probably very confused at this time. The idea is that, finally, the terrorist clicks on the subgame within the website called "The Dead Code", where he will fly a plane over a city and sprinkle it with biological weapons. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", then you are automatically confirmed as an expert in bioterrorism weapons and your family is detained and interrogated. In the movie, this really happens. However, since the game payment was made from a suspicious bank account, obviously everything makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the avatar of the AI ​​in this direct bomb to the DVD is a nuisance Flash animation that keeps repeating the emerging sound "ad-me-esquire" plays with my baby. Because apparently in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual activities such as chess and gets into porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation of these "hackers" is the gain and the woman, instead of pure curiosity like in the original movie. For some reason, recent hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as the average surfer person type who is like everyone else. That may work for your average situation comedy, but, come on, you do not learn to take over the government computers by doing your hair, playing sports and shopping at the mall, folks. The only novelty I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and then there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear, they called the main character Will just for that phrase so they could send a maximum of five to Mr. Damon. This child of Will is not bad, but he certainly was not like any obsessive hacker I've met. I can not completely state how upset I am that this movie shares the same name as the original, because it has absolutely nothing in common with it, except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappear in this film, like an inert old man who is apparently dying of boredom, and an old tic-tac-toe machine in ruins with a sharper voice. After some insults, Joshua (the AI) has what appears to be sex with the new AI with the voice of pornography, a lot of board games appear on the giant screens, and the whole theme "The only way to win It's not playing. " It is assumed that revelation is the culminating moment. Except that those of us who saw the original, you know, those who would like to see this in the first place, we have already been there and we have done it. A recycled finish for a film made from last month's compost. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a guy who finished 90210 and was written by guys who make B movies. The original was directed by a guy who's kept busy with "Heroes", so he See the quality difference there. There was talk of a real remake, but I hope they do not destroy this classic one more time. I swear, if I have to, I will visit all the gaming websites until I find the one that is run by a psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I was able to transmit this on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent watching this disaster was breathing, clicking and indigestion.
