Someone, someday, should do a study of architecture as a figure in horror films; Of all those explorations of strangely arranged mansions, searches of secret passages and crypts, crawling of monsters through air ducts, etc. In advance I can only remember some films in which architecture played an important role in the whole world: "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts", but it is at the heart of every story about a house or Spooky church. or crypt is about the character and effect of spaces, passages and walls. So I was waiting for this thriller where it promised to be the center. The idea is the following: an architect has built, in reality, he has reconstructed, for himself a huge and disorderly house; his wife has just left him, mainly for his egocentricity, but he is also intimidated because he can not get used to the place since he remodeled it. When living in an unaccustomed solitude (real this time, instead of virtual), comes to suspect that another person, a stranger who had come to the door one night asking for the use of the telephone and then suddenly disappeared, lives in the house with the; Only the place is big enough to never see it. <br /> <br /> This is a good start for a melodrama, whose development one would expect to follow lines like these: After searching the house for the intruder A couple of times without success, the architect uses his plans to search more systematic, trying to surprise, intercept or ambush the intruder in several ways, perhaps through some special features that incorporated the structure. Meanwhile, the intruder has discovered hiding places and opposite paths between places that the architect did not foresee or remember. The film would become a game of cat and mouse, a hunt, a battle; and finally, in trying to trap the intruder, the architect himself would end up trapped in his own creation, in some way he did not expect. Then he would be forced to think that he would not, and perhaps at the same time out of his own self-imposed isolation, and in a final turn he would sink in, and maybe even kill, the shit. br /> <br /> None of this happens in this movie; The house is only a house, the architect is just a man, and his nemesis is of an unknown character, if it exists. This is what happens in the film: once the intruder is installed in the house, if he is, the architect begins to hear noises, but when he goes to investigate he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little crazy; He convinces his estranged wife to stay the night, she thinks he's more crazy. At last, more or less accidentally, he meets the intruder (it does not look good, but imagine, who else could it be?) It's not a difficult question, in a story with, until then, less than three. main characters), with which closes the doors, lowers the bars of the windows, throws the key (I do not know why he thought it was necessary) and lets the victim die of hunger. I missed why this was so: the doors and walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect takes to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film has languished without developing and now can not develop further, something else must be devised to take its place. And this is: the architect, are you ready ?, He moves to the house of the man who (presumably) moved to his and lives there in the same way. How is this possible? It is not, but the film takes this route to try to make it look like: the architect has drawn an image of the man who arrived at his door; and when he leaves the house he takes the picture with him; and while he is sitting in his car, he throws the photo to the street; and two children pick it up and observe that it looks like Martin, his neighbor; after which the architect asks where his house is and the children point the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to be on the verge of improbability, what follows is submerged. The architect is installed in the house of Martin's wife. without knowing it; so stealthy in his movements and so cunning in his reading of his hostess that he can always leave a room the moment she enters or disappears from sight when he turns around. Throughout this section, the film is intelligent in a way, what it does (or lets the viewer do) to show that its life with this stranger, who does not know it is there, is in essence the same life that He lived with his wife. , as a virtual recluse with her as a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into the thief-thief of Raffles completely unbelievable. Do not enter the series of turns at the end, including another murder achieved by locking someone behind another invincible door, this front of a landing so weak that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair. Two good people who take the murder calmly; and (before the story began) the inadvertent construction of a tunnel beneath several houses ... For the final spin, long-awaited, the film adds another, to make it even more offensive, and then ... it ends. <br /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things: the idea of ​​the stranger in the house and the character of the man whose house it is, and diffuses both. The first fumble makes it boring; the second made me angry, as he pushed his main character further and further along an increasingly zigzag path, and never offered any explanation for the character who needed it most: Martin, the tunnel builder and the tenant. The story must be remade by someone, someday.
