"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-stage film that addressed the problems that teenagers faced in Britain and how these problems constantly affect each note, the problems of adolescents can relate to the youth of the morning. It could have been nicknamed the "Moulin Rouge" of the 80s, but it disappeared. He made his very superficial mark in the world, slipped under the radar and now can be found collecting dust in the music section, the comedy section or the politically dark section of that seedy video store that does not need money from the chain to survive. Oh, was not that where I found it? but I found it, I watched it, I did everything possible to sing with it, I looked Bowie in the eyes, but in the end I vanished. Did not survive the test of time? Is the 1950s far removed from our current society? Is Bowie too creepy? I think "Absolute Beginners" falls somewhere in each of these questions as the perfect example of cinema that begins with a pop, but withers to a mere glimmer at the end. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" starts with a huge number that takes us through the non-sandy streets of London that involve nighttime robbery, prostitutes around every corner, dance everywhere, drink like rivers and most elegant ties in almost all individuals. It sounds like a place we would all hate to be in? Right? Director Julien Temple keeps the light and flashy mood throughout most of the songs as we try to learn something about a lot of our main characters. The one we follow is Colin, played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and although Suzette looks like a Lohan before rehabilitation, they worked for me. There was a big spark between them, the chemistry was like lava, and I thought these two could take me down a road I had never traveled. I was ready ?? But then, something happened. Temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of the city with which we grew up at the beginning and completely reverses the roles without any dedication to the first. Suzette flees, Colin becomes a pervert, and Bowie? all right ?? I'm not sure what his role is, but he sings incredibly well as he climbs a mountain. I can tell you a lot. Temple gives us this striking city, this opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but it leaves us hanging high and dry when it is time to pull the trigger. We learn about Colin, mainly, but nobody else. I could probably watch this movie again and still be confused with who is angry at who and how important fashion was at that time. Also, were they really teenagers? They all seemed to be pushing their last 20 years, but maybe it was my TV. <br /> <br /> The development of characters was thrown through the door, Temple tries to compensate in excess giving us bigger and more luxurious songs with more characters. of which we know nothing. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this thought as a good example. Temple uses a divided house to show us the lives of Colin's parents (of whom I did not know they were until after the movie) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, little time, suddenly dragged to another scene of lost coherence, and simply melts in your hands. Then, if that was not enough, we are moving our heads to the beat of some great songs, rubbing our noggin 'trying to understand where our characters are or going, and Temple casts hatred, anger and politics at the final act. While I was waiting for this movie to have a specific theme, I did not think that racism would be at the top of the law. Suddenly, friends are missing, people are angry, and is there some random guy running around fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? Somebody help me here. Did it seem completely rushed and overwhelming? almost to the point of wanting to turn off the movie. For me, the end of "Absolute Beginners" was by no means the emotion of the opening number. That first part set the pace, and Temple could not keep up. <br /> <br /> In general, I must say that Temple can direct a music video, but I do not think he was quite prepared for the movie. I do not think that this film will have the status of "cult", and probably not remember or stay in the dollar boat for years to come. It's a fun movie to watch initially, but when we get to that final part, it just explodes from the inside. I wanted a cutting-edge job, but instead, what I found was a strange Bowie along with characters that did not matter to me. I could see how this movie could relate to the youth of the 80s, but in the end it felt forced. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and have heard "Motivation" by the always strange Bowie in this film, could have helped to consolidate this feature to a better cult status. I'm glad I saw this movie once, but that's all my little brain can stand. I loved the way Temple caught me from the beginning, but he could not control his characters (too many), and the songs did not seem to match the final moments of the movie. It came out of nowhere, and it was inconvenient. If this was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I'm going to dust off this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Rating: ** of *****
