This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fate of two of the main characters and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before telling us that the relationship with real people and events is purely coincidental. This final line really summarizes everything that has happened before; as the disordered film of Rino Di Silvestro completely lacks vision, and if there is any point in the plot; It was not put there on purpose. The werewolf woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a movie "so bad that it's good", but I do not agree. Normally, I enjoy movies like this; but Werewolf Woman is really a bad movie, and in spite of all the sex and savagery on display; It's not even a fun watch, and that's really unforgivable. The film does not really have much plot, but the thin strip we receive involves a young woman, who also dreams that he is a werewolf. She dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and finally killing them. Back in the real world, he falls in love, but his lover is killed and goes out to get revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film is made up of scenes of sex and blood, which are completed with extremely boring conversation sequences in which several characters reflect on recent events. These scenes are probably there to resend the plot and build characters; but they really do not, and they only manage to turn what could have been a passable exploitation game into an extremely disappointing movie. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than in the plot, and this is demonstrated by the fact that the film looks and sounds good. The sex scenes are often too long and not very erotic, but the gore works well. The premise is ripe to make way for a very sexy exploitation sector, since there are many naked women, and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be a lot of eroticism; but this is not capitalized, and although I can take a lot of bad acting and poorly made frames, I can not really watch movies and get bored. In general, I would not even recommend this film to the big fanatics of exploitation. There are many better things out there than this, and although the title may sound intriguing, the movie is not.
