"La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976 is a film with a very promising title, but, unfortunately, the film itself is far from being a must for my fellow Italian Horror fans. You will not hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri's movie is completely bad: it has its elegant moments and the first half is really fun to watch (although the fun is not intentional). The film also benefits from an exceptionally exhibitionist main actress, Annik Borel. However, the film, which does not have a real plot (at least non-linear) often does not make any sense, and drags incredibly along the second half, mostly superfluous. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) has a strange Dream with a naked dance in the night before becoming a werewolf woman. Since she was a raped child, Daniella fears men. Then, when her sister (cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly becomes attracted to her husband and then becomes a werewolf woman ... or something like that. The story really does not make any sense, which makes the movie very fun to watch during the first half. The protagonist, Daniella, is a schizophrenic mixture of hysterical frigid and lustful nymphomaniac, who occasionally becomes a werewolf woman. The director Di Silvestri chose to compensate the holes in the plot with a lot of female nudity, which works well for me. There are also some gore moments quite well done. The movie is never even a little suspenseful or creepy, but it's very entertaining at first. In addition, there are no attempts to hide that this is a piece of poor quality, the camera often close-ups on the private parts of Miss Borel for the simple fact of doing so. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to make the film longer by completely changing the direction he was going. While Daniella is, at first, a typical werewolf, who can not help but follow the impulses of her curse, this suddenly changes when she meets a man (Howard Ross, who was in "Il Boss" by Fernando Di Leo in 1973) . Suddenly, it returns to normal, and the back of the film does not go hand in hand with the first half. It gets pretty boring after a while; All things considered, it would probably have been better if this 99-minute movie lasted only 70 minutes. In the end, they even want us to believe that absurd history (if you can call it that) is based on real events. "Werewolf Woman" has some redeeming qualities; my fellow Italo-Horror fans can try it. However, if you want to see the Italian Horror / Exploitation movies of the 70s, there are hundreds of movies you should see before seeing this one.
