I suppose the writers have never read a book of any kind, much less a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and they based their script on another badly written script, possibly an adaptation of Copperfield, albeit with the same probability. , randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then shuffled the rest, along with some random pages of a script that someone's eighth-grader had written for an English class, and for which he had received a grade failing. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke, for example, Richards as Kramer playing Micawber, what it was, then the direction and the acting were the badly delivered hit lines. Coming beyond Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was such a complete, hunchbacked ogre and so on, that he half expected him to see him at some point be chased by a furious fork and a torch wielding a crowd of villagers. Uriah was almost a clown figure like Micawber. Mr. Murdstone evoked as much terror as the vampire Muppet from Sesame street. The actor who plays the older David was, I think, actually a woman. In any case, looking perpetually as if he wished he could find a mirror to see how beautiful it looked, and he thought it looked pretty nice in fact, he could barely convince me he was writing with a pen. And while we are on that subject, in one of the many serious inaccuracies committed by the producers half of this shame, in the useless takes of David when writing his story, he seems to be somewhere between the ages of 18 and 21, when he should be in his forties. Perhaps the greatest transgression, though difficult to choose, was the invented confrontation between David and Murdstone when he courted a third wife in Switzerland, preceded of course by the invented death of Murdstone's second wife. While they were at it, it's a wonder they did not send Heep to the guillotine and they told him the famous last words of Sidney Carton. I could not have made things worse really. It could have been much better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature throughout this art miscarriage, and anyone who observes it runs the risk of suffering serious and permanent damage in all aspects of their sensibility. .
