This movie offers absolutely no imagination in its premise or in its execution, but these are just two things that come to mind after seeing this so-called comedy that has no energy to speak. The story is about the little analyst of insurance risk manager Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller), who finds that his new wife Lisa (Debra Messing) cheats on him with a diving instructor (Hank Azaria) after only one day on his moon of honey. Upon returning home, Reuben and his best friend Sandy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) go to a party and meet Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston) with whom they went to school years before. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgetful and careless and lives carefree, which is the opposite of what Reuben is as a person, but they begin to have dates and Reuben begins To change as a person as you start to try new things like salsa dancing. and eating spicy foods. But one day, Lisa comes back and wants to remain married to Reuben, but he does not really want to, but Polly decides to leave since she does not believe in marriage in the first place. <br /> <br /> This film is the second directing effort of John Hamburg, who wrote two usually unfunny screenplays in "Zoolander" and "Meet the Parents", but those two films seem classic compared to this old piece of nonsense. It is very easy to say that something is not fun, but I think that with this movie it is even easier to find out why. This movie is totally predictable from the beginning to the end, as each scene seems to be happening only because of the ridiculousness of the script. Hamburg, who also wrote the script, seems to have written this without thinking about trying something different and, at times, seems to be trying to generate the same energy as "There Is Something About Mary," but the events seem incredibly forced. Did anyone really think that the blind ferret was funny? If you do it, it's easy! A few times during the movie the characters would inexplicably have these emotional discourses that are supposed to summarize everything, but all they achieve is to exaggerate the obvious. Stiller works a lot, but maybe I should work less and just wait for the best scripts to arrive because this movie does not work as a comedy or as a romance.
