London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustratingly silly movie about silly people. It is the kind of film whose central conflict could be resolved instantly if the characters in question simply sit down and talk. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist obsessed with acting before a cheering crowd at London's Wembley Stadium. He becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and bandmate, Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than him, but not so focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the latter's popularity threatens to eclipse his own. Now this is where a heart to heart could have helped. If Arjun had explained what this Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would have backed off and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would have saved ourselves the agony of seeing the rest of this uninspiring boredom. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to do us any favors. London Dreams is full of unintentionally funny gems, like the back story that involves Arjun's grandfather, who committed suicide out of embarrassment for feeling scared at a Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous incident in a show where Manu must assume vocal responsibilities after an explosion of confetti, practically drowns Arjun in silence. Idiocy, however, does not end there. In his attempts to embarrass Manu publicly, Arjun uses his connections to hook Manu to drugs. A great fan exhorts Manu to take a couple of shots of tequila with her, but replaces her salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu has acquired a lot of appetite for the addictive white powder, practically chewing it like a dinner. If that is not foolish enough, there is a crude scene later in which Manu chases the girl to find out who is receiving orders. The chase ends in a dark alley in London, where the girl kneels and pretends to do the unmistakable to deceive Manu's girlfriend who has been following her in secret. Wait, there's more! He hopes to howl hysterically when Arjun takes off his belt and flogs mercilessly to banish all thoughts of romance or lust towards the band's main dancer, Priya (played by Asin), because nothing and no one should distract him from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus to merit any comparison with last year's Rock On!, Vipul Shah's last is an awkward melodrama that is so loosely directed as it is written. The film is committed to broad humor, exaggerated emotions and, basically, chooses sound over subtlety. That works for the character of Manu, with Salman Khan interpreting it in a rather unpleasant and adorable way, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan is too passive with a performance that is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches the boiling point, it results in an awkward scene before the climax in which he lectures in a crowded concert hall and, understandably, throws plastic bottles as punishment. Of the rest of the cast, there is not a kind word I can say for Asin, who practically illuminated Ghajini with his exuberant charm, but disappoints here with excessive unnecessary acting in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to mere cronies in the band, present themselves at regular intervals, usually to say some inane dialogue such as "We will play it, buddy!" Because of its tenuous writing and sloppy direction, London Dreams is, ultimately, a tiring watch. If necessary, look at Salman Khan, who has turned the jester into a performance style in good faith. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad and sad movie.
