When this movie was shown for the first time on television, I had high hopes that we would finally have a decent movie about World War I as experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately, this is not the case. <br /> <br /> It should have been a good movie about the First World War. Although it was made for television, it is obvious that a real effort was made to use the right equipment and accessories. But writing and direction are seriously lacking, even though the creators of this movie obviously borrowed freely from a few well-made war movies. The clichés of war movies abound, like the arrogant general who apparently does not care about the lives of his men. When will Hollywood realize that, despite the fact that there have been a lot of bad generals, most of the generals in combat units have seen many battles and are not naive about what the average growl experiences? The first part of this movie seemed to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Except that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally exciting. Later came the charge of Chamberlain (except uphill) of "Gettysburg" and even the capture of the American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers of "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line" the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this film a ring is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If this movie used a military adviser, they ignored it. Even though the actors (and I could never forget that they were actors while watching) advocated military tactics, I did not see much of that. American soldiers rose to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who were apparently blind, seemed to use no tactics in their attack. In the real war, the tactics were what made the stormtroopers so effective. But the stupidest scene was the attack of the German flamethrowers. In this scene, the operators of German flamethrowers walked in a broad line towards the American defenders. If that had been real, they would never have come close enough to use their flamethrowers before the defender's bullets had thrown them. <br /> <br /> Well, then most of the war movies are not realistic in regards to the tactics that are shown. . But it's still disappointing. But what really convinced me about this movie was the typical anti-war war angle that filmmakers seem to think is important. It is true that war is hell. But most US soldiers, although they complain and complain, tend to believe in what they are doing and can be quite enthusiastic about it. My grandfather served in the First World War. And although he died four years before I was born, they told me how proud he was of his service.
