Movies featuring children's actors are placed on the back from the beginning. While there are some exceptions, most children simply can not act and even those that can usually become annoying after a few minutes. The children at Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, since both are very annoying and do not have an ounce of acting ability between them. Soon; They are rubbish This is not good considering they are the protagonists, and especially not good considering the fact that it is practically impossible to take this film seriously because of the actors in the garbage. It is a pity that this film is a loss as big as the plot is not (not completely). Follow a young woman who, after making a drawing of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world she has created. He soon realizes that he can manipulate this world through his drawings, and thus begins to make several changes, until his dream becomes a nightmare. Oh heavens. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot line provides a good basis for a good horror and fantasy movie. However, it is wasted through a series of fatal faults. In the first place, even though the premise is an excellent premise for much inventiveness; The movie is extremely stale. The central plot is hardly played, and the result is a totally boring experience. The lack of tension is another huge flaw in the film, as it is considered appropriate to drag each sequence to a point where you no longer care (which is due to the lack of ideas). Thanks in part to its main characters, the film feels like a children's movie at all times. This is to be expected as it stars the children, but Bernard Rose should have decided the inclination he wanted to put in the story; how the horror in the movie is laughable at best. The movie is also very cheesy, and the "romance" between the two protagonists is extremely valuable, and it makes it very painful. In fact, if I had to summarize this parody in one word, I would choose "painful". Paperhouse is badly acted, ridiculously plotted, very cheesy and generally boring. Save yourself the pain, see something else.
