The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we would today call the marks of an academic document: instead of naming experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants us to create (one will recognize that the American newscasts of that period were also much less regulated than seems ethical to a modern audience, often inserting dramatized scenes and transmitting them as real news images). Add to this directed propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler was "preaching to the converts", and did not ask the Gentile Europeans to hate the Jews for validating the feelings that many of them should have already had, to allow the holocaust that followed. . The weakest link in the logic of the film is shown in its "rat" analogy, where it continues to explain the behavior of rats, and then adds something to the effect of "Well, the Jews are like that too". In the same way, it characterizes the Jewish people as ugly by showing it in comparison with attractive gentiles; The leap of faith that accompanies it is that the ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict itself a few times, for example, by attacking Western painters who played Old Testament characters as light-skinned Europeans; therefore, the text admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is, in fact, an entrenched aspect of Christian culture. It also shows the Jews in the ghetto who are willing to live in the cockroach-infested filth, despite the supposed treasure they have accumulated, and then flip flops saying that these same undesirables live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. By the way, who does not? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows an equally fuzzy display of logic. First it is denounced that the film was made by Jews; then, apparently, Hippler uses it to verify the deceptive character of the Jews (the pretension of poverty mentioned earlier by the Jews of the ghetto, which is shown as a means to avoid taxes, although the "turn" of Rothschild's character is that the Jews pay excessive taxes); finally, the Rothschild film is once again execrated for implying that the famous banking family invented the current account. This apparent indecision in terms of whether the American archival material is shown positively or negatively could be clarified by the repeated visualizations, but at first sight it translates into a cloudy observation. Despite all the imperfections of the eternal Jew, at first I was surprised that the IMDb viewer rating for this film was as high as the current one, just under a "5" to date. I would say that the reason is that the documentary value of EJ has exceeded its original purpose, offering, unintentionally, a look at the lives of European Jews, as they would not be seen in a few years. Needless to say, the same badness of the film also provides a historical view of bad cinema, or simply evil, as a propagandist tool. Right now I have to wait for Principal Hippler to flip-flop again, jumping to say "That's what I wanted to do all this time!" The scenes depicting the killing of animals are particularly frightening, and show the same as decidedly inhuman, contrary to the intention of the Kosher law to prevent the suffering of animals. I would like someone who has seen the film and has some knowledge of these procedures, comment on whether the portrait is correct.
