La Chute de la Maison Usher, or The Fall of the House of Usher, as it is known among the English public, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) heading towards the castle of his good friend, Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt), who He sent him a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is sick. Once there, Allan finds Madeleine very ill and her husband Roderick decided and was almost obsessed with painting his portrait. While Roderick paints, Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker almost as if the image was taking his life, Allan tries to help his friend, but the tragedy soon arrives ... <br /> <br /> This French production was co -written, produced and directed by Jean Epstein and was the second of two filmed adaptations of The Fall of the House of Usher during 1928; honestly, I do not know if the original novel was published in 1839, I mean, wait for 89 years for a filmed adaptation and two come at the same time! Anyway, I feel like I have a little problem here, since I've read a lot of positive comments about La Chute from the Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right person to write a comment, but I have to say that it just did not do anything for me . I did not like it, obviously the first thing I have to say is that this is a silent film and, therefore, it is based on images, but even so I thought that the story was weak, I thought that the movie was boring and boring even though It only lasts about an hour and really did not do anything for me. The Chute of the Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago and that is literally a whole life, the world, the cinema and the tastes have moved a lot since then and I did not find any enjoyment in this movie. I feel that this movie has gone wrong and it probably was not so good to start with. I never felt anything for any of the characters, I never cared about anything that was happening and I found it quite tedious to sit down, I'm sorry if I offended the silent movie fans, but that's how I felt. <br /> <br /> Director Epstein does a good job, many people ramble about the images in La Chute de la Maison Usher and I will freely admit that he definitely has his moments, but I thought they were few and far away. The shots of people's mouths moved and I did not really hear what they said, it just seemed strange to me, I did not like the music and the version I saw kept the original French cards that were narrated by a guy with a French accent more frightening than it sounds. that was also unpleasant Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that it looks much like this, apart from one or two basic elements, stay with the fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher starring Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie was good. Considering when it was made. You can not just say about acting, since nobody speaks, although the movie is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try and suggest emotions or reflect what is happening, which works to a certain extent, but after a while, It seems a bit silly. <br /> <br /> La Maison Usher's Chute will appeal to those who long for a bygone era, who live in caves or who are trapped in the past, for me, I like that my films have a story, not me. bored and have sound & I'm sorry if that last statement makes me sound like an idiot without education but that's how I feel. The world has advanced since 1928 and for the better.
