Jean Seberg did not have a bit of talent in acting. Like all her films, 'Bonjour tristesse' does not suffer at all from her appearance (although she is perhaps the first of those modern women whom Tom Wolfe happily describes as "children with breasts": advertisers, of course, use the word "gamine" ), but he suffers severely from Seberg's opaque, monotonous and killing voice. In all her films, when she had to touch the anger, Seberg played her with audibly bold, distracted and panting panting between her monotonously drone verbalizations. Oy <br /> <br /> The adaptation of Preminger of the plot of Françoise Sagan's fantasy and youth-free soap opera is worthy of mention only for its exuberant cinematography, but that's hard to funk in the photogenic French Riviera, and perhaps because of his ability, but certainly not pioneer, use of black and white for the current scenes of which the monotonous narration of Seberg refers us to the past of colors. <br /> <br /> Juliette Gréco has a brief moment, as a nightclub singer in The Focus in Black and White, which emits in a smoky dietary voice the somber existentialist lyric of the title song. This moment is now, in retrospect, more than a little drôle. Except, of course, if you are French, especially if it is a French yearning "68-er" for the glorious days of the barricades around the Sorbonne, and your children riot to preserve the lifelong sinecures that have ruined and emaculated to France. economy: then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all those irrelevant and arcane theorists. <br /> <br /> David Niven has the most difficult role, having to play with enough enthusiasm as an aged hedonist who has not yet understood that life is not all about Sagan's teenybopper ideas of a hip, cool, swingin ', "mon copain!" Father. Deborah Kerr offers her usual and consummate professional presence, convincingly portraying the woman who suffers without deserving the sarcastic jealousy of Seberg, a spiteful teenager of Seberg (who fulfills Sagan's teenage fantasy about the classic theme of "there can only be one queen bee in the hive "); In fact, Kerr owns the only memorable moment on screen of this movie. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is not natural. I agree with an earlier critic who said it sounds "poorly translated" from French; Combine unnatural scripts with the unbearable, unbearable and unbearable monotone of Seberg, and you can save that Valium for another night. Above all, postproduction voice dubbing, ineptly synchronized, is almost obvious and, therefore, much more than annoying: this is especially true in the case of the dubbing for Mylène Demongeot, as it spoils her silly blonde interpretation on the contrary. <br /> Hunky Geoffrey Horne falls short with the stick here: a very handsome young man who also suffered a little cinematic and unlovable voice that, when combined with Seberg's drone, produces unconvincing scenes of love of puppies. (Horne was, shall we say, simply adequate in 'Bridge over the River Kwai', perhaps because its end was held by the great professionals of the cinema, William Holden and Jack Hawkins, instead of not being supported by the unfortunate slope Seberg). <Br /> <br /> In short, 'Bonjour tristesse' is nice to look at but it is a shallow and immature soap: thin porridge with foam.
