It is obvious that the people who made 'Dead At The Box Office' love the horror of B-movie. The open references to the genre are peppered, from common characters (the authority figure who does not think the monstrous invasion is really happening) to discussions about Kevin Smith's style to recreate the last moments of Duane Jones's' Night of the undead 'not once. but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it takes more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The choice of staging and shooting are uninteresting and unimaginative. Although a common warning in the film school is to avoid the 'Mastershot Theater', telling the story completely in a wide master shot, here we find the obverse, since in several sequences it is difficult to understand the spatial relationships between the characters such as It is told in the story. A series of medium shots without establishing shot to join them. The edition is monotonous and basic and, sometimes, there are unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and, sometimes, muddy, which makes the scenes in the dark theater difficult to distinguish (was there lighting or was this photo with only light available?). Some shots are out of focus. The dialogue is trivial, and the performances, for the most part, of a single note (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and presence on the screen as Curtis, and the player who plays the projectionist has readings of pleasantly dickish lines; Michael Allen Williams as a theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as a movie geek enthusiast Eric has some good times). The premise is stupid, even for a horror movie B (also, it's a shame that Dr. Eisner was not aware of the Paperclip Project, it could have saved many problems!). The 'zombies' are not threatening, and their makeup is not convincing (although the stocky zombie trying to get a chewing gum out of the machine smiled). For a zombie fan movie, there is very little blood or violence, although what there is, it is handled quite well. The incidental music, although stylistically uneven, is nice at times, and there are some good foley effects. The parody of 'Time Warp' was a fun listening, although the images that accompanied it were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the looping dialogue sounds flat. This photo is not synchronized (doubtful, it looks like a full video)? I watched the special presentation of Lloyd Kaufman from Troma Films before the main show, although it consisted essentially of Kaufman connecting his own stuff and admitting that he had not seen the movie while someone docked with a Toxie mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were more High that 'Dead ...' in itself (apart from who put the DVD, the countdown of the leader of the movie only emits a beep in the flash-frame 2, not in each number plus one more later). For that matter, vampire filmgoers who saw themselves at the beginning of 'Dead ...' looked much more entertaining than this. Recommendation to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or is an ardent completista of Lloyd Kaufman (interprets to 'Kaufman the Minion' in the film inside a film). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is an extra in this movie, I swear this did not influence my opinion.)
