A response to previous comments made by residents of the region where this film was filmed: one person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View amusement park caused a slowdown in the surrounding neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which overlooks the Ocean View area, the main route for traffic passed through the heart of Ocean View. Once the interstate highway was completed, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town with businesses closing and an increase in crime. This led to a huge reduction in revenue for the park, which also faced new competition from nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in recent years, the City of Norfolk has done a remarkable job in encouraging redevelopment so that the area has become a coveted place for the construction of high-end homes. <br /> <br /> It has also been said that the destruction images of the roller coaster were used in the film "Rollercoaster". This is also false. It filmed the image of two mountain cars that were moving away from the trip for that film, but the real explosions and the collapse are exclusive of "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> As for the film itself, the story of a "supernatural" force in the water adjacent to the park was certainly silly, but somewhat typical for the B-grade films of the time. With the cast involved, it should not be surprising that the stage has been gnawed on almost every scene by the main actors. I do not think this movie was intended to be another "Citizen Kane"; I think Playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude format to determine if this was an area for the company to expand (apparently not!). A strange force in the water that caused strange events in an old amusement park probably sounded good at the conference table, but it proved unmanageable in execution. The roller coaster and the rest of the park were destined for the demolition ball anyway; "We're going to find a strange way to justify an explosive death!" <br /> <br /> For the casual movie viewer, this would be a "look once and forget about it" movie (except for Diana Canova fans); but for the thousands of people who live in the region and have fond memories of the park, this film is like a "walk on the path of memory" for the images of the park, as well as the old images of downtown Norfolk, the first "Harborfest", and Old Dominion University. Even a limited release of this movie on DVD would be welcome.
