It is often said that Tobe Hooper just got lucky with his creepy horror movie "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" of 1974 and every time I watch another Hooper movie, that vision only reinforces. It would seem that Hooper wanted to make his own version of films like Scanners and Firestarter in 1990, so we ended up with spontaneous combustion; a movie with a couple of good ideas and a full load that are taken from other movies. Put it all together and you will get a messy and boring movie that most people would do well to lose! The film leads the audience to believe that initially it could be half decent with an interesting story that focuses on some experiments done with two young people in the fifties. The couple has a child and shortly thereafter burns to death as a result of the experiments performed on them. Let's move forward a few years and the baby is now an adult named Sam; but, of course, he is not a normal person and soon discovers when it is discovered that he has the capacity to set fire to things at will. <br /> <br /> Movie stars Brad Dourif, who must have seemed like a good casting choice given. his success with Child's Play two years earlier; but in reality it was an uninspired decision, since the central performance is really terrible; And not helped by the terrible support actions. The turgid direction and the boring script also do not do many favors to the film and the tendency to lack favors continues with the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing in the movies that is cheating; all of which were made some years before. The plot is really slow and almost an hour passes before something important happens, and I did not even care at that moment. It soon becomes obvious in which direction the movie will go and it all boils down to the kind of tedious ending one would expect. The final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the movie. Not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway. In general, this is a junk movie and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great horror director. See Firestarter again in its place.
