The strange exercise of Tobe Hooper about an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to set people on fire. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 50s. They die from Spontaneous Human Combustion and it seems that what Sam is starting to suffer from these pills that his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives to take for the migraines Actually, Lew Orlander (William Prince) told Lisa to manipulate Sam into taking the pills, practically the father of the young man who raised him as a child. Lew has benevolent plans ... sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted this and will do whatever it takes to silence those responsible for his condition. As the film progresses, Sam's blood is slowly becoming toxic, green instead of red. It seems that the water and other substances that often put out the fire react exactly the opposite way when the uncontrollable flames of Sam are lit. Come and find out, Lisa has the status of Sam, whose parents also die because of SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone who Sam has known for quite some time as his doctor, should insert a toxic green liquid into their bodies, I guess it will increase his flame levels. Nina (Melinda Dillon, with an accent that fades) was the friend and associate of Sam's parents in the experiments of the 50s who try to talk to him about what is happening. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife who may be working against her ex-husband with Lew and Marsh to hurt him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> It's a strange little horror movie, full of something pretty horrible. Flame effects. Dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character, whose difficult situation we continue to observe as his body slowly turns into toxic waste with the fire that often ignites from his orifices. There is a large hole in his arm that spits out flames like a volcano and a massive burn in his hand that increases in size over time. The best scene is probably when the director John Landis, who plays a malicious electrical engineer who tries to inform Sam to hang up because the radio program he's calling rings tonight, becomes a victim of SHC. The film never works at all because it is very uneven with an abrupt and ridiculous ending where Sam offers to free Lisa from her fire by taking it away.
