The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give "The Projected Man" as an obvious scam of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, while much better than the IMDb review would make you think, is not an idea of ​​an acceptable substitute for Vincent Price. Although, now that I think about it, who would it be, unless Micheal Gough was available? Still, if you're in the mood to see a British "Hammer" movie with a sci-fi theme about a teleportation experiment that went terribly wrong ... well, you might want to give "The Projected Man" a Pass and rummage through the container 'remnant' at your local Wal-Mart for another teleporter-accident movie. Because this is just not so good. <br /> <br /> Haliday got a lot of good nerves from the MST3K team for his role in this movie and in "Devil Doll", but it's really the best thing in TPM. Maybe I can not take the movie, but it does not get any help from the script here. The script jams any forward momentum that the plot may have in endless nonsense about financing and university policy, and a guy named Lembach and a sinister cabal who want the teleportation machine to fail so they can steal their secrets. . or something like that. So all the dramatic sequences in the first half of the film involve phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleported rats. Then, when poor Haliday is mauled by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the movie wearing a diaper on the middle of his face and rubber cement on the rest as he electrocutes several Londoners who cross his path. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using megaphones could not have made this script work. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors diligently try to inject life and interest in their roles for this small and turgid project, but the script simply swallows their efforts completely. The corrupt project manager gets angry and emits smoke and whistles on the phone to his blackmailers, unaware that he looks like a werewolf dressed in a tweed suit and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and his ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of British horror movies. His secretary is forced to parade in his "little ones". None of that really works or it becomes a real movie. And everything just stops, leaving the viewer on the move, "Huh? Excuse me, was not there supposed to be a FINAL here?" <br /> <br /> Even so, despite all your problems, I can easily name a dozen horror movies of the same period that were as bad or worse, and so could anyone else who follows movies (or that has ever navigated in the IMDb "Bottom 100"). I really would not pay money to buy "Projected Man", but if it were included in some compilation along with a dozen other movies in a DVD collection, I would probably feel good about having it. It's a harmless fun, perfect for a horror movie festival, to watch with friends while drinking lots of beers and sandwiches on a Saturday night.
