Professor Paul Steiner is investigating the transfer of matter. He has developed a machine that he can use to make an object such as a wristwatch or a rodent disappear, only for that object to materialize in a different location. But there are people in your research center who do not like or do not approve their experiments and will do whatever it takes to make sure they do not succeed. After a failed demonstration that could have saved him funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things go terribly wrong and he becomes a very scared madman whose mere contact will kill him. <br /> <br /> In hindsight, maybe it was not a good idea to see The Projected Man again in the same week I saw The Fly, Return of the Fly, and Curse of the Fly. It seems that there are only so many movies about the transfer of matter and the potentially horrendous effects it can have on the human body that a person must endure in a period of three or four days. I'm not sure which are responsible for the movie list as their source material for The Projected Man, but a lot of that is so similar to Fly's films that it can not be a mere coincidence. However, The Projected Man is not as good as the worst of the Fly trilogy. <br /> <br /> Besides being terribly unoriginal, The Projected Man has several other problems that really hurt the enjoyment of the movie. A big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday at the helm. It's a horse's ass that not only does not care about their suffering, but I really encourage it. Support cast members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so soft and boring that they hardly matter. In fact, there is very little to be excited about when watching The Projected Man. The soundtrack ?? It is not very memorable. The look "I would describe a lot as" muddy. "The plot" predictable. "The action" there is none "In general, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I saw The Projected Man a through a copy of the episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Funny things! While it is not an absolute, very often, the poorer the movie is, the better the MST3K riffs are. The Projected Man. I will give you a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
