Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after moving to Los Angeles for work reasons (the husband of football player David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Real Madrid) was originally going to be a complete series, but fortunately it was reduced to only one hour or so. But even in this way, it remains immensely endless. <br /> <br /> Like virtually all "reality" television shows, most incidents are presented as blatantly bogus, with the program itself even admitting that Posh's newly-appointed personal assistant is an actress. In the Ugly-Betty aspect, we heard some little-written jokes from the beginning (with an obvious joke about Becks' apparent disagreement with a previous one, and rather more glamorous, PA Rebecca Loos, though her name is not mentioned) with Additional sequences involving a fake inflatable doll to fool the paparazzi and hopeless attempts to throw a baseball. <br /> <br /> This could have been more entertaining if everyone had recognized that it was a fluff, and had an act Resso or mimic in the lead role. Impressionist Impressionist Ronni Ancona would have been perfect and Posh is better than Posh in itself, and if this more sensible decision had been made, there would have been much more fun and fun. We are left with the real here (Mrs. Ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway), and although there are scattered attempts at self-loathing and irony, it never works remotely due to the prior information of La's considerable wealth. Beckham beforehand. , and his lack of ability to deliver possible jokes; Despite the intentions of sending her image, Ms. Beckham appears as a superficial egotist, and her weak sentences do not convince us that she has a humorous self-esteem. I suspect that if he had adopted a more realistic documentary approach to flying on the wall, namely, Posh walking down any street in Los Angeles and being totally ignored (instead of the frantic and staged scenes of slight hysteria shown here), and associates doing unscripted teasing on th As I mentioned earlier, Ms. Loos, this would have made TV a bit better, but being an adulative public relations material, the dog herself would never allow such events to happen. He made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where he presented himself with indifference in front of a disinterested audience. It will be a difficult time if you want to succeed in Hollywood. His colleague Scary Spice (alias Mel Brown) also found it impossible to make it big living in the capital of the film despite their relationship (which was not consummated) with the great name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls were, of course, a very successful pop chic band in the mid-1990s, even more so in their native Britain, but still popular in other countries, including the US. UU Undoubtedly, they were very funny in their moment of glory (1997) when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and a New Labor government that the Spice Girls seem to summarize better than anyone else at that time, even if it was made in some way. But they were never musical or singing talents, and the optimism of the United Kingdom seemed to fade away quickly later that year (the starting point was possibly the tragic death of Princess). Diana), as well as The Spices themselves. His presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if everyone had quietly moved out of the public eye permanently with dignity to enjoy his fortune, then we would all have pleasant memories encrypted in our minds without any guilt. Unfortunately, the emergence of the frightening culture of "celebrities" in the United Kingdom towards the beginning of the millennium has contributed to those imaginations, and we have all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories about The Spices since then, Posh is the worst offender, and the rest of his colleagues are not far behind. It was recently announced that there will soon be a reunion tour, which is disconcerting, as they have never left and certainly do not require additions to their growing bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are having single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, it's soon time for Becks' adventures in a revealing documentary. I can hardly wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
