I tend to love everything that the great Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) always was. While not all the films starring Naschy are great, they all have a specific charm that is not found anywhere other than Naschy-flicks, and they are always entertaining. However, there is no rule without exception, like "The Marshal Of Hell", also known as. "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) test. While the movie has Naschy's movie charm, it unfortunately crawls too much and becomes really boring. Naschy stars the evil baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns of the bad behavior of the Baron, decides to confront his former comrade in arms and help people to free themselves from the satanic tyranny of baron. ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Leon Klimovsky, who is best known for directing Naschy in "The Night of Walpurgis" ("The Werewolf vs. the Vampire Woman", 1971), the film was written by Naschy the same. Naschy often wrote his own films, and it must be said that he mostly did a better and more original work than it is here. "The Marshal of Hell" is built primarily as a historical adventure instead of a horror movie, and it becomes quite boring in the middle. It often resembles the Sword and Sandal movies of the 50s, only that this film is set in medieval times. The satanic part was probably only added because the great name of Paul Naschy is linked to the genre Horror. The movie has its good parts: Paul Naschy made strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks weird, Paul Naschy does satanic things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, etc. But, unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the bored hero and the good guys, and these moments are boring. The female members of the cast are nice to watch, but, unlike most Naschy movies, it is not presents nudity or sleaze. There is some gore, but mostly it seems awkward and not as fun as it is the case with most of the other Naschy movies. In general, "The Marshal of Hell" is only worth it for my fellow Naschy enthusiasts. There are dozens of films starring the Spanish Horror deity that must be seen before this, such as "The Hunchback Of The Morgue" ("The Hunchback Of The Morgue", 1973), "The Orgy Of The Dead" ("The Hanging Woman" , 1973), "The Fear Emerges From The Tomb" ("Horror Rises From The Tomb", 1973), "Panic Beats" (1983), "Red Blood" (2004), or any of the Werewolf movies 'Waldemar Daninsky'. D.E.P. Paul Naschy. Legends never die!
