It is quite clear that the director and the production team set out to paint an unflattering image of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website try to imply that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself and Rachel, a boyfriend problem, perhaps a pregnancy. The fact that Ayat herself had just witnessed the death of a close friend at the hands of the Israelis outside her home was a clear observation. My God, then, why the hell would a young, pretty, smart girl with college plans do something like that? Could it be that the emotional and hormonal adolescent was traumatized by seeing someone she loved die before her very eyes? This detail deserves all 5 seconds in the movie. Another detail carefully avoided is that Avigail Levy, the mother of Rachels, could have avoided the destruction of the building where the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). One clearly has the impression that he is offering this as a "concession," in case Ms. Akhras agrees to speak with her. "Why should I do it?" she says. (Since the movie was made, the house has been destroyed, apparently the interview did not result in what she wanted, so bring the bulldozers.) Ms. Levy said she "wanted the film to be cathartic and a symbol" of the hope, the opportunity to transcend entrenched hatreds, "instead he uses it as an excuse to harangue mother Ayats, while hanging the house like a carrot, and even though the two women live only 4 miles away, She is so disconnected from the world, the realities of the occupation for her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that Ms. Akhras can just have a cup of coffee, please, and she renounces the only opportunity she had to meet the Mrs. Akhras herself and see what kind of life she lives in. (The Akras family was originally from Jaffa, but now lives piled up in a refugee camp just 4 miles from where the Levy live in a comparative luxury. aunt that I would have had for what obviously can be done. Mrs. Levy dissolves. Its air of own malice. By contrast, Ayats mother is kind, frank and loving, despite the best efforts of the postproduction team to paint her and her family as monsters. Wow, even the music and the sound design were one-sided. I think the muezzin sings EVERY day every day, 4 miles from the house of the Levy family, always in a key of the music of the new era that marks this monotonous excuse for a documentary. There is also the small problem of translations: Mrs. Levy DIRECTLY addresses the camera in English when she has something to say before her time, Hebrew when she does not. Mrs. Khras spoke only in Arabic, that sometimes she received a TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLITERATION, always uncomfortable and very suspicious of a supposedly objective film. She also "sweated" under the lights, while Ms. Levy sat in comfort (with air conditioning). Edition for the segments of Mrs. Akhras also. I gave him a 2 because I liked Ayats's mother and father, who looked like decent people. Shame on HBO, producers and directors, for throwing such a fetid bomb.
