Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As they introduce us to the worlds of their 1901 people in America, this three-act play opens before us with the help of "The Stage Manager," a visual storyteller if you wish. After their initial introductions, they take us to the homes of two particular families; The Webb's and the Gibbs. <br /> <br /> This is definitely the central part of America at the turn of the century, and the progressive way of life of the American Dream and its saccharine connotations that may seem a bit biased in this dream. village. Here we see the daily life of some of its 2642 inhabitants of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, even if there are, also, migrant Polish workers who add another 500 to their numbers, they never get a look. <Br /> <br /> Once introduced the daily life of these families; Wives cook, children work at home, parents work, children fall in love and wooden fences painted white. The second act begins three years later, after young George (a young and unrecognizable William Holden, after 22 years) and Emily. They have fallen in love and they intend to get married. Birds of love that bloom reaching the stars and reaching, also, a turning point in their own lives, from the nest that they lived and now, to the anxieties and afflictions of the young adulthood that they tread nervously. The third act is a bit more bitter and premonitory, it is in this act that the intentions of cinema become evident, here we do not see life, nor celebration, but death, and it is in this predicament that the dead, when they return to review and reconcile your own past life, are here to remind us, to tell us, that life, and until the last minute, every precious breath should not be wasted or wasted. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the political postures of the films also seem more evident, and it feels more like a propaganda gimmick about the moral lectures about and on the part of Middle America and how it should direct your home and how you should put it in order. This is not just about "Our" people, it is a moral diction addressed to "Our" souls and how the United States can improve if its peoples (excluding the Poles, the Irish, the Native Americans and the liberated ethnic minorities), and minorities in general, plus the supportive backbone of Americans who, even so, have not had a fair share in this narrative), as the middle classes, can fulfill the expectations of the American dream through an honest life and decent. The American Dream providers only with special invitation. <br /> <br /> This movie also entertained me a bit, but I felt that its narrative had a stronger impact than anything else that participated in it although the smooth performance, the musical score or how well, or not, made. This was the intention of the films to exclude other groups, and include only people like Webb's and Gibb's, in the future of the developing country of the USA. UU., A good movie, but also a bit partial in its position, I thought. <br /> <br /> Taken from the work of the American-born Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this Pulitzer Prize-winning work and six Academy Award-nominated films, was the focal point in perpetual motion of life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, the translation of works to celluloid is presented as a slightly correct propaganda of social consciousness. Our city starts with what seems to be a lesson in futility, like other cities, nothing very exciting happens here, if anything, this city only has the "right kind of people", you can still leave your back door open here We are seeing the developing life of these two families, but it is their moral and social position that is more important than themselves. Our City may have simply been "Any City", as long as it has come from the correct part of the city.
