I chose Time Changer because it looked like a good low-budget scifi travel movie and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said that it had something to do with some biblical things and time travel, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian film! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone to many places. It has been much more interesting than it ended up being. Our hero, who is a bible professor from the 1890s, eventually travels into the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influences of evil: Jesus is nowhere to be found. This wonderful technological feat is achieved with the help of a Bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a HG-Wells style time machine. The film begins to lose some credibility at this point, which is unfortunate because this happens very early in the movie. Previously (or maybe immediately afterward, I can not remember), our hero teacher was seen teaching what appeared to be a science class in which he claimed that scientific findings could only be considered validated if they could be compared to what the Bible says. What should be obvious to anyone is that this is not clearly what the scientific method is about, however, it is presented in such a way that the filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is useful only if it supports their claims and , otherwise, it is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, that belief is perfectly valid and sensitive in the context of the character at that moment. So, if we accept that as the fact of the life of these biblical teachers, then obviously the teacher who invented the time machine is not a very strong believer since I do not think there is any evidence (and none was offered) for Physics of the journey in time in the bible. So, immediately there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility, but it does not matter ... <br /> <br /> Once the teacher is convinced of making the leap into the future, the impact of modern technology will be He handled pretty well in most cases. cases. It was also fun not to have it in an exact year (since the character is reading the date of a newspaper for himself, a car honks and scares him not to finish the date: only two thousand and .... * Honk *) However, part of the shock lasted a little too much. For example, the car was one of the first things he found when he arrived and, about two days later, he was invited to a church movie night and taken in a van. He pokes his head out the window like a dog would, scared by headlights and the starter, etc. That seemed a bit strange since I had been there a few days at this point and the city seemed to be quite busy. traffic. In any case, that is easy to ignore. The rest of the technological impact was well done, especially his first encounter with the television, which was delayed because he did not even realize what it was until he saw a child watching one and using a remote control. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero predictably begins to preach to virtually everyone he meets as if he were an authority in all life and religion just because he is from the past and is an elder. Eventually, he became a brief moment in the center of attention of the church he had been visiting, where he proceeded to explain his concept of Christianity in a long monologue that was supposed to be poignant and insightful, but mostly it was more than the same. A couple of spouses in the church begin to have a strange feeling about this guy (imagine) and investigate his name. Finally, they come to the conclusion that either he is a time traveler or pretends to be a dead biblical teacher and they decide to find out what it is. The film frames these guys as bad unbelievers for being skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the teacher returns to his own time, he is confronted by those two men. In an effort to avoid being arrested or dragged, he finally breaks into a perverse madness about how Jesus will come soon and that he is a prophet, so they should listen to him. Just in time, they took him quickly and one of the husbands wonders if maybe this is the rapture he has heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that this essentially means that the teacher proclaimed himself (and very probably false) a prophet who claims to know that the rapture was near and that he was sent by God when he was actually sent by his fellow teacher. of bible and that he had no knowledge given by God (that was stated or even hinted at). br /> <br /> As I understand it, Revelation affirms that the time of the end is only for God to know and at the end of the film we see the teacher inventor trying (and failing) to send a bible into the future. First 2080, then 2070, etc. as the scene fades. Clearly, you are trying to determine the exact date of the end times, what you should not know! Essentially, the entire premise of the film cancels itself because by being so insistent in your religious beliefs and in how certain things are only for God to know them, it means that in the first place, there could never be a time machine, because then humanity could Discover something that only God should know! The premise of the whole movie collapses and makes everything basically useless, since in the end it undermines its own credibility.
