One of the most 'literate' Lone Stars, with time dedicated to the development and interaction of the character, dialogue and the business of acting. The opening scene sets the stage (literally) for the player's personalities, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler) and his friend, John Scott (John Wayne), the rodeo (let's say Roh-Day-oh) star, both of which are slightly horny The film follows their adventures, while trying to outdo each other in the search for the Mexican juanita, and later in their search for the merry Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (although the real villain had misled him and wants to repent). And, of course, they are being wrongly accused of two crimes and have to serve a prison sentence before escaping and being exonerated at the end. <br /> <br /> The highest point is that Scott is continually and deliberately eating Mary's ass with his eyes. his grocery store, and knocking down the ladder where he is standing so he can catch her and grab her while he falls. Everything seems a little contemporary for a 30-year-old western, but it sounds better than it really is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting action elements that we find in many other solitary stars are very absent here. There is no Yakima Canutt. Cheap and bad uses of footage from riders who fall off horses. There is no George Hayes. Tedious Stooge of two plays between Scott and Charlie, with Charlie swinging Scott, Scott stomping on his foot and then hitting him (repeated twice more!). The expert Paul Fix is ​​underutilized. Eddy Chandler himself, here in his big star turn, is not really credible as a side kick. The villain seems too old and fat. The same goes for Chandler, who spent his later career in 300 more movies as an uncredited meatloaf. Mary Kornman, of the twenties "Our Gang" (see "Mary, Queen of Tots" in 1925) is pretty in her scenes with John Wayne, but that's all for this. Seeds of a better western lie buried here. <br /> <br /> P.S. The ultra short colored version, which looks good, moves very fast, it ends if you blink more than once. Fortunately, however, the embarrassing scenes with Eddy Chandler have been cut off.
