This first western of John Wayne Lone Star has a little more advantage than the hazelnut eaters that Wayne had been doing for Lone Star until that moment. On the one hand, he has his old friend Paul Fix on it; Fix, being a much better actor than the standard villain of the lonely star, brings a much needed professionalism to the environment instead of the usual readings of wavering lines that are often obtained in these diners. The plot, about the wrong identity, the theft of payroll and murder, is as trite and superficial as one would expect in a low-budget western of the 1930s, but Wayne's appeal, simple charm and the way with a line make a long way. to make this more pleasant. Plump and bald Eddy Chandler is not as credible as Wayne's "partner", and there's a joke about something that happens every time Chandler and Wayne are about to get into a fistfight that gets boring. On the other hand, Wayne's love interest is played by Mary Kornman, the little "Mary" of the early fame of "Little Rascals." She is an adult 20 years old, blonde and cute as a button. Most of Wayne's top ladies in these Lone Star / Monogram "B's" were pretty bland and colorless, but Mary is cheerful, cute and, yes, sexy. There is a scene in the general store where he works, in which Wayne asks him to bring him a bottle of "nerve tonic", which is on the top shelf, so he has to get a ladder and climb to the top. shelf. Wayne looks at his small back as he climbs the steps, then again when he comes down, and again a little later, when he asks her to come up and bring him another bottle, it's surprisingly spicy for a movie made in 1935. Wayne does not say nothing. He tries to hide the fact that he's definitely checking his ass. Anyway, it's a small "B" interesting, not great, but not as choppy and random as many of his LoneStar productions of the time. The final shooting is not handled so well, and Chandler becomes a bit irritating after a while, but it's worth checking out, if only to see a cute and sexy Mary Kornman.
