Really, I really wanted to like Julian Po. I think that Slater is underestimated as an actor, and that many of the support players here are better than they have the opportunity to demonstrate in this film. I realize that this is based on a story I have not read. Therefore, I do not know if what I see as the faults of the film originated with the story, or if they were imposed by the director / scriptwriter. The premise is wonderful, and I loved the voiceover, the confessional tone of the opening narrative. But then...? Nothing! Several of the local cliched characters ask Julian pointblank to explain his intention to commit suicide. One could argue that he does not answer, because it is not his concern. But it is Julian who, under symbolic pressure, released his intentions in public. So, neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that Julian's character keeps a diary taped for God's sake, seems willing to provide something beyond the initial scant information about Julian's life. . He says he was an accountant. He says that his family moved when he was a child, due to his father's work. And that? There are several interactions with locals that seem designed to illuminate Julian's purpose. But none of them goes anywhere, because Julian seems to consider all these villagers as if they were aliens from another planet, as if he were the maximum (and only) sane among them. This could work as an allegory, if Julian Po had any defining characteristic or something that came close to the wisdom to impart. The closest he comes to revealing something about himself is in the scene where he purposely humiliates the naive and religious wife of the mechanic. And what this scene reveals is nothing that can inspire empathy for Julian. I can only see the Julian character, as it is presented, as selfish, petty and totally condescending. More or less coincides with the attitude of the director of this film half baked, devised. And poor Michael Parks, an actor who once had so many promises, is not given anything to work with here.
