Do you know all the letters to "Santa Claus" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out they do not really deliver, but they're left in a half forgotten corner of the post office to rot, unless some bright spark finds a way to post them. As a strange configuration, it is a winner that fits perfectly to the strange movie that is "Dead Letter Office". That said, it's obviously an Australian movie instead of a British one. If it was Royal Mail, most of the letters receive this type of treatment anyway. I have not been in this apartment for two years and we are still receiving letters for a Mr. Wang, a Latter-day Church priest who has never heard of you and several catalogs for industrial equipment that he has addressed to a company of plumbing. <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" (the name given to the place where the undeliverable mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) growing up in a very divided home. Writing to her absent father, she only learns in adulthood that her letters have not been delivered for one reason or another. So, logically, she gets a job at the D.L.O. and is working alongside other social rejections, including the mediocre Chilean immigrant Frank López (George Del Hoyo). Little by little, she is attracted to him, but can she discover where her father is without bringing the autonomous world of the Office of Dead Letters to her knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I was reminded of the horrible Heather Graham movie "Committed" while watching this. However, this is much better than that pile of horse shit but, again, it's not hard. To begin with, this movie is much more logical. It is true that metaphors are brazen and the underlying symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least this is cohesive and peculiar without being completely silly. It is also well acted. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as lovers who look for something they know they will never find, while other characters are, at best, peripheral. Part of the problem is that it seems to wrap itself up too quickly, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The other part is that when you consider Australia's draconian immigration policy (that is, if you do not speak English, beat it!), Such a story is unlikely to happen in reality. Unfortunately, the other characters also help to destabilize realism by demonstrating that they are little more than rare ball stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Despite that, "Dead Letter Office" is certainly something a little different. It may not be everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was trite and predictable, but sometimes, it's good to see a movie without weapons or violence or oath and nudity (there's no chance of that happening in an Australian movie). There is no important laugh, there is no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it's the story that counts here and, while it's not moving in its magnificence, it's a pretty nice way to pass the time. It's the equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD movie: it's nice to hear it over and over again, but you really would not miss it if you were not there.
