Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent and sensitive man with bold new ideas about film making. I wanted to be an author, break with the limits of the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. For that, I applaud you. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of your audience, I can not applaud A woman under the influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating subject (a crazy woman) and somehow managed to create a boring movie, full of prolonged, exaggerated and ranting scenes. It seems he had a knack for capturing the most boring moments of a person's life in a movie, and it often seems as if he simply turned on his family's camera and left the engine running. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes had captured something devastatingly REAL, or even a core of something so real that it touched the heart in a way that a conventional movie could not. However, I found that the performances, particularly those of Rowlands, are artificial. I never believed for a moment that she was really crazy. I have met people who are truly mentally disturbed, but I have never seen any of them act like Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under the Influence. She played like a very nasty and uninhibited woman who drinks a lot, and even that was confusing because we only see her drinking once (at first), but she acts drunk for the rest of the movie. There are some moments in which she takes advantage of something real, but those moments are few and far between; she can not maintain a disturbed mental character without problems. Once again, I applaud your efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the performance ring a reality. <br /> <br /> The beginner audiences who come across this movie and see its high IMDb rating, will no doubt feel compelled to love it and rate it high, just to show that they 'get it'. But do not let yourself be brainwashed by the hype, judge for yourself. You do not have to pretend that you like it. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his filmmaking, since it seems that his own psyche and his own life experiences are infinitely fascinating. that he could not imagine that the others seemed presumptuously and tortuously self-indulgent. But Woody Allen, at least, has shown a knack for keeping the audience entertained: he knows that a compelling story structure and a good dose of humor are essential to any movie. If Cassavetes had employed self-discipline (and a pair of sharp editing scissors!), A woman under the influence could have had a chance. But what is the point of making a film 'realistic' if the only people who can sit to sit are the devotees of the art house and the film students who worship Cassavetes as a kind of anti-establishment deity? Without dropping anything, I think Cassavetes could have made A Woman a little more accessible by keeping the rhythm moving with a real plot, instead of presenting a series of 30-minute scenes of improvised arguments. If you only make movies for yourself and for some of your fans, you will be reaching the already converted. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions about it. If it really moves you and fascinates you, good for you.
