From the actor and writer / independent director John Cassavetes, A woman under the influence gives the viewer a look at a working class family with a problem of mental instability. The husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue collar worker who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands) how much attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very peculiar and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Crazy. Out of his damn mind. Nick does everything he can to hide it from his co-workers, and after she had a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asks her if she will be okay, as if trying to deny Mabel's illness. Your problem only comes from there. <br /> <br /> I found some particular problems with this movie. I guess these problems were mainly present in the story, and the way some of the characters acted towards the end. Mabel is committed, because, frankly, she's crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital and her husband organizes a party to welcome her. He never acts stupid at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just an idiot. Later, after Mabel enters the house, Mabel's father has a great outburst to Nick, screaming at the top of his lungs for not wanting to eat spaghetti. Your daughter has just returned from a six-month rehabilitation, and what she wants to do is keep it quiet, and he goes crazy with spaghetti? A few minutes later, in the movie, Nick takes Mabel to the stairs and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; Make strange noises and gestures. Did not he send her there to improve her and not to do those things? There were several other parts that happened after this, but it would be redundant to see them in more detail. I guess I just had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to have his characters act this way. It just did not make sense. <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems with the end of the movie, there was an aspect that really redeemed it; the acting. Gena Rowlands played an incredible crazy woman. There were times when I forgot that she was acting, in which I was so caught up in her wild gesticulations and crazy conversations that I was really afraid of her. She was incredibly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost believe that he himself was crazy, due to the uncomfortable way in which he handled his children, his work and, especially, the situation with his wife. I also do not generally appreciate children's actors. But the young people who played the children of Nick and Mabel in this movie were phenomenal. I really felt that they were Mabel's children, because they seemed very attached to her and very interested in helping her with her problem. I think his performances are one of the things that kept this film together, and without them he would have made the film less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie did not impress me. The story was confusing and unclear, and the characters acted in a way that made me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. The only saving grace were the brilliant leading roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting kept the film together, and they are probably the only reason why the film has become something.
