In A Woman Under the Influence Mabel goes crazy, but I can see why she goes crazy. If I lived the kind of life that she lived with the family she has, I would also go crazy. Everyone in your family is out of reach and they do not completely agree. She is constantly surrounded by people who yell at her and tell her what is best for her and for people who are not the best drawer knives. <br /> <br /> To start with the person closest to her in her life. , her husband, Nick, is a little out of place. He is always yelling at him when he is at home telling him how to live his life and stop acting like an imbecile. The rest of the time he is working long hours at work and is not there to help her when she needs support. The only person in her life who should always be there for her is never there and if she is, he is only making her feel worse. She trusts him to support him and always comes to him first when he feels he is acting badly and he does not do anything to support her. When she arrives home from the hospital, all he does is tell her how to act, instead of comforting her, he just yells at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> The other important people in your life are your parents. His parents do nothing in his life for her. Mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid to face it and defend it. In the end, she even asks her father to defend her and he does not understand, and when he does, he still does not do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or to prevent her from going crazy because they do not do anything during her period. The only person who tries to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother is convinced that Mabel is engaged. She does not want Nick to deal with that, so the doctor trusts her. It seems that everyone is against Mabel and they feel that committing to it is a good idea because then they will not have to deal with it anymore. Everyone wants to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel, except to yell at her and make her feel that she is doing something wrong when she really is not. That's why she went crazy, and why she had to compromise, it was the fault of her entire family.
