It should have been titled '¡Balderdash!' Little in the movie is true, except the name of the island and the fact that the submarines were involved. Little more than training as a film with little camera work, muddy footage and perhaps the low point of stereotyping the 'Japs' with the laughter of the Japanese infantry, the Japanese pilots laughing and the Americans with a one-dimensional square jaw dying from left to right. Sixty years later, it is involuntarily fun as a strange artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the fever of war is upon you. The plot and the dialogue remind me to play guns on a summer afternoon in my childhood, looking through the neighbor's hedge to get a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the raid on Makin Island was an almost total failure, with Carlson and his men wandering in the dark exchanging shots with shadows until finally, thirsty and completely disoriented, looking for someone to surrender to, before they met Some Japanese are equally confused. Soldiers who quickly surrendered to them! In the retreat, several of Carlson's Marines ended up on another island and were abandoned. The film, of course, could not tell that story, not in 1943, so this little fantasy was fabricated and hurried to be thrown to the beat of the drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, while Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) leads a unit composed almost entirely of cartoons, the green recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene) , the crackling of the country (Rod Cameron), the completely American boy (Alan Curtis) and dozens of jokes (when they were not laughing) 'Japs'. And yet, the cast almost outperforms the material. Almost. The narrow range of Randolph Scott adapts well to his role as serious commander and has the backing of a solid group of professionals who do everything possible with fine porridge. But in the end, the object of an exercise note wins. Any simulation is completely abandoned when it is closed when Randy Scott simply looks directly at the camera and issues a call to arms. The cast was better than this material. This was the audience. It should be seen with Reefer Madness and a bottle of moderate-priced Merlot.
