The DVD has become the equivalent of the old double-bill night circuit, the last chance to see old movies about to be completely forgotten as The Border. There were great expectations for this in 1982? a screenplay co-written by Walon Green of The Wild Bunch, Jack Nicholson in the days when he could still perform without a traffic light and a great supporting cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), directed by Tony Richardson (although it was almost a Force spent by then? But now it does not even appear on television.The material certainly offers a lot of possibilities to comment on the American Dreams of the 1980s about capitalism and conspicuous consumption, with the patrolman of the Nicholson frontier doing he ignores the improvised drug trafficking or the trafficking of people to finance his wife's relentless materialism, until he rediscovers his conscience when he discovers that his companions are also in the business of selling babies ... Unfortunately, he never gets his hands dirty, Even to turn a blind eye before your decency comes to the surface.The film always feels watered down as if many rewrite s and too many committees would have neutralized it and, unfortunately, the recent release of the DVD is a missed opportunity to restore the original and nihilistic ending where Nicholson goes over the edge and bombs the border patrol station. that was cut off after the preview hearings considered it too depressing, but it still stood out in the movie's advancements. <br /> <br /> While that probably was not too convincing considering Nicholson's scant crisis of conscience in the film, it had to be better than the crude highlight in which the film abandons logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point he is holding the characters at gunpoint, then he is in another place and they are free trying to kill him, a character leaves an injured person in his house to jump like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande, while the character of Valerie Perrine becomes more foolish at an exponential level. The villains of the piece are removed with an absurd facility (and an impressive car trick) in time for a clumsily edited happy ending and you start to wonder if you somehow find yourself watching another movie altogether. What makes it even more awkward is that the rest of the film is so flat and disappointing that the sudden jolt of melodrama is even more discordant. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful title song, Across the Borderline, says it all much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, you're totally wasting the great Warren Oates in a very unimportant part. When even he can not impress, you know something is really wrong. In general, very easy to remember why it seemed so forgettable at that time.
