This film deals with the kidnapping of children from the point of view of a mother (Lisa Hartman Black) who acts as a man would in an action thriller. Unlike other films in which the attention is focused on the police, here the mother is tracking her ex-husband who kidnapped her son. She receives help from her lawyer, who finally falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before finally catching up with your child, many strange things happen. Mom tries to take a child who looks like her child from a local Children's Play at a community theater. She is caught, and then realizes that she is not her son. That alone would have made it possible for most people to enter the mental ward or a few months in jail awaiting trial. However, in this film, the mother is released after a couple of hours because the parents of the victim feel sorry for her. Shortly after, Mom bursts into her mother-in-law's house and then the police arrive and they point her with their weapons, but they let her flee because they recognize her (and feel sorry for her?). <br /> <br /> At another time in the story, they found the boy, but when the police arrived to search the house, he went out the back door and got into the river in a boat that, apparently, the father I had just around for an emergency escape! The mother gets someone to lend her a raft, and although it must have taken some time (in a real world), she and the lawyer-boyfriend, and the police reach the other raft fast enough and it's upside down. The water by land. Instead of leaving the raft to look for dad on earth, Mom assumes that he drowned the boy and jumps into the water when he sees his life jacket. Of course, she can not swim and sinks like a rock. The lawyer saves her, but they lose the opportunity to run after the father. At one point, the mother is told that her son died in a clinic in Mexico. And it goes on and on, and where it stops nobody knows! Somehow, this movie really exploits kidnapping of children and is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman do all the crazy things that men do in this type of movie was fun (or fun).
