To review this film, I would certainly have to cite that memorable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she does to make a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing that made it worthwhile was a pilot." Vincent asks "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules enters into a very good description of what a television pilot is like: "Well, the way they do the programs is they do a program, that program is called 'pilot', then they show that program to people who do the programs, and by force of that program, decide if they are going to do more programs, some pilots are chosen and become television programs, others do not, they become nothing, she starred in one of those that became nothing. . Now to talk about what Jules was talking about, there are billions of TV shows / pilots that never aired because they just were not ... well, good. Probably the most notorious driver that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off for "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as leader. Hmmm, would anyone really want to be watching Radar for half an hour trying to solve crimes? Therefore, the show was never picked up. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots almost never show up in the air, as they are strictly made for television networks to decide. Some have surpassed them and reached the air (the pilot of the animated series "American Dad" comes to mind, since the series of the program itself did not begin until almost four months later, however, there are times when everyone should be happy that the pilots never go on the air, and this is the reason. <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", an alleged link to the classic Mel Brooks comedy, "Blazing Saddles", is an event and the insipid "comedy" with little heart and no soul. "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, however, with its racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind "what idiot decided it would be a great TV show FOR PRIME TIME TV? "I say" I supposed ", because none of the memorable characters in the film, apart from Bart, continues in this mess of a television show Mel Brooks did not even participate in the production of the series and this was the first error in a long queue (in a related story, recently I found out about a television pilot not released for a series based on the movie "Clerks") that Ke vin Smith was not involved in ... you see what happens?!?). <br /> <br /> Located somewhere around the same time the movie is seen (or not at all), the story revolves around the only Black Sheriff in the wild west, appropriately named 'Black' Bart, who is he is played by the future winner of an Academy Award Louis Gossett Jr., obviously before his time in the "real" performance, while in this game he plays a Richard "classified G" Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon copies (if not, really bad) of the characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a similar-looking character named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is quick with the weapon. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, rather a scam of the character, since she is a show dancer and a German with an accent and personality type Marlene Dietrich. While that is practically the end of the similarities, the main "bad boy" in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, who assumed that it would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. would secure the rights to the name "Blazing Saddles" ) and his son Curley ... I do not know, Taggart, I suppose. History is a bad excuse for a comedy, much less a pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drunken son and has an out-of-control behavior that has caused the city to turn. Actually, it's a story that tries to present all the characters in the "series" and does not focus on the variety and context that would make this a "right" show. I can not really call it a comedy (and even if I wanted to) and that's mainly the fact that it was recorded in the backlot of Warner Bros. Studios and then a laugh song was added, so the show is set up almost exactly as " M * A * S * H ​​"(complete with a bland and bland" laugh "that is identical to the series). The acting is regular, but there is a part that always makes me laugh, and that's when the actor who plays Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries to remember them while trying to spit out a dialogue. SAY AH! The script is quite boring and tries to make racism more humorous than it was in the movie (Surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" several times throughout a 22-minute episode, quite delicate your period of time) and even to this day) and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get this invisible piece of sssss ... an interesting and novel article, watch it only for the feeling of seeing the pilots. (It's in the collector's edition of "Blazing Saddles", God knows why). There, you yourself have a first-hand opportunity for the reason why many movie pilots are never broadcast.
