It was difficult to sit through this horrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was chosen because he is tall and thin. His skull-shaped face became a good zombie in the new version of Dawn of the Dead, but as Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. Frewer not only has a long and sloppy ride that is hard to see, but he also looks uncomfortable with the stereotyped Holmes coats he wears. Not only that, but while the coat is gray serge, apparently could not find a matching cap. Then his cap is black and looks shiny as if it were made of polyester. Whatever the cap was, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore those traditional outfits, but Brett did not have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to wear the role. Frewer on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in the full dress of "Holmes," he does not behave like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's cadaverous face smiles all the time as he casts over and over again a very bad British "Upper Crust" accent. It is painful to see and hear. To say that Frewer is exaggerating is a euphemism. After each sentence ends with some kind of nasal buzz, then he mocks as if it were a British trait. When I started watching this, I thought it could be a comedy with Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought that Frewer had been chosen as a kind of foil for Wishbone. But, unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie, except Frewer. Wishbone would have greatly improved this movie. <br /> <br /> Not only Frewer's version of Sherlock Holmes never stops talking (with that artificially artificial British nasal accent), but he is very friendly and kind. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he talks to, and he's so polite and courteous that he could be teaching in a Spell School instead of being a Detective. Maybe since this is a Hallmark Channel production, they are trying to make a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was also better at that) who was kinder and gentler. Whatever the point of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, it's flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've seen (even the worst of all, by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br /> In general, the tone of this movie is horrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. All the suspects acted suspiciously and looked at the victims before being killed. Holmes and Watson explain each track to each other throughout the film. Even in Murder She Wrote there is less exposure. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not even compare very well with Jim Rockford of the Rockford Archives and is miles below Columbo. The terrible dialogue is probably the fault of the writer. It is obvious that whoever wrote this script has very little familiarity with Sherlock Holmes, especially with the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This movie has the whole atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors look smiling when they enunciate their lines with their false accents does not help. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot is Ken Walsh, who plays Doctor Watson with a certain dignity. Walsh does not compare him to Frewer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his behavior and conversation style are much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateur, and the visual clues they give us when they look at us and make them look at each other (to show that they are suspicious) is something I have not seen in any modern movie.
