I'm going to write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (the (famous) scene in it). So you're warned, if you have not seen the movie yet. These are just my thoughts, why I think the movie fails (in the end, pun). <br /> <br /> Acting wisely, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost transmits portraying someone almost a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good, but loses his "evil" touch just before the end. If it never really changes, why would he let a woman tie him up? He would not do it, period. Then we also have the waiter / second rape friend. Actually I do not think you need it. At least not for the second violation, but more on that later. <br /> <br /> Let's review the story. The character of Rosarios is sexually insecure, she could even have lesbian tendencies (look at her scene with a friend). This was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is a sexual tension between them. The character of Rosario meets a boy, who is a sexual predator, in all the bad senses. But he impresses you. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that her character had a boyfriend before. I am sorry I disagree. Because she acts, as if she were her first boyfriend, which also underlines her telephone conversation with her mother. Speaking of your mother, here is another problem. After the first violation, the character of Rosarios does not tell anyone what happened. Seeing that his relationship with his mother is very close, none of that is explored after that. If the character of Rosarios no longer called his mother or behaved strangely, the mother would be worried as crazy. There was a lot of potential here. Also her friend: we see her at the party, it is obvious that something is happening and "boom" is gone. <br /> <br /> The first violation is almost unbearable to watch. But it feels like a pinch, when you compare it to the end (rape), it feels like you're hit with a hammer! After the violation no. 1 we have too stretched scenes. The threads are opened (as her construction work is an indication that she could be a lesbian, as claimed by a man who tried to hit her ...), but it was left uncovered. No real social contact is established, if you leave out the waiter, who is involved in the second and last rape scene. It is evident that he is not a "good" guy and that his character has developed a bit. But when the character of Rosarios meets his rapist in class again, his participation in the film seems futile. We understand that the character of Rosarios is no longer the same, that she became "bad" and can hurt people. (Also) Many scenes show exactly that, their being without emotion only doing drugs and other things. Back to rapist # 1 who cheats in a test, is captured by the character of Rosaries and decide to leave together again (really?). As absurd as it sounds, the boy meets her, not without having seen him beforehand, with another girl (it is very likely that he has also raped her, although fortunately we never saw anything like that) and his football career. Well, the race is a stretch and he is intimidated. This is an attempt to give some depth to your character and it almost works, but again it's too cliché to stay with you. So rapist # 1 is given to the character of Rosaries ... why exactly? Because he promised her, was it his day? Again, really? A guy like that never loses control, especially with a woman he raped before ... I guess this should show us how stupid he is. The barman's boy would have worked like someone who could have hit him in the head or something, but letting him submit like that just feels bad. Another possibility would have a drug in your drink. <br /> <br /> So the rapist n. ° 1 gets naked and blindfolded and the character of Rosarios ties him to a bed ... seriously, it's crazy! But what comes next is even more crazy. First, she speaks to him, then "closes" him and forces him against him. This is as hard to see as the number one rape scene. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And, of course, that was what they were looking for. Now, after she's "finished", the waiter comes in and rapes ... the rapist # 1. If this really worked like a revenge movie, it would have been better if the Rosarios character had been doing all the "revenge" . Make a minion do the work, remove everything that was built. <br /> <br /> This is not supposed to be entertaining / enjoyable, it's a difficult watch and it's Art-house. But the 10 minute violation scene (I did not count) in the end, it just destroys everything. The rosary character is more or less, just observing what happens. Which brings me to the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the rape scene, but the movie continued (even if it returned to the time). Rosario is looking at the camera at the end and says something about having to overcome this. First, that comes a little late, you should see her say that after the initial violation. And secondly, and more importantly, this is where the Art-house movie should have entered. It is more interesting to see where the character of Rosarios would go after the second rape scene and how he would manage, with what he had done. But, again, she really did not do much physically (see above) ... a broken character that the movie cuts ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had worked before), but by not to be able to convey most things, they set out to do it (even if you can see what they meant, it has to be convincing, otherwise it does not work) ... not to mention the rape scenes as they are ...
