One of the most peculiar romantic movie plots is the following: a seriously entangled man falls in love with a woman with a terminal illness, who turns his life around before dying. Occasionally, this story is done well and realistically (as in "The Theory of Flight", an excellent whining), but more often it is done as here, where the heroine dies of "Old Movie Disease". You know, the terminal illness that has no symptoms, but a faint and the need to go to bed while you say goodbye to your lover forever; and his appearance is not affected at all (and since this is the 70's, neither is his sex life). This is one of the worst versions made of that particular story, where a very silly script gathers two incompatible and incredible characters, and they are played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> This has to be the worst performance of Al Pacino's career, and I say it after having seen "The Devil's Advocate" only two days ago! Play a racing car driver, emotionally constipated and control, and plays a nasty lifeless character. It seems he constantly wonders why he stays close to Marthe Keller's fence (like the audience), and spends most of the movie ... standing there, usually with his mouth open. The only time he shows any sign of life is towards the end, where his character proves that he has changed from tense to liberated by doing an imitation of Mae West hilariously bad. Hey, it was * the decade of the seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is just as terrible as the moribund interest; his character was conceived as audacious, free, moving, uninhibited and full of life despite dying, and was probably played with an actress with the sensitivity of, for example, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got Mrs. Keller's expressionless face and strong German accent, which looks more like a terrifying Teutonic stereotype ("VILLAS will you eat an omelet!") Instead of something worthy of being loved. He's supposed to be reforming Pacino and filling him with courage, spirit and all that, but it does not work that way, it's more like he's insisting on his faults in the most unpleasant way possible. This makes it one of the least convincing romances in film history, where you can not believe that she would be with someone she finds so useless, and you can not believe she is with someone who bothers her so much. <Br /> <br /> Some fans of bad movies call this a cult classic, mainly because of the "liberating" imitation of Mae West by Pacino. The scene is a scream, especially in context, but it's not worth sitting for the rest of the movie. No, just watch the movie if you're a serious amateur of bad movies who are especially interested in studying Extreme Lack of Chemistry among the main actors, or Very Bad Casting (not only the tracks are terrible, but Pacino's other girlfriend is interpreted by a The actress that looks and sounds just like Keller with shorter hair, I completely confused them). This is not one of those bad laugh movies to the minute like "The Conqueror", it's just a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
