I can not for my life remember why, I must have had a free ticket or something, but I saw this movie in the cinema when it was released. I do not remember who I was with, what theater I was in, or even in what city. The only thing I remember is how offended I was by this parody that someone dared to call a movie, and how half of the people in the theater left before the film was over. Unfortunately, I stayed to finish, which I still consider one of the worst mistakes of my life so far. My offense turned into pure horror when, just before the final credits, the demon child looks out from behind a sign and says "Look for the problem child 2, soon!" That was the most terrifying moment ever recorded in the movie. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, involved John Ritter and maybe his wife (Sir, how I tried unsuccessfully to block this). movie out of my mind) adopting a "problem child". Maybe they think they can reform it, or something like that. I really do not know. If that was their intention, they fail miserably because from the first frame to the last, this child is still the most foggy, gross and horrible monstrosity of demons that has ever hit the big screen. Forget Damian, forget Rosemary's baby. This boy takes the cake. The only difference is that we are supposed to feel sorry for him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible, since this child is probably the most unpleasant character ever represented. You want to kill him through the whole movie, and when (RODE, as nobody cares) John Ritter decides to stay with vile hell, you'll be screaming "Send him back!" in shock disgusted (like several of the people in the theater where I saw him). <br /> <br /> This is only the second movie I have given a "1" in the IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and by God I could not tell you which was worse. John Ritter had an appointment in the TV Guide about the time Problem Problem 3 came out, where he was not. He said something like "The only way I would do another sequel to [Problem Child] is if they drag my corpse back to act." Amen to that! <br /> <br /> I'd rather see a 24-hour marathon of the Police Academy, than see even twenty minutes of Problem Child again. 1/10, just because I can not give you a negative score, which is what it really deserves. Somebody burns the original negatives of this movie, please!
