Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon begins aboard a plane full of American high school teenagers who are on their way to play a football game in Japan, unfortunately, during a thunderstorm, their plane crashes in the Himalayas. Really bad luck With some dead and others alive, the survivors have to think about themselves and decide to wait until help arrives. However, just when they believe their luck can not get worse, they soon discover that a huge and hairy creature, Abominable Snowman Yeti wants to kill and eat them all. Trapped, cold, hungry and struggling to survive will help reach teenagers stranded on time? <br /> <br /> Yes, with a title like Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon, it can only mean one thing, and that is that someone on the Sci-Fi Channel has done another 'Feature of the Creature', although for Give them some variety, the Sci-Fi Channel here in the UK now calls them "Feast of the Beasts." As if that made a difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, one has to say that Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible but entertaining film at the same time, it is certainly bad, but sometimes it is also fun. The basic premise is that it's actually fine, it's kind of a cross between Alive (1993) with his plane crash and survivors who have to spin the cannibal to survive and the excellent bloody murderer Bigfoot (another legendary furry monster) movie of Exploitation Night of the Demon (1980)) that I would defend with my last breath and I have to say that it is not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but as I said, it is fun at times, if it is not exactly tight or well written. The characters are mostly annoying American teenagers, there are the expected arguments, there is a macho hero, a strong woman and a coward who thinks only of himself, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some holes in the plot, if a load of people in an airplane crashes, why only send two rangers on foot to look for them? How are you going to dig a big hole and line it up with sharp sticks in the space of ten minutes? Why did the Yeti not kill the bird in the end? He had killed everyone else until then, so why not her? The spin 'actually there are two of Yeti running' is also not used for any effect at all. At least there is a good rhythm in the movie, it certainly moves at a pretty old pace and I never found myself getting bored with it. There is some moderately bloody action and the movie has a certain fascination to see if the children will survive or not and if they will eat their dead comrades or not. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can always do. For example, the "Characteristics of the creature" of the science fiction channel or the "Feast of the beasts" is that the effects of the CGI computer will laugh out loud and that proves to be the case once again. The accident of the airplane at first seems horrible and the Yeti when it is CGI seems simply embarrassing to jump around as if it were in a pogo stick. There are one or two beautiful bloody scenes that include a torn arm, a crushed head, a ripped heart, some corpses, some blood spatter and the best when the Yeti breaks a boy in half and hits him with his own scam Legs before biting a large piece of them. According to the IMDb, the actor who played the Yeti took three and a half hours to put on the costume and make-up, which seems a long time, since in reality it is a very shabby creation. Apparently, the original title was Raksha: Curse of the Snow Demon, with Raksha meaning demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so you know. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values ​​considering the usual material of the Science Fiction Channel that they produce. The location of the mountain is not at all like the harsh and gloomy Himalayas and it was probably near some ski center somewhere and during many of the daytime scenes it actually looks pleasantly warm. The acting is not so good and I did not think any of the girls looked so good, which did not help either. <br /> <br /> Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon is another terrible Sc-Fi channel 'Feature of the creature' if I am sincere, no sensible person will like it, but if you are looking for some fun with horror theme, this is not so bad and there are one or two entertaining moments that make it a little visible, even if it is not very good.
