When I was little my parents took me to the theater to see Interiors. It was one of the many movies I watched with my parents, but this was the only one we went out of. Since then I had never seen Interiors until recently and could have lived the rest of my life without it. What a pretentious, ponderous, and painfully boring piece of 1970s wine and cheese tripe. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst piece of shit in his career. In the unmistakable style of Ingmar Berman, Allen offers us a dark, angular, subdued vision in the lives of a family caused by the psychological damage caused by divorce, estrangement, career, love, non-love, halitosis, everything. The film intentionally has no comic relief, no music and is full of dark pathos. This cinematic style can best be defined as expressionist in nature, using an improvised dialogue method to indicate a "more pronounced depth of meaning and truth". But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and boring. But beyond that, I simply had no connection or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead, I felt only contempt for this parade of mingling, whining, stained nicotine, martyrs in a perpetual search for identity. In a scenario of cosmopolitan affluence and baked brie intelligentsia, history looms like a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in the affected banalities and in the elevated language among cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "in trouble", desperate for a direction, an understanding or anything else, and they go on and on to the point where they want to slap them all. It is never a matter of resolution, it is only an interminable chatter. It is nothing more than a psychological drama taken to the extreme beyond the ability of the public to connect. Woody Allen has chosen to make the characters so immersed in themselves that we feel excluded. And for this reason I found this film painfully self-indulgent and spiritually draining. I see what he was doing, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques takes him beyond the point of relevance. I highly recommend this if you feel a little too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's pretend that this film never happened.
