Airport '77 begins as a brand new 747 luxury plane laden with precious paintings and belonging to the wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who is flying them and a group of VIPs in his estate in preparation to be opened to the public as a museum , also on board is Stevens' daughter, Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxurious airliner takes off as planned, but in mid-air the plane is joined by co-pilot Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplices Banker (Mount Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) who hit passengers and 'crew with the gas to sleep, they plan to steal the precious cargo and land on a disused strip on an isolated island, but as he makes his descent, Chambers hits almost an oil platform in the Ocean and loses control of the 'plane sending it to crash into the sea where it sinks to the bang in the lower right in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With short-range air, water leaking out and flying over 200 miles off course, problems arise for survivors waiting for help with time running out ... <br /> < br /> Also known under the slightly different Airport 1977 card this second sequel to the thrash disaster Airport (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson and while again like its predecessors I can't say Airport '77 is a kind of forgotten classic is fun, though not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three airport films I have seen so far, I really liked this one, the best, right. Has my favorite plot of the three with a nice hi-jacking in midair and then the crash (didn't you see the oil rig?) And the sinking of the 747 (maybe the producers were trying to cross the original airport with a another the popular hit movie of the period The Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and submerged is where it remains until the end with a hard dilemma in front of those trapped inside, or suffocate when the air runs out or drown like the floods of 747 or if any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that could have created a fantastic little disaster, but a nasty bad character, a boring dialogue, lethargic series and a real lack of danger or suspense or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. While the rather weak plot keeps you entertained for 108 odd minutes it doesn't happen long after the plane sinks and there's not as much urgency as I thought it should have been. Even when the Navy is involved, things don't take much with some shots of huge ships and helicopters flying around but there's just something missing here. George Kennedy as the tiring line operator Joe Patroni is back, but he only gets a couple of scenes and barely says anything that he prefers to look just worried in the background. <br /> <br /> The home video and theatrical version of Airport '77 run 108 minutes while the American TV versions add an extra hour of shooting, including a new sequence of opening titles, many other scenes with George Kennedy as Patrons, flashbacks to embody characters, longer rescue scenes and the discovery or another couple of corpses including the navigator. While I would like to see this extra video I am not sure I can sit at a cut near the '77 Airport. As expected, the film is badly dated with horrible fashions and interior design choices, I won't say anything else that the effects of the toy airplane model are not even large. Along with the other two sequels at the airport, this is a place of honor in the Razzie Award Hall of Shame, although I think of many films worse than this, so I think it's a bit tough. Unfortunately the action scenes are a bit boring, the pace is slow and not much excitement or tension is generated, which is a shame because I think this could have been a pretty good movie if done correctly. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are fine if they are not spectacular. The acting is not exceptional, said two-time Oscar winner Jack Lemmon as it was a mistake to act in this film, once Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and frail, even an Oscar winner Lee Grant seems drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is given little to do and there are plenty of other familiar faces to watch out for. <br /> <br /> The '77 airport is the most disastrous of the three airport films so far and I liked the ideas behind it even though they were a bit silly, the production and insipid management does not help and a film about a sunken plane shouldn't be boring or lethargic. Followed by The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
