The summer season is here when the choices in theaters are limited to what is the hottest movie of the week, given 99.9% of the screens dedicated to projecting it. OK, so I could overdo the percentage, but you understand my direction. Besides things from Hollywood, Bollywood also has its share of much anticipated successes, and from some of the trailers shown, I was invited to watch them. Tashan was announced as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was rather surprised by the low attendance at the theaters. When I saw Jodha Akbar, he was a full house, but it wasn't for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After seeing it, I knew why. It was fun, but fundamentally weak. Just as it is literal English title, which means "Style", Tashan is all style, but little substance. Not that it doesn't have the usual stellar power, but the scenes felt forced, and some limited to a bit ridiculous, even by Bollywood standards, I must say. Which is quite surprising given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed very much. <br /> <br /> In his directorial debut with Tashan, while you cannot criticize his direction, you would probably scratch your head on the plot, which was at most clunky. He tried to force too many things into the story, even though the credit was given where he allowed you to go some way to questioning the character's motivation, but it came a little too late, and only towards the end, which you he left to guess only a moment previously captured in full-blown action that mimics many Thai action movies, with the Hong Kong strap and firearms and ridiculous guns of Hollywood with zero recoil. And in an attempt to include everything, including the kitchen sink, you have an assortment of vehicles that appear, and the one who took the cake, in a tribute to Dhoom 2, was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be seen as an involuntary comedy, and this is attributed to the way the cast has hit their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who teaches English, only as a platform for fishing material for new girlfriends. His playboy ways are put aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly the person that looks like, the mild and sweet hottie. He commits the services of Jimmy to his boss, the gangster Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably takes most of the laughs while he speaks broken English and the sentences must please how he does an ah-beng. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster who is hired by Bhaiyyaji to hunt down Jimmy and Pooja when they run away with the money stolen from Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> So start a road a journey of some kind, with friends who have turned enemies, and enemies you know will become friends as the journey wears off. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unbelievable of all, because he goes from zero to hero, performing moves that Shame would be ashamed of, in absolutely no time, which is quite out of character. Kareena Kapoor amplifies the sex factor while using her charm to deceive both men, and she has many opportunities to do so given the much publicized bikini scenes, and other costumes that boast of deep necklines or above-the-knee hems. Each character created a backstory and I thought that Akshay Kumar's Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, the most moving and the funniest of the lot, even if his character seemed very similar to a non-green Incredible Hulk with his jumps challenging gravity and power packaging packages. Even his wounds heal automatically, which shamefully impresses Wolverine. And the best part is his theme song, which is damn alpha-evil and plays in ra ra mode every time he faces opponents. <br /> <br /> But sad to say, this is the only melody that is memorable, something that cheers "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films I watch, I will usually be able to, despite obvious language gaps, emerge from the projections by humming a melody or two. I was not able to do it after Tashan, because the songs unfortunately were not at all appealing. Usually the song / dance routine works well in the plot without any need to take the characters out of the scene or current place. That I enjoy, instead of tearing them and putting them in extreme places on a mountain top, or atop jagged rocks on the waterfront. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably didn't take himself too seriously, but he comes from Vijay The story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a little more decent rather than ridiculous, and for continuity even a little more careful. Presented as a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why the crowds have already avoided this. Although Akshay Kumr stole the show, Tashan could have been better overall.
