Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution begins when America is infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population, when it awakened men who indiscriminately kill any woman in sight apparently in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley ) was introduced by the government and knows more than most of the senses have not already been taken too far, so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to bring his teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) with him & try to survive because the future of the human race may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian co-production is episode 7 of season 2 of the Masters of Horrror series, directed by Joe Dante I thought the Screwfly Solution was rather ugly. I personally think that Sam Hamm's screenplay sucks, takes itself too seriously and I don't really understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror the filmmakers are looking for in The Screwfly Solution is in the true story itself, themes and ideas, it brings out rather than on screen the visual horror, in particular the tenuous ecological message that sees intent to slam down our throats every time it has the possibility during the short period of 60 minutes that I felt it was a problem how the thing ends only for what could be interpreted as necessity rather than any significant attempt to conclude things. Was I not even happy with the inconsistencies with the story if the men only killed when they got sexually excited because the flight attendant accidentally broke that woman's neck on the plane? He was sexually aroused, I think not. Why does every guy think he's killing in the name of God? I can't see every single individual on Earth suddenly knowing the Bible and starting to believe in God, I just found the ridiculous notion and the show clearly states that there is nothing religious about what's going on, so what's the problem with all those who think they have a divine in murdering a woman they see? Then there is the fact that people are activated for different things, for example, gays? Will they kill boys instead of women? I know there's a short scene that jokes about the gay problem, but it's conveniently brushed to one side and then there's the thing that bothered me the most. The fact that presumably every guy on earth has turned psychopathy and killed all the women who do in their daily affairs like nothing has ever happened, is simply so stupid, the plot is rubbish and to top it off there is an ending that it seems to have been taken from a rejected episode of The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a foreign neon luminous. <br /> <br /> The director Dante in this projection does not qualify as a Master of Horror as far as I am concerned, the plot is sadly, it is simply so stupid considering that it is interpreted in a lethal way and instead of trying to make a real horror show turns into a thriller with its deadly virus in a loose situation and the next mother and daughter on the run because of that, there is very little here in terms of what I would call effective horror and even less gore . There is a scene where a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a short scene later when a guy stabbed his groin with the bottle and another woman is stabbed in the stomach but nothing else to write home about . <br /> <br /> Technically like the other episodes it is really good and doesn't look like a cheap TV series, the special effects are great as usual and it's well done. Acting is fine, but nobody really stood out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly Solution is without doubt the worst episode of Masters of Horror I've seen, but I keep in mind that I haven't seen them all ... yet. As an independent piece of entertainment he did nothing for me and as a show made by a so-called Master of Horror disappoints me even more.
