Is the sight of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bikini the only thing that wakes you from sleep while you watch Tashan? the mega-disappointing and compelling movie coming out in theaters this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see some of them every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible because it takes its audience for granted, terrible also because the filmmakers expect to escape without a plot or common sense just because they have great stars of the cinema on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you would like to describe as a road movie, but one that is going in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who was hired to teach English in Bhaiyyaji - this is Anil Kapoor who plays an ambitious UP gangster, desperate for a new style. Jimmy has his eye on Pooja, the gracious gangster's assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to scam his boss for 25 rupees. Determined to recover his money and also to punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the faithful helper of the Kanpur gangster, who tracks down the culprits and recovers the stolen money that is hiding far and wide across the country. Much like those potent villains of the 1980s, Tashan is also together from a frayed script centered on a plot of revenge. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so lenient that it could not establish any connection. Instead of a coherent script or a traditional structure in three acts, you get a handful of scenic pieces around which most of the scenes are roughly constructed. That flashy desert song, the action scene dodged by bullets in a fort of Rajasthan, Kareeena's bikini moment, even that ridiculous climate action scene complete with shaolin monks, a water scooter that hurtles through a dirty naala, and believe it or not, even a horse-drawn Dhanno style tonga. In all honesty, not all of these scenic elements are badly made - the object voice in the desert is actually quite orderly - but very little makes sense in the big picture, because you're going from one piece to another without really using the script. Little do you expect in a seemingly hectic road movie, to find an annoyingly sentimental flashback on childhood lovers. See the problem with Tashan no one is associated with this movie he knew which movie they were making. Besides, I don't think he cared - the film smells of arrogance. By arbitrarily taking on all sorts of items without even bothering to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan is like an overcooked meat stew. There are movies that kill you sweetly, and then there's Tashan, a movie that kills you excessively. Elegantly packaged with a glossy finish camera, exotic settings and imaginative costumes, each frame of the film probably costs thousands of thousands of pounds to put together, but in the end it still looks like an empty piece because the story doesn't hold. The narrative on loan from Tarantino and the style of Stephen Chow do not even help because they do not blend with the subtle texture of the film. Someone may have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging, but Anil Kapoor Hinglish's strident dialogue makes you want to cut your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan fiddles with the movie foolishly, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, over-the-top delivery queen, does a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is recovered to some extent, it is thanks to the irresistible presence of Akshay Kumar and his spontaneous approach to the character. You get upset when he cups his horse repeatedly, and you ring when he delivers those double meaning dialogues, but not for a moment you can look away from the screen when he's up there. Despite some good Vishal-Shekhar music, the songs seem to be only prolonging your suffering. Well, that's because Tashan is a test of your patience. In case you didn't know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say, this film has none.
