Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut should be a fan's dream come true. In the end, shooting only in photos and scenes that only existed on the printed page would finally come to life. A director who was unable to complete his vision would have had the opportunity to get his vision back. It looks like a winning situation. And then you start watching this assembly of videos and you realize that this "esoteric dream" is a real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence. While it is entirely possible that no film can compete with the perfect finished version that each of us has imagined over the years it should have really been a thrill to finally see this project. And it's only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know that things are shaky when the first piece of text on the screen resembles the computer graphics of homemade beer. But then we start to see new movies (alternate from Superman - The Movie for the trial) and that first piece of hesitation vanishes. Hey, that's pretty nice! Things are good for these few fleeting moments until we see the STM movie mixed with new effects for this project, and it doesn't convince at all. And from this point on, you never leave again. It is probably not fair to judge a film due to bad visual effects, but when this is presumably the direct sequel to a movie whose tag was "You believe a man can fly" it is hard to believe everything that is shown on the screen here . The best effects in this are from the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this clipping. It just doesn't make sense. The only reason it really works is because we've all seen the stage version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester's Superman II fills the holes in this assembly. Part of this could be due to the fact that Donner could not complete the filming, the other part could be because the creators of this project were willing to use as little Lester material as possible. What we finish is an assembly of films that makes Superman IV watertight and consistent. <br /> <br /> After seeing this, one gets the feeling that while Lester was faithful and comfortable in using Donner material, Michael Thau and his team was extremely disrespectful of anything Lester filmed . The best scenes of The Donner Cut are those raised relatively intact by the released version of Superman II. This includes the lunar sequence and the dinner sequence, not ironically, both were shot by Donner. But something else from that film shot by Lester is re-edited so hastily, that now it makes Lester look like a handful of ham without knowing anything. While Lester honored Donner material, Lester is thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> So is there something good about this release? Well, there's Marlon Brando, and it's nice to see. In fact, watching any of Donner's footage is clean because it was shot at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the problems of this version. Any of the main scenes (actually only Lois jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as scenes completed in a section of the deleted scenes. Instead they are scarred into a meaningless narrative with lower performance (many alternative scenes are used from familiar scenes), sloppy modifications and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene of the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back while calling Lois and Clark? In the end why do we have Lois walking into her dark apartment just to have the one followed by Jackie Cooper entering a dark bathroom turning on the lights? Initially I was confused by this, because I expected to see Lois. The entire assembly is full of questionable choices like this. <br /> <br /> Even the battle scenes are a disaster, with no geography between the cuts. It's just a random action. Of course, the main action scenes were shot by Lester and his material is only used as a bridge for Donner's next set of outners or substitutes. They should have used more footage of Lester, but they probably had too much pride to admit it. <br /> <br /> Even sloppiness extends to the military missile. As noted elsewhere, the missile shown in The Donner Cut carries the designation "XK 10" while we all know it is "XK 101"! A blind man in STM knows it! The producers of this assembly, who have tried so hard to honor the original film, have thrown the ball less than five minutes and this error is indicative of the quality of the entire production. Despite all the alleged care that has been placed in this, the final product has an air of thinness that is inevitable. <br /> <br /> The whole thing would probably be easier to digest if Warner's didn't make it a separate release here in the states. As it is, we expect that we pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with the "Play all" option. It is really worth seeing just to finally see the legendary cut scenes, but after that initial vision, I expect this will be an excellent magnet for dust and little else. I know that after my experience with this, I had a new respect for Lester's version. It's not absolutely perfect, but Lester has understood the gaps in the script that stand out here with great relief. He has succeeded in making a film that he has entertained for many years and will continue to do so, while this new re-enactment will probably be remembered only as a note in depth in the history of cinema.
