OK, so I heard about this new Justin Timberlake movie that has some big names. I mean big actors like The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, a Hollywood resource, though completely wasted on this movie. Then we have Kevin Spacey, who I've been a big fan of since I saw American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both of these great actors probably signed the film thinking that it would be a great movie like I did when I heard the story. Then enter a fresh-faced Justin Timberlake. I say cool in the face because this is his first film and those rotten tomatoes haven't hit him yet. Well, the reason for this, I might add, is because no one will ever see this movie or worry about reading this review. The film is so terrible that when I entered the first 15 minutes. The characters were so three-dimensional as to make some characters in the Bible seem like the Don Corleone. They took the covers and stuff worthy of the sound. The problematic black guy token (LL COOL J) who is with a gorgeous woman with whom he otherwise would not even have belonged in real life. The captain is a tiny boy who speaks so sharply. And what a lousy movie would be complete without the hero getting richer because of an experience. Oh and a lot of cannon fire, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NOT !!!) The type of cannon fire that leaves everyone in the police who is dead crooked and the hero prevails. They took flamethrowers and rocket launchers, REally no kidding. <br /> <br /> Bottom line if you want to see Edison because you are a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, to all the girls of 13 years out there, have fun !! I wish I had more hands, because then I would have had more thumbs, because this movie is so terrible because then I could give so many thumbs down that thumbs down wouldn't mean anything anymore because this movie is so terrible because it sucks so much that it sucks so much that it has made to laugh at the frustration of the plot because it wouldn't end because the fire and the screams kept happening. <br /> <br /> YOU MAY HAVE MISERICORDIA ON ALL OF US and save us from these terrible movies. Well, it could be worse, another terrible RNB actor turned the singer into a terrible actor, and took a look at IN THE MIX lol, or even get rich or die trying. "Now the special thing about that movie is who is 30 and plays 16 or even younger, I could go on with these.
