I thought it was time to let it out. Pokémon fans are suffering in America these days. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our most popular series and movies. As for the series, they do a good job of bringing the fun and magic of Japanese versions to television. So what's their problem when it comes to movies? Honestly, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I'll definitely see the fourth. They are excellent films. They are all fun and fun to watch. And, after seeing Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can't help but wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. The way it appears, it looks like they read and see something that says "Enter empty morals here" in big and bold letters. It certainly appears this way because they used the same wonderful dubbing methods they used on MSB (extreme sarcasm there) and created this shit. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers from here on * <br /> <br /> Well, I guess I should talk about Pikachu's Rescue Adventure first. My first complaint with this came without narration. I imagine they received enough negative comments about the narrative of the Pokédex that plagued Pikachu's holiday and, instead of going with a gentle and caring woman's voice as it appears in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they simply cut the narrative together. This wouldn't have been a problem except one thing. Has anyone really understood why the Exeggcute didn't allow Togepi to go to the end? Maybe the fans, but I'm not sure the parents. Then, there is the theme song. I couldn't help but look up at this. The Japanese-themed song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and funny. This: nauseating. Now, one of my favorite parts of the short was the Kireihana dance. Beautiful music, fun to watch. This changed with the Bellossom. The music sucked for one, but what's more they had all the talk of Pokémon during the music, which turned out to be nervous, annoying and unnecessary. Oh, and then there's the Poliwhirl who thinks he's a Poliwrath. You would think that the guys who work with these characters keep learning at least what they are. Basically, not much could save this little sick dub, which is very unpleasant considering its potential. But I haven't touched the worst of everything yet. <br /> <br /> You would think the warning signs would be obvious to me when I received my Nintendo Power number. For some unfathomable reason, I had placed my trust in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "well, they ruined the first movie, but the second one is different with regards to the theme, so they should do well". Bearing this in mind, I did not pay attention to the warning signs that I encountered in theaters when the trailers said: "You believe a person can make a difference". With the way they said that at every turn, I was hoping that this wouldn't turn into a moral festival like MSB at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears made with the words `the main feature 'The Power of One.' At that point, I became a little more uncomfortable. `The Power of One?! 'It's not a good sign. However, I still kept some of my false faith. Big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I literally took stomach cramps while watching another movie I loved in Japanese turned into complete and total garbage. I hear comments that say it was better because the moral was more subtle. I can see a point in this, since they didn't smooth this thing, repeating it over and over like in MSB. However, he did more damage than anything else in this film. First of all, the legend that was read in all has been modified a bit to read "the world becomes Ash". Ha ha. So, is Ash the chosen one? Everything. In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia needed a Pokémon trainer to perform their traditional ceremony. This time, he is the chosen one. A bigger way that caused damage was in Lugia. Lugia was one of the most interesting characters in a Pokémon movie ... when the film spoke of Lugia. In this, Lugia is forced to take a step back on Ash. In the scene where they are flying to the main island, Lugia and Ash are discussing the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash will make a difference. Altogether in this category, Ash was not really the "single person" who would have made the difference, since he was helped by many along the way. <br /> <br /> Many of the other things are a kind of nit collection. Furura's flute song was not as sweet and pleasant as the Japanese one. Did Jirarudan's speech to them that his collection `started with a Mew card? 'Ugh. Worse still, Misty's indignation originally concerned the way Moltres and Zapdos were detained. "Why didn't you put them in Pokéball when you captured them? This is like caging them to be shown." Very different from complaining about him thinking about Pokémon are things to collect like stamps. If there were real ransom values ​​in this, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. Not really to make me laugh out loud, but more to make me laugh and slightly alleviate stomach pains. Well, that was officially the last American Pokémon movie I'm going to see. I imported the third one and I find it very funny. I'd rather not see another Japanese movie ruined in the same way as the first two. I will also import the fourth. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You abandoned me for the last time.
