The wrong Hollywood obsession in the sequels has led to a number of different failures than the hits. For every "Godfather II", there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". While the original "Grease" is not a great film, the adaptation of the long Broadway hit of 1977 has evocative songs from the 60s, energetic choreography and an attractive cast. When Paramount started working on a sequel, the producers came almost empty on all the aspects that made the original a success. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for the spectators, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and evidently learned to read the scripts before signing the contracts. His talent and beauty were already evident in this document and Pfeiffer seems to express embarrassment about the humiliating dance routines and timeless songs that he is forced to perform. Maxwell Caulfield, however, does not even have the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions range from insensitive to catatonic. What romantic interest, beyond hormones, could have the fervent Pfeiffer in the impassive Caulfield? That boring mystery will last long after the playful playful ending fades into a bad memory. Only the cameos of veterans like Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have some wit, though Lorna Luft is slightly above the lame material. <br /> <br /> The reviewers complained that "Grease 2" is always compared to the original, the film is not up to par. However, even taken on its own terms, the film is a clunker. After a frantic opening number, which evidently ran out of the entire cast, the energy dissipates. With few exceptions, the original songs bear little resemblance to the early 1960s, and the only evoked nostalgia is for "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour". The jokes fall flat, and the choreography in a film directed by the choreographer Patricia Birch is clumsy to be polite. However, the worst films have been dealt to the public, and inept sequels will be made until the producers try to squeeze a penny in return from the makeover films. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even unintentionally funny. Instead, the film holds the viewer's attention like a bad train disaster. Just when all the bodies seem to have been recovered, the next scene falls into an even worse carnage.
