Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So obviously, I remember watching Grease since I was a child, while it was never my favorite musical or story, it still holds some special place in my heart because it's still a lot of fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided never to look at it, but my boyfriend said it wasn't so bad and my friend agreed, so I decided to give it a shot, but there I called and I just laughed. First of all the plot is totally stolen from the first and it wasn't really smart, not to mention the fact that they used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the Pink Ladies and T-Birds go on for years after the former bands left? Not to mention the enemy of the motor bike face to face, eh, what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first movie and these T-Birds were just stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year in Rydell and the music and dance didn't stop. But when a new student who is Sandy's cousin comes on, he is in love with a pink lady, Stephanie. But you have to stick to the code where only the Pink Ladies have to stay with the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train like T-Bird to win his heart. So he dresses like a rebel bandit of motorcycling who can ride well and defeat the evil motorcyclists from the simple kick of the T-Bird stubs. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will find out for himself? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like a stupid TV series that didn't work. The band didn't click as the first Grease did, not to mention the return of Frenchy was a bit silly and unbelievable, because I thought she had graduated from Rydell, but apparently she didn't. The songs weren't really that appealing; I'm glad Michelle was able to recover so quickly, but it's probably because she was the only one with talent in this little sequel, I wouldn't really recommend this movie, except for curiosity, but I warned you, this is just a pathetic attempt to earn more money from the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
