Guaranteeing the budget and time limits of serial production, BATMAN AND ROBIN still earn a place near the bottom of every "cliffhanger" list, completely devoid of the style, imagination and atmosphere of its 1943 predecessor, BATMAN. <br /> <br /> The producer, Sam Katzman, was known as "King of the Quickies" and, like his director, Spencer Bennett, seemed more interested in speed and efficiency than in generating excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also produced the two Superman serials, with Kirk Alyn, with their volatile animation, canned music and supportive boring players.) The opening of each chapter offers a taste of things to come: titles absolutely inane ("Robin Rescue Batman," "Batman vs Wizard"), buzzing mechanical music, and our two heroes stumble towards the camera looking everywhere, or confused or having difficulty seeing through their cheap Halloween masks. Batman's cap, with devil's horns and eagle's beak, fits so badly that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scenes. His "safety belt" is a crumpled strip of fabric without compartments, from which he still manages to pull a flame torch and an oxygen tube at critical moments! <br /> <br /> In any case, lead players are uncomfortable. Robert Lowery shows little charm or individual talent like Bruce Wayne, and does not cut out a particularly dynamic figure like Batman. Create the impression that you would prefer to be somewhere, anywhere else! John Duncan, like Robin, has considerable difficulty managing his limited dialogue. He's too old for the part, with an even older stuntman replacing him. Outside the costume, Lowery and Duncan are exciting as tired businessmen who go for a drink, without an ounce of chemistry evident between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 serial. Although the serials were not known for character development , the previous BATMAN managed to present a more energetic cast. This offers a group that goes through the motions, not that the directors provide much support. None of the thugs stands out and are led by one of the most boring villains of all time, "The Magician". (Big name!) Actually, they are led by someone who shows off a tent, a shawl and a bag over his head, in a dubbed voice that desperately tries to look threatening. The "first suspects" - an eccentric professor, a radio station - are simply annoying. <br /> <br /> Even the usual "regular" comics are superfluous. It is difficult to distinguish many love stories between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the dangers he faces, Vicki shows virtually no emotion. Commissioner Gordon is not brilliant. Unlike the previous series, Alfred the butler is a simple walk-on whose most important line is "Mr. Wayne's residence". They are props for a grueling, tangled, incoherent plot, further complemented by uninspired, repetitive music and amateur production design. The exterior of Wayne Manor is reminiscent of a bourgeois suburban home in every sitcom, the interiors of a cheap motel along the road. The Batcave is an office that desperately needs to be restructured. (The costumes are rolled up in a file cabinet!) <br /> <br /> Too bad the directors could not have invested more effort in creating an electrifying adventure. While the availability of the two serials on DVD is an advantage for any serious "Batfan", don't be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. They capture more the authentic mood of the comic strip of all 15 chapters of BATMAN AND ROBIN put together. <br /> <br /> Now, for the good news, this is not the 1997 version!
