Steven Seagal, the same Mr. Personality, this time is the greatest Stealth pilot in the United States who was promised forgiveness by the military (.. who tried to erase his memory at the beginning of the film for which he escaped from base, later captured by interrupting a gang of robbers in a gas station firefight) if it is able to successfully infiltrate a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan run by a group called Black Sunday, which required a stealth Air fighter Force thanks to an American traitor. Together with another pilot who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly into enemy territory, receiving help from his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David ), once I am on the ground. Jannick is kidnapped by the leaders of Black Sunday, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female enforcer, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must understand how not only to take back the command of the kidnapped robber, but also save him. And, perhaps, Sands can take revenge on the traitor who trained, rather (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sabbie has 72 hours until a pilot of the General Navy will bomb the entire area. On board the stealth, Black Sunday has equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to blow it up in the United States. Seagal has the ability to shoot Afghans when they don't cut their throats with knives. The film is mainly shot with machine guns and dead bodies falling. The setting of Afghanistan does not stand up to scrutiny (.. neither does it as easily as Seagal and co. Are they able to move on the area not detected so easily) and the plot itself is nothing to write about. The film was quickly edited, the camera is a bit too jerky. Seagal is not as active an hero as he once was and his action scenes have been shot tightly, where we find it difficult to see him kick his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of the poorest efforts of Seagal, and is the most discreet of all (.. not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights in hand-to-hand combat with the main villains of the film, it's a shame. It does not even snap a wrist or break a neck in any visible way (.. we certainly see a slight resemblance to some instrument that is tossed about, but it is not such a clear image as I like because directors have such quick and close-up changes dizzy).
