Flight of Fury begins as General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight of the X-77, a new stealth fighter jet with the ability to literally become invisible. General Barnes delivers his best pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) and all is well until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted as Ratcher takes him to northern Afghanistan and delivers him to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) who plans to use the X-77 to fly in American airspace without being discovered and to drop some bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is worried about the loss of his plane and sends John Sands (co-author and executive producer Steven Seagal) into one man to get him back and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br /> This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which he directed Seagal after the equally horrible Shadow Man (2006) & Attack Force (2007), fortunately someone decided that the partnership he was not working and an unsuspecting public fortunately spared any further collaboration between the two. Apparently Flight of Fury is an almost unpublished remake of Black Thunder (1988) played by Michael Dudikoff with many of the same character sharing the same name, so you can use the same dialogue even without the producers having to change things as names too if I have to admit I have never seen Black Thunder so I can't compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible film, the lack of written and badly written time that Seagal specializes in these days. It's boring even if it's not so slow, the character is poor, it's full of clichés, things happen by chance, the plot is scarce, the reasoning behind the events are not there and it's a very lazy production in general because it never convinces the viewer that they are anywhere near Afghanistan or that adequate military procedures are followed. The action scenes are lame and there's no real excitement in it, the bad guys are as boring as the heroes are and it's right down there with the worst Seagal he did. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury seems to be composed largely of repertoire material that is not even well balanced, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and the quality of the movies change very abruptly because it's too obvious that we're looking at clips from other (better) linked movies. Hell, Seagal never even comes close to a plane in this. The action scenes consist of shootings so badly modified that it is difficult to say who is who and naturally Seagal that breaks the arms of the people. The whole production seems very cheap and poor. <br /> <br /> IMDb calculates that this has a budget of around $ 12,000,000 which I think is total junk, I mean, if so, where did all the money go? Although set in Afghanistan, which is an arid and war-torn desert, Flight of Fury appears to have been filmed in my local woods, actually it was shot in Romania and the Romanian campaign does not make a convincing Afghanistan. The acting is terrible as you would expect and Seagal seems to be dubbed again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a terrible action movie that is boring, amateur and is an almost scenographic remake for another movie. Another action thriller really lazily produced by Seagal, why do I worry even more?
