Following the frightening Attack Force, it was likely that Seagal could only take one step forward with Flight Of Fury. Attacking the Attack Force would do something. Flight Of Fury is a clear general improvement, but still in the great scheme of thought, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently a success for Seagal these days, a sad insight into the decline of his film career. Where Attack Force was a tangle of lines drawn drastically from conception, to filming, to post production, Flight Of Fury keeps the plot much simpler. Someone steals a high-tech stealth fighter, planning to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we will later find out weirdly will destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal has to recover the plane. It's so simple, without annoying sub-plots, and the conspiracies that weigh the film like too many of his last works. This does not mean that suddenly the narration is good, it is rather poor. The introduction to secondary characters is badly done, for example. <br /> <br /> In film terms, the FOF is bad. It is misinterpreted by all involved and Seagal seems almost bored to tears. He has just the appearance of a child who has been forced to perform the crib against his will, and then performs with a constant grimace and an air of half absurdity. Can we blame Seagal even if the material is so unambitious and raw food? Not exactly. This is the final film of his contract with the Castel Studio film. The producers cannot be bothered to do anything remotely good, promising a budget of 12 million dollars, and (after the obligatory 5 million of Seagal) probably pocketing a good part of it (if the film was made for the remaining 7 million, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). Therefore, in this respect, Seagal should engage in a film that has already been released before being released. Even if the fans can object, he owes them at least the effort. He looks seriously tired, and the continued use of stand-in and dub-overs is further confirmation of this. Michael Keusch runs with some efficiency, while cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, a standard stunt team) there is nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing to help the film to overcome his material, and bored leading man. Once again there are some action scenes focused on characters other than Seagal, which we really don't want to see. <br /> <br /> Overall, the action is not bad. It is beautiful and violent, and occasionally we were treated to some bizarre vintage Seagal, but overall nothing special. Partly because of a poor acrobatic crew, and lack of time to film something too complex or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable film, because while ignoring the inconsistent and confusing storyline, there were other vintage moments from Seagal, and more of him at the center of the stage. He never disappeared for long periods during the film. Seagal bizarrely disappears during an action scene here, and reappears later with little explanation. There is a lot of used repertoire material. Using reserve shots is not a completely horrendous thing, but using it as a crutch. We are treated to countless ship ship shots all the time, which are annoying. Moreover the continuity of the repertoire is everywhere (just check the backgrounds, cutting and changing). <br /> <br /> The film is only halfway. It says all that the best scene in the movie is a completely useless and free girl on the girl scene, with two hot chicks. Seagal gets up again even for a moment! Overall, this could be one of the best actors based on stock footage out there, but it's not saying much. This will please many fans, but they should keep in mind, probably Seagal himself would like to forget about it. **
