The hyper-cheerfulness of the Fifties and wide-eyed, which gives a new meaning to the antisocial pathological behavior. Dance and Grayson will let you beg for mercy. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that all the people involved in the making of this film are dead (or in nursing homes). I thought I'd mention them for torture. As this film began to unleash its absurdly aggressive operatic assault on my poor and helpless eardrums, I felt an immediate and strong pain enveloping my entire being. That damned muscular vibrato can shatter Soviet tanks into tiny pieces, no longer in glass. <br /> <br /> "Why didn't you switch channels if you didn't like it?", you might ask angrily. Right point, right point ... The answer is that I wanted, but the pain was so sudden and heartbreaking that I fell to the ground writhing in agony. With my last ounces of energy, I tried to reach the remote control but couldn't. A stupid little fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by Niven, who then proceeds to "pigmalionize" him. Lanza is in love with Grayson asymmetrical, but she treats him in a predictable way with contempt until they connect. It may seem a rather thin plot, but this noisy film is so full of music and I sing that there is almost no dialogue. This film is meaningless. Forget the torture of hippies and prisoners of war with Slayer's "Reign In Blood" (as in an episode of South Park). Whatever little conversation there is among the stupid adults who infest this strange musical world of the 50s, it's all childish - as if they were all 6 years old posing as adults. I can only envy people who find funny movies like this. It must be nice to be easy to please: that world of wonder will open up to me if only I could enjoy a stupid old gag like a hilarious comedy and a heartbreaker. <br /> <br /> But let's examine this phenomenon, the musical of the 50s. My best hypothesis is that the musicals of the 50s offered to the most dreamy idealists of the day between us a look at utopia or paradise (depending on whether you are going to church or Lenin's tomb), or at least a very version fun of these fantasy-inspired places. TTONO is more like a representation of Hell, but it's just me. I don't seem to "get" musicals. People talk, there's a story - but then suddenly everyone starts singing for about 4 minutes, after which they calm down quickly and then pretend like nothing unusual has happened! When you think about it, musicals are stranger than any science fiction movie. <br /> <br /> Worse still, TTONO (my favorite type of pizza, btw) is not just a musical from the 50s, but one with the screaming work. The work is proof that there is such a thing as the excessive training of a voice - to the point where it becomes a piercing weapon in the ear rather than a means to bring the pleasure of the listener. The clearest example of this disguise is when Lanza and Grayson combine their Dark Side vocal powers for a truly unbearable duet. I tried to turn down the volume. I lowered it from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then 8. I ended up lowering it to a 1, which is usually so low that it is only heard by specially trained dogs and certain types of marsupials, yet STILL I could hear those two braying like donkeys! <br /> <br /> Take the scene in the small boat in the river. Dance part with one of his deafening melodies that kill the brain, and then ... nothing. No animals to see. Even the crocodiles, which are mostly deaf, have just left. If you look closely, you might even see the trees change color, from green to yellow, in minutes. No, this was not a mistake of continuity, it was simply an old torture of the flora. And those trees were just opaque paintings! Imagine how real trees would react. <br /> <br /> The reason why glass breaks when a high C is erupted from the overweight belly of an operatic howler is not due to laws of physics related to waves and frequency, but because glass is only human - so it may only require so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self-explosion. I can listen to the loudest and least friendly death metal band for hours, but just give me a minute of a soprano and I get a headache.
