It has been said, "a city on the hill cannot hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, perched on the side of the mountain. Davidson at 6200 feet west of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the film, it should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream like a rain of gold and silver, suspiciously the same year the Civil War began. It was the birthplace of the dean of American letters; was where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens started using the name "Mark Twain" and went on to become America's most famous writer. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's great fortune, and the launching pad for John Mackay, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made the movie about him! In 1860, Virginia CIty was the city of all boomtowns, the seat of the great bonanza, once the largest "metropolitan" area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the film) lacks all this and it's more of a north / south duel between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union official who is a prisoner of war in a concentration camp run by a Confederate commander named Capt. Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always exchanging each other. Bradford flees and then tries to prevent a shipment of gold bars from being "burgled" by VC by anyone else. . . Irby! "Hey, what are you doing here !?" Horrible. Bogart plays a laughable Mexican bandit who can't decide which side he's on. Miriam Hopkins plays a dark character called "Julia Hayne", obviously a historic lunge for the city's first lady, Julia Bulette, who in real life is a celebrated prostitute. Go to Washington and talk to Mr Abe about saving BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Go figure. They should have hanged the writer. In "real life" Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun caused the American flag at the top of the mountain. Davidson will appear to the restless residents to be strangely fiery, a bit like the movie. Three days later they discovered that the South capitulated that day. A curious aspect of the film is the way in which Alan Hale and Guin Williams throw their guns forward when they shoot, as if they were fishing or trying to make the bullets go faster. It's not a bad idea for the film. The same type of goofiness lathers on sap and corn during the film. Damn, how could they miss the madness of gold, the dissolute wealth, the battles with guns in the silver mines, Mark Twain who ran out of town and beat after a showdown, the crooked railway, the fire of the Opera House , Artemis Ward, Bulette's huge funeral, Chinese pincers, black saloons, the auction. . ? All this high up on a mountain surrounded by the desert? The truth was unreal. Has his fabulous wealth really turned on the great American holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it wouldn't be the first debacle coming out of Virginia City. It is a disappointment for the fans of Virginia City because it lacks what made the city a "city of illusions", where it is said that evil filters through the ground. . . Okay, apart from that it's a fun movie. Flynn and the band are always great, regardless of the story they are destroying. If Flynn just played his marching self, I'd double my rating.
