Totally ridiculous. If you know something about poker, you'll find it absolutely scary but also fun because it's so indiscreet. The nerd who made this film is obviously very religious and knows little about the game of poker, but I doubt he ever played above 3-6. (I think he doesn't know anything about golf either.) Where to start. I have seen better productions in the Intro to Film class, which I took as the year of the film school. The actors to watch in this film are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen, and the loser who can never win in poker. All the others are wooden like them, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man with whom the film begins in the opening sequence is the only reason the film was made. He's a bandit who doesn't play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. I can't think of a more useless waste of money than what shoots at this useless production. It is right that he played such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless secondary characters whose plots are not solved at all. Queen Momma has a show-steal scene where she throws her losing boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brain. Even the nameless Arabs in the shop offer brilliant performances when they discuss whether to beat or kill an old woman who robs them. Their subtle performance is easily one of the highlights of the film. It makes you wonder why they took the trouble to make all these whites do the part. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 of Outer Space has a little more consistency. If you play poker you may want to laugh. Furthermore, if you are a Christian you could enjoy some of the heavy religious conversations that season the film as meaningless pepper. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they know nothing about. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen have been involved in this parody because I can't help but think less of them. They must be envious of Johnny Chan to enter Rounders.
