Let's go into the world of this film for a second, so you can better understand the type of film we are dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies in which the villain and his henchmen have been released 50,000 bullets by shooting the good guy behind walls and pillars, screaming at them, and then finally reaching the good guy face to face and instead of killing him ... instead of wasting this guy who caused you SO MUCH pain .... instead of walking and POP! ..... What do you do? The bad ... talk to him. Grab the good guy and talk to him while holding the gun. THEY HAVE NOTHING TO TALK! SHOOT HIM! CLICK NOW! But he talks to him anyway. Oh another thing In the end, a newspaper says "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE" or something similar on a front page of a sheet, when it's like the first time the story is printed. So, how did it happen to someone who won a Pulitzer for that quickly? Yes, do you know those kinds of stupid movies? Sincerely Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> He gets Mr. cool Morgan Freeman and the tough Kevin Unpredictable who phones in their roles completely, LL Cool J who glares at literally every single moment of the movie while proposing to his girlfriend in a damn night club of all places, and who is the last joke "Duck" was something like a lethal weapon film that was never made ... and Justin Timberlake who complains and vomits absurdity every time he speaks, little arrogant bastard. The only bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott who made his best impression "Denzel from Training Day", which was pretty funny. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, what is the movie about? Eh, something about the scandals involving the city Edison's fictitious special unit police called "FRAT (I swear I'm not inventing this stuff) which was supposed to be an obvious SWAT Anyway show, little singer journalist Justin Timberflake smells something goes crazy after a murder involving two FRAT plainclothes policemen, and he runs to look for a story, gaining the trust of his boss (Freeman) along the way while both reveal something even bigger and more sinister than what they both thought. "like a brief of pelican bootlegs meeting a day of training at half-mast. The pace was slow and bare, the script was horrible and the acting was extremely uninspired, it jumped everywhere without going anywhere. All in this movie they didn't think, damn that stupid movie, because it's more and more difficult to write any kind of review because the film left me the brain n And the moment it is finished ... No lie Basically, d or NOT waste your time!
