They have to publish this story for all the filmmakers who come to the Hollywood bus station. Then they fill in the empty spaces and set their story in whatever hick city or urban ghetto they just arrived from. You know exactly what this film is about from the opening film, four young people who play in grainy slow motion, accompanied by the voice on the narration. The next stop after the bus station must be to buy footage of four guys playing in grainy slow motion. Once grown up, it is easy to identify the writer / director among the four. He is the silent, contemplative type, with long hair that can never be seen without the composition book hidden in his pants. This means that his superb writing talent will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only here there is no one who writes or directs the talent. And if you still can't understand what it is, here's a suggestion: the author and his character have the same second name. It took over an hour to understand that these twenty-year-old men still had to be in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the director turned out to be the principal. Once again, the poor, misunderstood rebel can hit anyone in the film on the sidewalk, murder and looting, but he has no power to oppose his alcoholic father. How about hitting back, boy, how do you do with everyone else? Numerous fighting scenes with no apparent purpose. Horribly bad dialogue. Many badly blurred scenes. Cartoon characters keep popping up like little players and extras, drawing involuntary laughs from the audience on first sight. Overacting in the extreme. And if you can't get the important speeches, or the slow-motion scenes, just listen to the overbearing music. It will induce you and what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan has to accumulate a lot of frequent bicycle trips while traveling around the country working on these regional amateur films. The biggest sin is that the public should feel sympathy for the children who kill the old ladies, who invest the puppies chained to a tree, steal and steal, complaining all the time of their sad and unpleasant lives. But if only we could get out of this city and go to college. Yes, this is the ticket. Why does every director of twenty believe that his life is so important, so interesting, that the world can't wait to see it on screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, then the author should look over his shoulder for the police who carry fugitive mandates.
