When the superlative THE WILD BUNCH by Sam Peckinpah (1969) opened the door to outrageous performances of ultra-graphic cinematic ultraviolence, he did it with a talented hand (if marinated in whiskey) that drove the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had real depth, but in no time flat there were numerous imitators who remained far from the benchmark set by the Peckinpah epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into that category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, and, BLU tells the story of the phallus -colored New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) a blonde proto-hippie who has been "saved" from two years of "captivity" among the Cheyenne and that she is now sent to a fort where she will meet with her girlfriend who only wants to get married for her money. Even on the wagon that is traveling there is a shipment of government gold, in cash the Cheyenne need to buy weapons, so in a short time the soldiers are wiped out and Cresta flees to the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss) , the lone surviving knight. Calling Gant with the nickname nicknamed "Soldier Blue", Cresta shows that his years among the "savages" were time well spent, surpassing Gant in survival skills, common sense and simple balls, and during their journey to the fort they had to persevere against the elements, a hostile Kiowa gang, an unscrupulous merchant ?? played by Donald Pleasance, here giving one of his most ridiculous performances, and is this saying something ?? and, according to the tradition of many previous romantic comedies set in the West, among them. <br /> <br /> During their mishaps the two opposites are inevitably? and predictably ?? attracted to each other and eventually end up doing it? while Gant has a freshly treated gunshot wound that has been cleaned through his leg, not less ?? in what was certainly the only cave conveniently positioned for a radius of at least twelve miles that was not full of rattlesnakes, mountain lions or who knows what, not to mention the Cheyenne, who could have done something really brisk with a similar first apartment (I go there, thinking again about New York real estate terms). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love could never thrive outside the cave, Cresta leaves Gant and reaches the fort alone only to discover that the moron responsible does not spare a couple of men so that they can save Gant ; the regiment needs all the staff available to launch an attack in the nearby village of Cheyenne, and once Cresta has taken the upper hand it slips past his unpleasant wives and makes a beeline directly to the Cheyenne to warn them of what is coming . <br /> <br /> What happens next is what made the film its infamy; it turns out that all the extravagant misadventures and quarrels were just a hint of a horrible reconstruction of the 1864 Sand Creek massacre, an orgy of rape, torture and sadistic evil perpetrated in the name of "keeping the country clean", and almost forty years after its release this sequence still disturbs and nausea at its sheer cruelty. The children are trampled under the hoofs of the loaded horses or impaled on the bayonets, the unarmed people are beheaded ?? a nice effect, I have to admit ?? women are stripped and chiseled by gangs of brutal slavers, then raped and mutilated? in a really disgusting case a naked native woman puts too much to quarrel, so her rapist decides instead to cut her breasts, which fortunately we see only the beginning before the camera moves to make the chronicle of some other hateful act ?? and dozens of innocent people are shot and dismembered, their spare parts impaled on pike and shaken in a victorious celebration or preserved as the most macabre of souvenirs. No joke, this scene would have immediately earned an NC-17 score if it had been released today, not to mention the possible stimulus of Native American interest groups to break into the streets because of the incredibly exploitative way the atrocities are represented. <br /> <br /> I am entirely in favor of westerns that do not shy away from the honest portrayal of how the West was won, or stolen if the truth is told, but this film has no idea what kind of film it wants to be ; a minute is a pseudo-lesson of heavy hand on how the treatment of the natives has been completely erased (well, DUH!), then it is a carefree battle of the farce of the sexes in which Cresta proves five times the man that Gant is and manages to look sexy in her tasty red calico poncho (without panties), but everything comes out of the window when Donald Pleasance shows up with an (un) involuntary (?) hilarious pair of prosthetic teeth and our heroes must figure out how to escape from its killer claws to a sub-plot that goes nowhere, culminating in the aforementioned apocalyptic summit. Each of those dots would have been fine for a coherent film, but the end result is a lousy mess that chewed the horrors of his last ten minutes for everything that was in the promotion of the film and in the poster images. <br /> <br /> But trying to be everything for the whole audience, SOLDIER BLUE ends up as an inconsistent and preached stew of Mulligan of supposedly well-intentioned political correctness, but if they would tell the story of the Sand Creek Massacre, it wouldn't be Was it a good idea to have some Indian characters who were more than just walk-ons with Murphy Brown playing the mouthpiece? We know absolutely nothing about the people who are wiped out only for what appears to be a ploy to attract Gorehound viewers to see "the wildest movie in history". If you, like me, were intrigued by the provocative advertisements and the reviews that praised almost infinite praise for his "courage to say it as it was", believe me and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly fade into the cinematic darkness.
