This is a well-worn story about a man who gets married to escape from the hangman's noose, then begins to "tame" his reluctant bride. He can be sexist and racist at exactly the same time. We never find out, for example, why a woman who has won the respect of an Indian warrior is completely incapable of fighting against her ex-husband. Or because his team members are so eager to have a "real man" in the saddle when it looks like he took care of things on his own. This only made sense in the Hollywood of the fifties. <br /> <br /> There is a really stupid scene in which she takes him on horseback and actually takes the whip - the second time - then the horse swift. It doesn't matter if the first time you probably would have missed an eye, which would make it difficult to grab that whip! Then, he prevails in a fight against his Indian bodyguard, where he spends the first two thirds of it ending up pulp. It's a bit of a second wind. Later, he successfully negotiates with some blood-thirsty Indians (as all of them are in these films) after they reject her, now she is his "squaw". It doesn't matter that he has zero diplomatic skills and has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he continues to reject his attempts to seduce her just to keep her sharp and prevent her from taking it - yes, right. As if women were hurling themselves at him. <br /> <br /> Finally, none of the protagonists is convincing in their roles. Madison is just a jerk who becomes unrealistically lucky. Fleming flips his hair and frowns a lot, but he's not as convincing as a fiery tomboy. The only reason why your name is because you want to see Madison tied to a horse on the run and dragged up a cliff before the end of the film. The way Madison tames Fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will irritate you if you think women are nothing but inflatable dolls. Even if you see them as dolls, the total lack of suspense will bore you. <br /> <br /> Total time wasted. The scenery is also a bit boring. Give this a great lack.
