Although I didn't have an earthly idea about what to expect from this movie, this was definitely not what I would have had in mind, if something had occurred to me. Once I knew about it, all I knew was that I had to own a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. unfortunately, I found only one copy with its alternative title, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I could call it a defeat situation. On the one hand, I still can't be known as the guy who owns a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies, and on the other hand, Island Fury would eventually turn out to be a horrible, useless, boring, unwatchable piece of trash. Yes, definitely lose-lose. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure what kind they're going here. Only the bad reputation of the 80s, with a flashback that could actually be longer than the non-flashback. First, two little girls are chased by two bad guys, once captured, the bad guys bring to our attention that one of the girls has a coin on a rope, around her neck, and somehow, these bad guys know a lot more than these coins hidden on an island somewhere. And this is where things start to get weird, somehow these guys know of a trip the girls took to some island, years before, when they were only 10 years old. I guess this should mean that girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is. So, now, we are in the past, while the girls try to retrace their steps, so these villains don't kill them, even if I wouldn't mind if they did. In the flashback, the 10-year-old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and the sisters' boyfriends, finally stopping on an island for some air, mingling with a child and his murdering grandparents. Any potential suspense or reason to keep looking never occurs, but the flashback was undeniably better than the present, which, again, is not saying much. <br /> <br /> For a while I forgot about the original story, at one point, I thought that maybe the director had also had, and when the flashback ended, it would be the end, the that would have worked for me considering that this disappointment would have been a shorter half hour. This useless movie in a useless movie eventually ends, and real things happen, but it's stupid. I guess I wasn't exactly expecting a movie full of devoured children, or something like that, but I was expecting some form of extravagant b-entertainment, mostly just a confusing and inept, insecure plot of its kind. My advice would be to look for something useful like Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If anyone would recommend it only to serious B movie collectors who must have them all, anyone else interested will probably have brain damage. What really gives me is that I still have no idea why they called it Please Do not Eat The Babies. 3/10
