I hate to sound like an "old man", but honestly I haven't seen too many movies that I like that were made after 1960 ... in general, the movies seem to get worse and worse (although I really liked the Scott Baio vehicle "The Bread, My Sweet ", with the exception of the sex scene" de rigeur "which has not added ANYTHING of value to THIS film). This film makes it seem that the mother, a former Las Vegas dancer, is unable to survive on her own, although she is clearly in her fifties (though suggesting she is in her forties). I did not buy it I am 57 years old and like all the women I know between 50 and 40 years old, more than capable of surviving on my own (as I did since I graduated at 13, I became legally emancipated and started my travel life.) <br /> <br /> The daughter is not credible in her job role ... she gets a promotion that she doesn't deserve (a great opportunity) and drops that ball too, but when another employee increases on the plate and ready to deliver, the writers throw it as an "opportunist", when he did only what any career-oriented person would do - taking advantage of an open opportunity created by the lack of discipline of his colleague, a girl who apparently did not understands the concept of honoring his promises (in his head, in this case). <br /> <br /> The daughter reluctantly "allows" the mother to stay with her temporarily, but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her life and raised her in "adulthood") as a pariah. Apparently the "writers" of tripe like this do not understand that it is NOT "the common thing" that the PARENTS act like children, and that they are then treated as children by THEIR children. This is just a bit of "nonsense" of the society that Hollywood continues to try to force our throats as if we, their audience, were stupid for the desire to be entertained by their creative offerings. <br /> <br /> This is a sad film with a stupid ending. If the young restaurateur had been real and not a two-dimensional "television personality", he would have stayed with the MOTHER, who was not much older than him and very attractive. But in the end he "falls" for his daughter, a superficial and uninteresting girl who has that cuteness of youth, but in an ordinary and tasteless way. (The "opportunist" young woman who worked with this girl was nothing much more physically attractive.) There was no credible reason presented to the public as to why the restaurateur preferred his daughter (who was a tense, selfish, self-centered, who treated his mother with incredible disrespect) to his mother - a woman of good heart, sweet, humorous and with a zest for life that her daughter could not even understand. Obviously the mother had her faults ... she had reacted to her husband's disappearance by drinking in a stupor for a year or two after she supposedly created the rift between her and her blonde daughter. <br /> <br /> Regardless of how the characters were or were not developed, this is an unexpected film and a waste of precious visualization time, unless you really like it. (Where's the mustard?)
