When a film of a book seems useless and incomprehensible, the cause can invariably be found in the book: either it was useless to start, or the point is one not easily transmitted to the film, or the film missed the point, which is the most frequent between these results and the easiest, especially when the point is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt and felt it as if he had obtained it; but I suspect that most of them cannot state this in words. I'm not sure I can do it, but maybe it's this, or something like that: things come, things go, that's life, but let's continue; or at least some of us - people like Morvern - do. No doubt a more learned scholar could build a more adequate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - perhaps the sum of the whole story is the point - and that this would have been the main thing to take into consideration, and to report, in adapting the story to the film. Evidently the creator of this film missed the point and did not replace one; and therefore the film is about nothing. <br /> <br /> It is not the usual complaint of a book lover that his favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something that I reluctantly granted: reading it I found a damn annoyance and an opportunity to kick the author in his pants and let him in to finish the job correctly. The narration is supposed to be the work of an educated half Morvern, but this illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effect, as if the author were spying on her with his pen; there are inconsistencies in style and tone, as if different sections had been composed at different times; and all the conclusions I could reach about Morvern had to remain uncertain because it was uncertain what implications the author meant and which were not: for example, despite Morvern's own self-incarnation as a raver, I am wrong that in the end she essentially remains a Scottish girl of the working class, and under its envelope of music downloads not so different from those of past generations? In any case, despite my irritation with the author, I could not deny that his book had remained with me; and what I couldn't get out of my head was his character's attitude, his inclination to the world, which was almost as vivid as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is the kind of person who always encounters situations that are at the same time quite comical and rather horrible; from time to time he invites them, but more often they land on her, like flies, so that much of her life consists of a sort of clumsy, but gracious, tiring through, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical - and that does not begin to describe her in idiosyncratic way enough. The complex of Morvern's incidents and responses to them are the substance of the book, and its achievement, in exposing a cross-section of existence, would be difficult to illuminate otherwise; for my dislike of the book, I can see this. <br /> <br /> The Morvern just described is not the Morvern of the film; or if it is, most of it is kept off the screen. An actress who could have been a good figure for the character, if she had the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, of the old television series "Poldark". So Samantha Morton would look like a good casting: she's rather the same sort of actress, and in one of her first films, "Jesus' Son", she played a girl who could have turned into this with some modifications. Unfortunately, when the film came out, it doesn't have the character of the book to play. First, the book is one that, if it wants to be dramatized, practically screams for monologues from the main character to the public; without his comments, his perspective, his voice, history loses most of its meaning. The fact that the adapter has expunged him of its comical and horrible elements has lost more of it: the most memorable incidents of the book are reduced before they become ugly, and therefore Morvern's answers (both fun and disgust, depending on of his mood) they too are missing, and accidents no longer have any reason to be in history. In short, the director chose, for some reason, to turn a bold and edgy serious-comic novel into a noble art film, and chose as his typical image that of Ms. Morton who languished in an artistically vanished melancholy; as if the Morvern exit was a tour of the Stations of the Cross. This is not at all what the book was about, or the Morvern of the book. For another thing, the Morvern of the film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she had not had time to study the accent), and she should be: it is important that she, her family and the his companions are all from one place. And finally the film misses the end of the story: Morvern is spending all he has and returning home in the cold darkness: it's winter, the dam is frozen, the power is gone and the pub is dark. Less this, and less all the rest, what remains is a failed art film, a dead film, on a subject whose strength lies precisely in his refusal, or in his natural incapacity, to yield to death.
