This show is a perfect example of how CBC should stick to satirical sketch news, sports or comedies. As a developer of the comedy of the situation, CBC has shown that it can combine the pizazz of "King of Kensington" with the laughter of "The Beachcombers". It's embarrassing for big shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" that have to share their comic roots with this lame production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit I haven't given this show a great opportunity since I heard about its concept. To begin with, half of the concept is a direct attempt to wrest one of the few sitcoms in Anglo-Canadian history, "Corner Gas". The rest of the concept - the cultural clash - is far from being original and is too often used as a crutch for laziness in the script. The choice of the Muslim religion as the basis for the characters of the "fish out of water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "sharp" and "topical", but is forced. Some of the jokes that are based on the reaction of the local to the newcomers are sluggish and absolutely offensive to the intelligence of all those involved, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of how CBC does not "do not understand" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when presenting Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada should not be presented so heavily and forcibly. It would be a refreshing change to see CBC introduce diversity into a TV show without making the show all about that diversity. I doubt that CBC has enough sitcom talent to come up with something so subtle. A comparison could be made for the way in which diversity is represented in Corner Gas - that is. Aboriginal characters are not distinct from their ethnicity, nor is their heritage used to generate story lines. More realistically, their lives and other characters intertwine in a way that makes ethnicity no more significant than their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> That said, even as a water comedy exaggeration this show fails. The acting is weak, the comic strip runs across the map and the premises of the story I saw were too far from the suspension of belief, even for a comedy. The only thing that saves is the talented Derek McGrath, who is horribly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the show a chance once the CBC hype had died down; but two episodes were all I could bear - I could almost hear my stances closing with each failed final joke. The time slot would be better served by broadcasting more Coronation Street, Air Farce re-runs, or Dr. Who. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
