We all know that some of the greatest movies of all time were book based. While not particularly accurate adaptations, these films were still excellent films. Some great examples are the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and, to a lesser extent, almost every Disney film ever made. However, unfortunately I have to announce that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of those films. Not only does he fail to meet some of the most basic expectations of the Madeleine L'Engle fan base, but he manages to defy script, acting, special effects and ultimately respect for the public. Mind you, I'm not trying to be bad; on the contrary, I entered this matter with an open mind. I thought a made-for-T.V. the film would make up for his lack of glare in his script. After all, the Star Wars spin-off Ewoks were decent, if a little silly. Come to think of it, the original Star Wars was made in "a budget for lunch" and look where George Lucas is served! However, from the first scene onwards, the disappointment began to envelop me as if I had come too close to the Black Thing during weaving. In the same way that Greedo's filming became the symbol of the 1997 Star Wars Special Edition (a disaster of monumental proportions involving a dissatisfied director who makes numerous horrific changes to a much loved classic), Ms. Whatsit has officially become my personal symbol for the confusion and stupidity that is A Wrinkle in Time. The reason for this is the fact that it has been changed beyond imagination. Apart from the somewhat controversial decision of the casting of Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite mentor, the filmmakers decided to present it as a crow. Exactly, a crow. Furthermore, the paradisiacal form of the centaur of this much loved character has been violated by what appears to be a demented eight year old; the majestic half-man, half-horse with wings has become a huge human head with a haunting smile mounted awkwardly on the body with legs outstretched of a horse that flaunts a pair of wings in the middle. If I had turned five, this would have psychologically traumatized me for life. The worst part is the fact that when he spoke, he was shown from behind in order to avoid the responsibility of lip-synching, resulting in a scene that was spent looking behind his head and seeing a single motionless cheek, thus making the piece of special effects less credible than ET <br /> <br /> After getting the most painful part, I have to go to the one that leads to the rip: the characters, the acting and the story. Personally, I had always imagined that Meg somehow resembled Moaning Myrtle from the Harry Potter movies: light hair, glasses and a figure that most of the supermodels would find ridiculous. He was always a somewhat anxious, humorously pessimistic mathematical genius who simply could not have cared less about Nicaragua's imports and exports. In the film, it's an unpleasant knowledge for which I have no sympathy. In fact, it makes me feel sorry for poor Mr. Jenkins, the principal of his school, who is constantly dealing with her. Calvin, the kind and intelligent guy that everyone thinks is an athlete has become an athlete! The irony is horrible. As for the memorable Happy Medium, they took the pleasant old woman who loved to look at happy things and replaced her with a being who is "above the genre" and loves to look at "funny" things, like the girls who fall from the swings. The only three people I can think of who did a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and The Man With Red Eyes (nicknamed "The Dude With Red Eyes" because of his complete reinvention as a character). <br /> <br /> History is a mess. A good comparison with this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did not do a good job of telling the story found in the book, but kept the original work alone. Here, the only one in the book is having a pleasant chat with Hades in the underworld, apparently unaware that his body is being destroyed. As the Dark Lord integrates the one on how well he has shown that the truth must be heard and unseen, Ixchel's flat-nosed wookies (who replace the wonderful beings that hold Aunt Beast in their ranks) tear their spine . While the God of the Dead notes how thin the terror of the Earth-like Camazotz was, the torn pages are scattered in the sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil. <br /> <br /> I am very sorry that this film exists. I don't think the actors were really bad. It is the way the characters are written that ruin it. A Wrinkle in Time deserved to be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, improved on Industrial Light and Magic, made by John Williams, given his sound to Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In its current state, the film is unworthy to be shown to people who respect each other. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the film was bad, and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (if you could) <br /> <br /> Pros: <br /> <br /> They have the right names. <br /> <br /> Cons: <br /> <br /> He had horrible problems with the level of adaptation, script, acting and special effects of Cliffs Notes, not to mention the lack of evidence that he ever read the book. Oh, and the main cover / poster has a picture of the three main characters riding a flying horse over a castle. Some might say that this symbolizes high adventure. I say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who didn't even care about the Photoshop Meg arm properly.
