Or "Marlowe at sea". Yet another ridiculously overrated old movie with Bogey. Quite speaking, too. Bogey has basically the same character as Marlow's films; always in control of a situation, never nervous - no matter how dangerous a situation is, he calls women "thin" and "dame" and other nonsense, he is the only "real male" that is alpha male in the film (the only other alpha male being male the head of the Gestapo - but he is just a fat male alpha male), and - of course - every attractive young woman who comes on his way cannot resist his charm and wants his penis within a few hours of their initial introduction . The characters' clichés are all here. Bogey should be the same kind of cynical-of-reform as in "Casablanca", and of course he often rejects money or other valuables when offered to him - but how does he fit with the tough cynic in him? It is not so, so it cannot be a cynic; Hawks wanted it both ways: a character who is both the "only cynical cold" and a well-intentioned humanitarian. I don't think so ... Bacall makes his non-chalant "cool" routine for the first time, and there are a lot of excessive, not too interesting exchanges, called "sexual allusions" between her and Bogey; these dialogues sound stupid by today's standards. "Just take your lips and whistle ...". A bunch of shit ... She was 19 when she was created, but she looks a lot older, and she's a lot less attractive than the female stars of the day. His bony face, with its sharp features, is not even remotely close to radiating the kind of feminine beauty of a de Havilland, the beauty of a Myrna Loy, not to mention the sympathy of an Irene Dunne. Bacall was better suited to play vampires, not femme fatali. (In real life it is very similar to his face: a Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene in which Bacall bursts into tears; very unsuitable for his character. There are two or three wrong musical numbers - but my fast forward button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" by Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood personalities, contact me by e-mail.
