At the beginning of the film, you could double-check the DVD cover and re-read the synopsis a couple of times, but don't worry. It is NOT "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you purchased; just a film with a much more elegant and fashionable introduction than it has the right to be. However, the opening is by far the best thing of the whole film, as it shows how in the year 1840 a samurai sword master captured his wife committing adultery. Behead the two lovers before doing any hara-kiri (ritual suicide through gutting). Let's move on to the present day, when the American ambassador to Japan welcomes a family of friends and leads them to the same house where the aforementioned massacre took place about a century and a half ago. From that moment on, this becomes a seemingly routine haunted house film, yet the absolutely delayed and implausible script still makes it quite exceptional. Let's start with the positive aspects, in particular the original Japanese setting and the presence of the delightful Susan George which is my favorite English horror of all time (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The negative aspects simply include that the script is inconsistent, irreparable imbecile and full of presumably disturbing twists that only evoke laughter. The restless spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetrating in the bodies of the new tenants and making them do and say all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of the massacred adulterous woman particularly likes to squeeze into Susan's charming booty and turn her into a seductive obscene one! In this "possessed" state, it also attracts the American ambassador out to have sex in the garden of an upscale dinerary party full of prominent guests. Therefore, strictly speaking, it is not really the "evil" that dwells at home; just a trio of squalid ghosts with dirty minds and too much free time for their dead hands! Obviously these scenes are more comical than scary, especially because the light blue and transparent shapes remind you of the effects of ghosts that were later popularized in "Ghostbusters". "The House Where Evil Dwells" is probably the least scary ghost movie ever. During most of the time, you are wondering if director Kevin Connor (who nevertheless made the excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted to make his film fun and exaggerated, like "Motel Hell " perhaps. But then again, everyone in the cast continues to utter his lines with a sincere and sincere face, so I suppose we should still take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The House Where Evil Dwells" is never suspense or even remotely exciting and does not even contain macabre images apart from the massacre in the beginning. I am fully aware of how superficial it is, but the two scenes in which Susan George topless are the only highlights. Well, those and maybe even the invasion of exaggerated and ridiculously large spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's room. How totally random and irrelevant was that? If you decide to give this film a chance despite its bad reputation, make sure you leave common sense and reasoning at hand. <br /> <br /> Note trivia for horror fans: keep an eye out for the mask demonstration that was also a piece of the scene in the brilliant Japanese classic horror Onibaba.
