The film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional Japanese house complete with a thatched roof on the side of a small hill and a caption appears on the screen that reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese Samurai apprentice named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks along the winding path to the house, inside awaits Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he is having an affair with her husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) who it happens to be the teacher of Masanori. Shugoro arrives unexpectedly at home and finds his wife and student in very intimate relationships with each other. His honor destroyed the furious Samurai by brutally killing both Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. Over a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on vacation with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their dear friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for the American consulate helps them by finding a place to stay, you don't need me for you! He jokingly says that it is going so cheaply because it is haunted, to which Ted and Laura laugh because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for the moment. Almost immediately the film enters the cliché mode. The lights come on and go off on their own, Laura has a restless feeling about the place and a Zen monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them a disturbing warning because they leave before it's too late and they ignore, of course. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were condemned for eternity to remain within the walls of the house due to a curse of Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima) placed on them. But there may be a way to break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage, daughter and maybe even their own life. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor I thought it was a rather mediocre film, OK to look at once if you have nothing better to do, but after a day or two you will probably have completely forgotten it. Nothing remains in the memory as particularly ugly, but on the other hand there is nothing particularly good in the film. The script by Robert Suhosky based on the novel by James Hardiman is a bit on the opaque side and strictly by the numbers, a lot of ghostly events happen in the film, but none of these is very interesting or exciting and the characters are flat and the management does not help the what's this. There are a couple of silly sequences like the giant plastic crabs trying to catch Amy and her babysitter, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene in which the Zen monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banished outside without being able to return, however it is until Ted simply opens the door and they immediately return back, some exorcism! Another thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 when he did this, try his hand at Kung-Fu and the eastern sword fights! George gets her large breasts a couple of times, including a very un-erotic sex scene with McClure, although great pains have been taken and a couple of sheets that stick to them like a super glue to make sure there's no nudity in life. Apart from a couple of beheadings mostly off the screen, there is no blood, blood or violence to talk about. "Transparent" ghost effects are OK but won't impress many people these days. It is done professionally enough and looks pretty good, but the potential in the Japanese setting and myths is squandered because this film could have been set in America, England or any other western country without having to change anything. A fair waste of time.
