The 1930s saw a fashion for documentary films on remote corners of the world, with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic lands and primitive peoples with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous place, and then bringing them back to life (with the filming of the film), these films were often much cheaper to do than were the conventional features of Hollywood ... because there were no expensive expensive sets, costumes or movie stars. <br /> <br /> The most successful creators of these films (artistically and financially) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with blatantly arranged events) in Africa and Asia. Johnsons' safari films were extremely popular, inspiring parodies ... in particular "So This is Africa" ​​by Wheeler & Woolsey, in which the very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Johnson Johnson (instead of Martin E. Johnson , Geddit?). Although many other directors were currently producing safari documentaries, Johnsons films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humor. Seen from our most enlightened point of view (I hope), this is a serious flaw in Johnsons' documentaries: there are too many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow people are built to look like complete idiots who are easily defeated by the intelligent white bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One of the strengths of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she manages to look young enough to be her daughter. Although she is not as attractive as the buxom blonde Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a cheeky brunette who made captivating shows in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> 'Congorilla' is probably the best of Johnsons' films. The shots of the Congo are interesting and have a certain historical value as proof of how this environment was in 1930. Even the shots of the Pygmies and other natives are interesting, even if these suffer from the Johnson's propensity to stage the events in a which makes the natives "savages" and aliens. <br /> <br /> The best (and funniest) scene in "Congorilla" is an impromptu sequence in which Osa Johnson attempts to teach jazz to some pygmy women. (Dance is the black background, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, the conjoined twins.) Wearing jodhpurs, riding boots and a helmet, Osa Johnson starts singing while she he steps up and slaps his knees in his attempt to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they're just staring at it, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish. It's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant undertones. Osa Johnson is doing a dance invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that African blacks should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a brief demonstration (using the natural rhythm, I think) because it is in their blood, or something of gender. <br /> <br /> I will evaluate "Congorilla" 4 points out of 10. This film tells a little about African life in the 1930s and rather about American cultural perceptions in that same decade.
