Did I step into something or does that bad smell come from Daybreak 1 + 2? Was God behind it all? What does God have to do with science fiction? God is the answer only when you cannot find a reasonable explanation for something. Actually, this is exactly the problem with the series finale - obviously they couldn't think of sensible explanations for the multitude of big questions that were raised during the series, like Kara Thrace returning from the dead in a brand new viper, like the his old adder and charred body ended up on Earth 2, because Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, because 6 has an imaginary Baltar in his head, etc. so they explain it with "angels" or simply don't explain it to everyone. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last 2 episodes had holes large enough to make a Basestar fly through. For example, why did Galactica and her crew undertake a suicide mission to save a girl (Hera), particularly after Adama said he could never attempt a rescue? Why did they discover the location of the Cylon base? This is not a good reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know where he is? And what was the point of the flashbacks on the lives of the main characters before the war? It is as if they forgot to do it before, so they threw something at the last moment. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes could not be the same writers who created what has been a sensational series so far. It seems that the script was taken by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread "The Word". Forget about trying to tie the ends of the plot, the important message the writers wanted to convey is: don't trust in the technology that will lead to your destruction; God is your final salvation (bad luck if you have a disease that needs medical attention). Imagine in the final movie of the Star Wars series that they tell you that there is no "strength" ... instead, a Jedi actually gets his power from Jesus. So they make the ships fly in the nearest star and go to live in the forest with the Ewoks. Would this be a good ending? No, frakken 'he wouldn't.
