This is not a movie that you can really analyze separately from its production. The public has become the directors to an extent unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; we felt so involved that seeing it becomes like watching a friend's work. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie, isn't it? Or is it? There may be nothing more dishonest than a filmmaker who promotes himself as a friend of the public, giving them all the mischievous delights that critics of the nanny will deny them. Just look at Eli Roth's top-notch publicist, promising gore-hound all the innards that are literally unscrupulously missing from mainstream horror films, only to churn out a piece of watered-down and technically incompetent piece of work like "Hostel". <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis may not have generated the monster that was the internet's answer to his film, but was, understandably, ready to engage with it. He took the carnival filmmaker's school to a new level, making the fans build what they would eventually buy. Many have excited this interactive and democratic approach to film production, which seems to have lost its point: this is the most cynical form of film-as-marketing. Nothing is included in the fact that filmmakers know that fans will not buy, and any old suggestions that will get bums on the seats will be incorporated. The fact that the field has become the title tells you everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Isn't it just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craftsmanship, ideas, all are sacrificed before the silly chatter of the masses. It is a critical commonplace that the focus groups and the test screens are not ideal for good films: why can the preventive intervention of internet enthusiasts be different? Why are we movie fans? Well, thank God for us, because otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman take her nipple bitten by a snake. <br /> <br /> So, yes, I enjoyed the movie - a midnight screening, fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice cream - but actually had relatively little to do with the movie, and a lot from deal with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, whatever happened. There was laughter, but I don't know if it was with the movie or the movie. With a calculated film like this, is there also a significant distinction? There are some genuine aspects of the film. Samuel L. Jackson offers a well-judged performance, pure self-parody but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles, and there are one or two inspired moments - the little dog's destiny is a really funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to emulate. <br /> <br /> Reserve characters are predictable, but the total lack of suspense is not. What's the point of a movie that combines two big phobias if there's no creeping threat? There are several moments of snake jumping, but they are incredibly misplaced. Only the annoying British man gets a decent scene of pulpy death - the other killings are strangely flat. The disappearance of the honeymoon couple, for example, is shamefully messed up. Most actors can't make an impression; it's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should look so tired (when she tells two children to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, she could talk to the public - the film is very short). <br /> <br /> There are worse films, but there are many, many better ones; another reviewer of this site has compared this film to "Lake Placid", and it is as perfect a contrast as anyone could think. That film worked so beautifully because the performances were excellent, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequences were scary and it wasn't designed by the committee. That the characters had some depth and shadows was an unexpected advantage. I don't need a post-pub midnight to show you have fun with that movie. <br /> <br /> This film, over time, will vanish to become a simple note in the history of cinema. If you set a precedent, however, I am genuinely worried about what our screens could go through in a couple of years. In all likelihood, not much will come out. Perennial popcorn favorites - 'Raiders of the Lost Ark', 'Alien', 'Halloween' and, of course, 'Star Wars' - are not produced by group thinking. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I'll tell you what - I almost didn't have a desire for a certain Ingmar Bergman.
