Oh Dear Sir, How on Earth was a part of this film approved by anyone? It smells like cheese from start to finish, but it's not even a good cheese. It's the most light-hearted cheese, the most moldy, the most tasteless there is, and I can't believe that there is someone out there who actually, we really liked it. Yes, if you saw him with a lot of drunk / stoned friends, some pieces could be fun in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience the only fun parts are when that group of friends is throwing popcorn and abusive insults to them. the other is the screen. I watched him with a guy for a few laughs, after drinking some beer in preparation to chuckle at the expected shit of the movie. We have shit (in abundance), but not laughter. It doesn't even qualify as such a good movie. It's just ugly. Very very bad. That's why (looks away if you are a spoiler-phobic): the film begins with a boy who beats another boy to death. OK, I was a few minutes late, so I'm not sure why, but I think I got the message "this guy's a little bummer that you don't want to mess around" behind the brilliant scene. Oh, and a boy witnesses it. So, we already have our wicked ultra-evil villain, and the good but flashy guy (apparently). Cue Hero. Big Sam enters the scene in the usual way, saving the good guy in the usual insane way that only mediocre action films can bring to fruition, ie Hero is immune to bullets, all the others fall rather awkwardly. Cue first hole of the plot. How the hell did Sammy know where that guy was, or that he saw the murder. Perhaps this, and the answers to all my plot-related questions, were explained in the 2 minutes before I entered the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I'll stop making holes in the plot right here, so as not to turn the film into something like Swiss cheese (which we all know as a good cheese). So the "plot" (a very generous word to use). The good guy has to get to LA, the wicked would prefer he didn't, Hero Sam stands between the two. Cue scenario for the next vomiting hour - the passenger plane. As I said, I will no longer be watching the holes in the plot, I will leave it there. Passenger airplane Subsequently, the vital ingredient missing to this gem of a film to date, and what makes it all that it is - Snakes. Yay! Oh, break. First we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that a lame film must have. A hot and horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), a British boy (before every snake) who seems to be (those pesky Englishmen, eh?), Cute children and Jo Brand. For all you Americans it is an English comic strip famous for its size and its lack of attractiveness. Now that we have met the cast, we all watch to die (except of course nice kids). Don't expect anything original, it's just snake bites on parts of the body that are always different and increasingly hilarious. Use your imagination, since the producers have obviously not used theirs. <br /> <br /> So, this is most of the movie, so now for the better, the ending. As expected, everything is so happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight begins to suck your face. Yes, Sammy iced included. But wait, we're not all out of the plane yet! The last guy to get off is a good guy, but just like him he is bitten by a snake (you guessed it) (of all things). Clearly this had been hidden in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, since he somehow managed to resist the trick of air pressure that the good old hero had taken a few minutes before, despite the 200-foot constrictor ( what ate that annoying British) not be able to. So, Sam shoots him and the snake in one shot. At this point I prayed that the film was about to make a much needed U-turn and reveal that all the time the hero was actually a traitor of some sort. But no. In a sort of icing on the cake (but with stale cheese, remember), it turns out that the climax of the film involves a bulletproof vest. How anyone could think that an audience of 10 years ago, let alone in 2006, would have been struck by their ingenuity, is beyond me, but it was right to summarize the film. <br /> <br /> Actually, we're not completely done already. After all they sucked (Uncle Sam with the lead actress, the good guy with Tiffany, the Black token with the White girl token, and the hot couple in a heart attack of necrophilia), it's time the good boy and the hero wear it. ... in Bali !!! No, it was not exciting at all, the exclamation points were there only to represent my absolute joy in seeing the credits. Yes, the final shot of the film is a celebratory surf trip to convey the message that some bonding with the male has occurred, and a chance for all the morons who actually enjoyed the movie to scream a few times. That's all. This is the first time I write a review of a film, but I felt so strong that someone must speak against this scourge of cinema. If you like planes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, hostesses, bad guys, surf, bag dogs or the British, then please, please, don't watch this movie. It will influence your opinion on all of the above so far that you will never want to come into contact with any of them again. Go see United 93 instead. That was good.
