The more I analyze this film, the worse it becomes. First of all, why a motivational speaker? That part was simply stupid. I mean, why does a megalomaniac trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really that unorganized? First, he can't decide what he wants to do to control the world, so look at the Bible to find ideas. Many of these ideas, I might add, have no reliability (for example, the part of "The houses of Ishmael and Isaac will cry in terror" may have already happened. It may have been the synagogues burned during the Krystalnacht and the mosques could very well it was the mosques that exploded in Baghdad or something like that). And the Gillen Lane family! They had no part but to provide family values ​​with a platform and to wipe their eyes with water! I might add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only twenty (or this is the impression I had) and has a ten-year-old son, he had his son in high school. Yes, there are the family values ​​of TBN. Also, why did this film have to be so damn propagandistic? I will repeat what a previous reviewer said. Indiana Jones films use Christian mythology as a plot object and manipulate it well to be intoxicated. This film does not. The beginning begins well, with Michael Ironsides playing a priest who kills a scholar and steals the Omega Code of the dead. Then, in front of two men of whom he is obviously afraid, the two prophets tell him "Tell your master that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) answers "He already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. That part sent chills up my spine. If only it went on like that scene, I would have loved this movie. I will give credit to Michael York: he does a great job acting his character, as does Michael Ironsides. But good guys are horrible. I've already talked about the Lane family <br /> <br />. Now that I've finished acting, I'll move on to the plot. This is obviously a Baptist film, since our beloved Vatican Pope is portrayed as an idiot. I liked the texture of world domination and found it plausible and subtle, just as the action sequences were also electrifying and well made. Another diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders are considered dogmatic, since Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new Vatican (or Israelis) also says that they are about to secede from the world union, they used the Omega Code to control the world. Whoever it was, they not only separated, sent commandos and killed them. This is the equivalent of America that knows of the KGB that will kill the President and that will simply say "We will no longer talk to you!" Come on! I liked the scenes in which we see the bombers heading towards Israel and we see them again on the monitor. Mediocre in short.
