I was very disappointed with this movie for a few reasons. For the first half hour it is actually quite decent. Even if the acting is no better than the one you will find in a rap video, it's pretty funny and the value of production doesn't seem bad. In fact I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film) that it turned out to be VERY MUCH better than I expected. The film's plot revolves around not only deceiving husbands, but also how women are seen and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which is a good premise, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately I don't think the creators of this movie are based on the fact that a good movie is all about the way you treat your subjects, and they slaughtered the veal cutlet they had in front of them. About 30 minutes in the film the roles of men and women are reversed after his wife's protagonists have made him a sort of spell because of his deceptive habits. Not only does this transition happen through what appears to be cutting-edge, space age, CGI effects that go back to what I suppose are the 70s, but the whole plot simply goes down the drain. The rest of the film is nothing more than predictable and predictable situations, and a single intelligent person. To top it all (and I suppose I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) everything turns out to be a dream. Oh my who hasn't seen it coming? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing in the movie. Well, after about an hour in which I start thinking "??????????????????????????????? and then it hits me THE HALF OF MUSIC IN THE FILM WAS TAKEN BY A VIDEO GAME CALLED KING OF THE FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When oh, when DR will give us a movie, can we call it a work of art?!?! Maybe a comedy for match Amelie of France, or an action movie to match Ong-Bak of Thailand, an animation like Akira in Japan, a witty thriller like Layer Cake in England, or a journey of social awakening like Waking Life had here in the states . <br /> <br /> ... I would like to give it a 1 but I've seen a lot worse out of the DR, look for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
