Raising Victor Vargas: a review <br /> <br /> You know, raising Victor Vargas is like putting your hands in a large, steaming bowl of oats. It's hot and sticky, but you're not sure it's right. Try how I could, no matter how hot and sticky. Raising Victor Vargas I was always aware of the fact that something was not right. Victor Vargas suffers from a certain excessive confidence in the part of the director. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic background of a Latin family on the lower eastern side, and an idyllic plot would make the film's critical test. He was right, but he didn't deceive me. Raising Victor Vargas is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy named, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who lives his adolescence chasing more skirt than the Rolling Stones could do in all the years they were on tour . The film begins in Donna 'Ugly Fat' bedroom where Victor is sure to seduce her, but a cry from the outside upsets his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes looking for him. Captured in the attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas escapes for damage control. And yet, even with the embarrassing implication of having put the sexiest girl in the neighborhood to flight, nothing dissuades the young Victor from hunting for more fresh meat. On a hot New York City day the way to the local public pool is opened, where Victor's eyes see the beautiful young nymph Judy (Judy Marte), who is not only pretty but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focal point of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family, composed of his grandmother or Abuelite (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by a real brother of Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor through scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to cope with an overpowered pimp-master, his feelings for Judy and his grandmother's conservative Catholic upbringing. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise from Raising Victor Vargas are some, but obvious errors. During the film, we meet some characters like Vicky, Nino, Nonna, Judy and even Judy's best friend, Melonie. The problem is that we know nothing of Victor Vargas except that he is the largest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips, comb his hair and walk around to conquer the girls in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano and, quietly, you can see it from the prizes on the family piano. We know that her sister Nicki is a gossip-loving girl with an interest invested in watching TV. We know that her grandmother is a traditional Latin woman who works hard and tries to raise her children prudently in a world of excess corruption. And yet, where is the titular character, Victor Vargas? It's in this movie somewhere, but we only know what the movie tells us. This is by far the biggest flaw in the film. Victor Vargas is not so much a character, but a ping-pong ball, which bounces between the scenes with Judy and her grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I said, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He is a total alpha male. Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I sympathize with at all. Why should anyone? So at the end of the film, in the aftermath of the climax, are we really led to believe that somehow Victor Vargas has reached ANY depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How can such a two-dimensional character have a depth? If only the director had cared a little more about his main character instead of worrying about getting that perfect freehand shot. <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas brings the world of the Latin urban neighborhood to life on the big screen Something that few films have already done in the past. The film was complimented by the feeling of being so real, and I will not discuss it with that. I haven't seen this level of reality since CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, even though the film has some nice shots of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on close-ups and coups. This problem is particularly evident in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic that I was forced to perform deep breathing exercises to avoid passing out. As the film continues, the shots become narrower and narrower with faces cut from the front to the chin on the screen; you can practically smell the cheap cologne of Victor Vargas. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The interior scenes of the city center apartments make them seem small and cramp, which is not true. I've been in those standard apartments; I lived in one. They are not splendid but have high ceilings and are decent living spaces. By film standards, you'd think these apartments were 5x5 brick and mortar cells, chipped paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the constant use of close-ups by Sollett and a particularly ugly shot with a zoom in a scene turn out to be totally amateur. But Raising Victor Vargas is only Sollett's second film, and his best known, a solid effort in cinema, which we hope will improve as he continues to make films. A review I read summarized the film as "Ethnicity for the ethnic group" and I can't agree more. If Victor Vargas was really a great film and a story, then the applicability of the characters would not matter if they were Latin, Chinese, etc. However, if I had taken this story and brought it to the bourgeois suburb with a group of teenagers - white children of children the results would not be so brilliant reviews, and we would see the flaws of the film more clearly. In fact, some other aspects of using Latinos in this film annoy me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are precise, I have to question him. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all share the same room to sleep. This gave me an alarm because it seemed contrary to what I believe. Any self-respecting Latin family would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I wasn't sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew my problem was justified. Considering how conservative her grandmother is, one might think that Vicky would sleep in her room. <br /> <br /> Like a Latin who grew up in a slightly conservative Cuban family, raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full-time, I could relate to the film in many ways, and that's why the my critical points of view are bittersweet because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas has sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who were fucked while playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Perhaps because without further introspection by the film, Victor Vargas is simply a stereotypical hot-blooded Latino, who will end up shouting to the girls in his car, "Hey bay-bee, ju I want to get into my love Mah-Cheen?" Anyway, I don't like it, so in the end, how can I appreciate a movie about him? So if you'll excuse me, I'll go put my hands in a bowl of grits. <br /> <br />
