When teenagers go on a trip in a camper van there are many cliches that you can guarantee will follow. <br /> <br /> 1) The boys will be warned not to go where they are going to a crazy club. Dan Van Husen runs it with a ridiculous display on deadly sirens. What, who, how and why they are managed in an almost unintelligible outbreak. 2) The van will break. 3) While they seek help, the group will be split off and will be picked up one by one by any monster they have been warned about.4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will capture them. 5) The house will have a telephone but it will not work, it will be decorated in a disturbed way, there will be flickering neon lights, spiders and worms. 6) The madman will take them while they try to escape into a vehicle that will not start (here the high-speed escape had to be made on a tractor). 7) The madman will apparently be killed only to return from the dead for economic and weak fear and will then be killed properly. 8) Only one girl will have remained alive by the group. 9) In the end there will be a useless turnaround. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements naked Sirens (to which the characters seem to react surprisingly differently despite the fact that all those who see them must immediately fall into lust with them) who seduce and kill the boys , the throat is torn and the bodies are pulled in half and you have something that looks like a twelve-year dream movie. <br /> <br /> I think it is fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible but I am happy to point out that there are some elements that make the boarder enjoyable and are a great improvement in his previous film, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sometimes the film is very good, the music and editing are above its previous films and other low-budget horror films. I was impressed to hear that it was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this film cannot be found in the body of the film, it is ultimately an unattractive movie if useless that has been done over and over again, but among the DVD extras. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie, I beg you to listen to the director's comment is incredible. There is more to say about this than the film itself. An impressive part of the comment is the director's statement that the film is a cliché of lead because it was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés and openly wonders if "people will understand". <br /> <br /> I am afraid to say that if this should be a clever nod and a wink at the films of the past and the genre clichés within them, then it is not quite scripted, acted appropriately in tone or directed enough style to work. If this film was made to order, it leads me to ask a question; "What was the point?" This is a film that insinuates itself into the canon of bad horror films, any attempt to do something clever or different didn't work. <br /> <br /> The next nugget of brilliance is a conversation about snobbery towards digital film formats. They rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with economy and ease of use. However, the best moment of the conversation comes when they complain that when Michael Mann makes a film in the format he is branded as a visionary. There is a simple distinction to make here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to adapt to his story and style, Roberts is a horror hack that uses it to produce genre images from the shelf. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant. <br /> <br /> The best time is reserved for Robert's comments on people who have had time to review his previous film. Those who did not like are generalized as "geeks" and even go so far as to identify specific people to have the courage to express their opinion in the forums that encourage them to do just that. I must admit that I was a little disappointed that my review of his latest film was not taken into consideration for the ridiculous. The tirade goes further, while the group jokes about the Norwegian reviewers, with "hilarious" accents that imply that the Norwegians do not know a good film simply because of the place where they were born. As always these comments say more about those who said them than those who are targeting, they simply make the director and his friends seem ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package is completed by a refined parade on how the Sirens have been expressed. Robert swears the word blindly, "I didn't want to make a film similar to Baywatch's", while we see auditory tapes of naked and topless girls writhing on the ground. There is also a documentary that focuses on itself and that becomes self-indulgent about the making of Darkhunters during which Robert states that a reviewer claimed that Forest is "The best British film over the years". I don't know who he's trying to convince. At one point in the commentary track, Robert jokes: "I can see people sitting at home saying" this is not surprising, it's unbelievable "is not wrong.
