I have never been an avid observer of "Crocodile Hunter", but from time to time I saw an episode, or a bit of an episode, and when the news spread about Steve Irwin's death from a stingray attack in 2006 , has certainly caught my attention. This film, starring Steve and his wife Terri, who played themselves, but in a fantasy story, was published in 2002, but I didn't hear about it until several years later, and even later, it took me a while 'to get around to see it. Well, now I've seen it, and after looking at it here (more than once), and seeing its judgment, I wasn't surprised by how insignificant it was, even though it could have been a MUCH better. Apparently, it should be a comedy, so one big problem is that it's not funny at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite falls from space and lands in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where it terrorizes cattle on a ranch owned by crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and don't know what's in it, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to retrieve the lighthouse ! The agents are assisted by Jo Buckley, and the ranch owner and his dogs could make the mission more difficult for them! In the mission of Steve and Terri, they face other types of dangerous wild animals, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the crocodile has something unusual in it, when Steve sees the CIA agents after them, they mistake for poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only did I not laugh once while watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to scare one of the CIA agents. Apart from that, I don't think I found anything even slightly amusing. It's also a bit of an incoherent mess going from the Australian outback to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like the clips of "Crocodile Hunter" and clips of an action thriller (or something like that) have been put together for some reason. To this mix are also added the scenes of the ranches, which also seem somewhere else, and amusing as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, should be, is not. At some point, we see it fart, so we have a fart joke, an important cliché in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found the typical scenes of "Crocodile Hunter", with Steve struggling with crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and I was talking to the spectators, to be boring, but I imagine that never having been a devoted supporter of the show did not have helped. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has been admired by many as an environmentalist, and he is sadly missed by them, while there are also those who say he messed up nature and came to mind. No matter where you stand, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well made film. I'm sure it helps if you're a big Steve Irwin fan, but even if you are, there's no guarantee that you'd like this movie, as some fans clearly haven't been impressed. In fact, it seems that some of them have found this film worse than me, so maybe it will NOT help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say whatever you think about Steve Irwin and his show, this film was not necessary. The attempt to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictitious story unfortunately failed, and a viewer may find that this movie seems to be longer than ninety minutes!
