Forest of the Damned begins as five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), left for a long holiday week "in the middle of nowhere", their words are not mine. However, before they know they are in a forest and Emilio awkwardly invests a woman (Frances Da Costa), along with a seriously injured person to add to their problems that the van they are traveling on will not start and they cannot get no signal on their cell phones. They need help quickly so Molly and Judd walk away in the hope of finding a home, as time passes and darkness begins to fall it becomes clear that they are not alone and that there is something dirty lurking in the woods .. . <br /> <br /> This British production was written and directed by Johannes Roberts and after reviewing many other comments and reviews both here in IMDb and through the Internet Forest of the Damned seems to share opinion with a little of pleasure no, personally he didn't do much for nothing. The screenplay is credited to the screen by Roberts, but here on IMDb lists Joseph London with "additional script material" whatever that means, the film is the basic type of Backwoods like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your faceless teenager basic victims are expelled but use the interesting concept of fallen angels who wander in the forest and kill people for reasons that are never explained with great satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, played by the always fantastic Tom Savini, who is never given any justification for what he does. Is it there to get victims for angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by hitting his head? The story is very loose, it never seemed like an appropriate film. The characters are poor, the dialogue is not much better and the lack of a meaningful story makes it difficult to enter or worry about everything that is happening. That being said, it moves at a reasonable pace and there are a couple of decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes does nothing special, it's not a particularly elegant film or flash to watch. There are some decent horror scenes and the Tom Savini character is fantastic every time he is on the screen (even if he didn't hear Judd broke the door with an ax while running away with Molly?) And it's a shame when he comes killed. There are a couple of decent gore scenes here, someone has their heads ruined inside, there's a beheading, someone is shot with a gun, someone is bitten in the throat, someone has bitten lips and someone is torn in half. There is also a fair amount of female frontal nudity, not that it helps much. <br /> <br /> Technically Forest of the Damned is OK, it's reasonably well done, but nothing too special or appealing. This was shot in England and Wales and it's rather strange to see an English setting for an American-themed backward horror. The acting is generally rather poor, except for Savini who deserves to be better than this. The horror author Shaun Hutson has an embarrassing cameo at the end and shows that he should stick to writing rather than acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned was a rather poor horror film, it seems to have fans out there so maybe I miss something but it's not a movie I care about. Apart from one or two decent moments, there isn't much to recommend here.
