From the beginning this film was horrible! Why was it so bad ?? If they are not naked women, they not only need a decent plastic surgeon but also the experience of a dentist followed by a free hand from Colgate's whitening !! Then it is the old "fool" at the gas station, who is not so crazy, but more "I'm not sure how to behave a lot, so I'll look straight and I'll look stupid how can I pretend to scream in robotic tones of something in the woods" !! Then back to these naked nymphs who need a cure for their gum disease ... apparently, without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene ... they can cause a bad red rash on your neck , which I thought was a missing piece of meat, but it looks like it could do with some TCP to clear it up. Then you have Sophie Holland who plays Ally, I've never seen him act so much, it's more like me me myself, if I don't have fun no one else is, and I don't want to do it that way I won't, and I'm the cow bad of the planet, I'm sarcastic, petty and if I don't get things my way I'll get pouted! ", kind of person .... reminds me more of a 6 the attitude of the old girl. I don't think it's worth mentioning the distressing camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low the budget actually was that when Judd was hacking the "locked" door it was actually open before it reached to unlock from the other part !! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it was a parody then it would have been a success ... just only, but, like a horror movie, it was just wrong !!! I can't even describe everything that happened in this movie, running out of space! Although it was fun to see Andrew pour raspberry juice into his ear every time he opened his mouth while Tom Savini's character was completely blind to the two who hid under the table directly in his line of vision !! It was even more fun when these two thought they could escape on a damn tractor, which as we all know is the number one hated by the vehicle to get stuck after being so damn slow! So is it any wonder they can't get away with it? And how many people know you can slice your wrist and run for hours as if nothing had happened! No pain, no weakening from blood loss, nothing! But the stupidest part is when all of a sudden (and I mean literally) is a YEAR later and Molly still runs in the woods after escaping from the nymphs, and then here, Shaun Hutson takes it ... of course not without a line to promote the his books !! (although he is certainly one of my favorite authors) but suddenly, and without any hint of an explanation about how and why ... she is bad herself and attracts Hutson until his death, then we turn into a crazy guy from the start suddenly wandering through the woods with a can of gasoline, even after his 'dazzling' performance on why no one should ever venture there for any reason ... the nymphs foolishly tear each other to a bit to have fun while Crazy pours gasoline everywhere. ... and here the film ends ... finally! My conclusion .... if I hadn't already guessed it by now .... absolute crap! There was no adequate thought, who wanted the camera to need to shoot ... and come to think of it 99% of the cast too! If the right director, actors and budget left behind this could have been decent. But, again, cheap English horror films, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry are shameful !! (And I'm English, so I'm authorized to say it)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the film is in the first 15-20 minutes when we watch it spin from night to day over a field-type area. All I kept thinking during all this was "Jesus Christ in heaven, because oh, why did you let someone do this, his absolute cow testicles !!" But I can't shoot a movie after I started watching it unfortunately. I had to follow From Dusk Til Dawn later only to remind myself that Tom Savini has the task of behaving himself! If there was an option for 0/10 then believe me, I would have chosen it, because this film is not even worth the only point I gave! <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
