This movie actually works from a fairly original idea - I've never seen nymphs thrown out of paradise in a horror movie before. However, the way in which he performs this idea is not the least original; we follow a group of boys who, for some reason, decide to take a trip to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than a simple forest filled with rednecks / nutcases / zombies etc; but in reality, monsters are just a variation of the common horror in the theme of the woods. Many films of this genre do not have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells with only that. The only real resource that monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women whose characters they crave, rather than being horrible grotesques they want to escape from. This is fine up to a certain point; but soon it becomes boring, and the almost total lack of any retrospective surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film will never come out of the "horror trash" category. <br /> <br /> Years have gone by The Evil Dead has made forests a privileged horror place, and despite films like The Blair Witch Project; it's still a great horror setting. This is one of the main strengths of the film, given that the forest has a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned does not seem to have much in its hands. The death sequences show a clear lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are at the extreme cliché does not help, given that they are more likely to look forward to seeing them killed rather than hoping they can escape. The cast is mainly composed of boys, but here there is a role for Tom Savini; which unfortunately does not have fun in the special effects department. The only real feature of the film is that in which the staff is interested in the nymphs themselves. Naked women tend to look great, and if it weren't for them, this movie would get very boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie for real; but if you want a little horror movie that recalls the style of the forest movies of the eighties, you might find some fun here.
