People have tried to make me believe that the premise of this supernatural horror / thriller junk was inspired by the last words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name escapes me at the moment). While waiting for his execution in the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would come back to life and continue to go on endlessly for murder. By the way, it's not a very original idea to shoot a horror movie. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented the same basic premise, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". However, "The First Power" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not a completely terrible effort, but the script echoes excessively clichés and lacks genuine thrills. The film begins as an ok, albeit trivial serial killer film in which the obsessive hero of policeman Lou Diamond Philips chases a maniac who carves bloody staves in the breasts of his victims. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the beautiful and underrated Tracy Griffith. She leads him to the murderer but he also begs not to kill him, as this would entail an even greater catastrophe! Thanks to Tess's helpful suggestions, Detective Logan quickly captures the murderer and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to do some more murder. "The First Power" gets pretty bad once the killer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired satanic powers to wipe out the whole world (that's what I would do in his position), Channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis, copper. He annoyingly calls him "Buddy-Boy" all the time and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to fool him. Although never really boring or poorly realized, it is a very weak film to bear, especially because the déjà-vu is constantly felt. The writer / director Robert Resnikoff shamelessly uses every terrible cliché (the murderer was sexually abused as a child) and even the lines of the players can be easily predicted. As soon as Griffith explains that he is able to predict the future, you only know that, somewhere in the film, he will say the ridiculously abused phrase "I tell people that to live their lives, but my life itself is a mess". Yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is quite adequate, but it is rather difficult to take seriously the young rebel of "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" as a hard copper. There are also good supporting roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and the horror legend B-movie David Gale ("Re-Animator") appears in a tiny cameo at the beginning of the film.
