Terrible! Terrible! Terrible! No, I didn't like it. It was obvious what the film's intent was: to trace the rotations and traffic of the "movers and shakers" that produce a film. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves as if they were different from what they are. I didn't need a movie to tell me how superficial some people in the film industry are. I guess I'm guilty because I was expecting something like "Roman Holiday". <br /> <br /> I am not a filmmaker and I do not do film courses but it seemed to me that the film consisted of a series of "two shots" (in the main section) in which the actors (!) had been provided with a free plot line and had to improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon states that along with Victoria Foyt he wrote the script, but the impression was that the actors, aware of the film's general direction, improvised the dialogue - and not always succeeded. One such case was when Ron Silver made some remarks that he didn't really follow the line of conversation (and I'm not going back to look for it!) And Greta Scacchi burst out laughing even though they had to have a serious conversation, because the observation of Silver was such a non sequitur. You also have the impression that an actor deliberately tries to "set foot wrong" on the other actor and break his concentration. Another example is when a producer tells Silver to "bring the documents & *% # @ # ^" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost for words. I saw another film that looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation and that was terrible too! <br /> <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (not a stranger to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggest that it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had a face like "what the hell makes me do here" at all times and I expected to hear him say, "Look, I'm a director and screenwriter, not an actor" - which wouldn't have been necessary to declare! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. Regardless of the jerky delivery of the dialogue, the hand-held camera became irritating even if it was for verisimilitude - as I suspected the "natural" dialogue - and the interest in the principals was included in the interest of the various young people who walked beach tries to creep into the shot. This at least approached Cinema Verite. So, along with the annoying French song during which I used the mute button, made for a generally disappointing 90-odd minute. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid publishing films like this. Trying to see the value in the film in which he has little credit to justify a perceived transcendent level to it is misleading. There was really nothing avant-garde about it. It was not seen as a work of art, yet it was not even a documentary. I know, it was a documentary, but the real test is if it's fun. I was bored by my skull! He had a saving feature: he pronounced "Cannes" correctly, so I gave it at 3/10.
