'I do not understand. None of this makes sense! "Exclaims an exasperated character towards the end of Death Smiles at Murder. Having just passed through this completely confusing confusion of a film, I know exactly how it feels. The story of the film's director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'amato who uses his real name for a change), is a clumsy mix of supernatural, murder / mystery and fake arty junk, the genre of which is probably aimed at those who admire the 70s trippy junk like Jess Franco's most bizarre efforts , but that made me struggle to remain conscious. <br /> <br /> Opening with a mourning hunchback for the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had had a Death Smiles of Murder he soon becomes very confused when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, who plays in the same strange "Death Laid an Egg") is seen alive and well, the only survivor of a car accident that occurs outside of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück's estate. After having been invited to stay and recover their home, where it is cured by the gruesome Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski in a secondary role), the beautiful girl begins the love affairs with Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück (which means that the spectators are treated to some short but welcome lovin 'nookie and lesbian scenes). <br /> <br /> 'So far, so good', I thought to myself at this point, 'we had hunchbacks, incest, a little blood and guts, and free female nudity' all the ingredients of a big euro-horror trash; what follows, however, is a lame attempt by Massacessi to combine yellow-style killings, ghostly events, and even elements from "The Black Cat" by Edgar Allan Poe, to tell a story of revenge that is very stupid, absolutely baffling and in definitive extremely boring from beyond the grave. <br /> <br /> This film seems to have few admirers here on IMDb, but given the choice, I'd rather watch one of the director's most fancy films from later in his career; I imagine that the incomprehensible, sinuous, surreal gothic 70s horror is not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (purely for gore and nekkness of cheese), rounded to 3 for IMDb.
