Honestly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" had something to do for it. The highly successful horror filmmakers who are now left aside by the industry being given the chance to direct the horror again, I was all set up from the start. I mean, until I saw some episodes ... Oh boy, it's really bad TV. It seems not only that filmmakers are given very few budgets to direct their skits, but there seem to be guidelines, such as shooting in HD. In short, it is bad both for artistic reasons and for financial reasons. I can't help but compare "Tales From The Crypt" and the M.o.H. the episodes do not really hold up the comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; I think there are some keys to explain it here: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I think it allowed more dense scripts, with good ideas that repeat more often, better vision episode overall, less chance of letting the plot be confusing or boring. The duration could have been also the reason why the budget was spent better for TFTC: the directors must have real composers of film music (composers on MOH are if inexistent, very bad), REAL actors (while on MOH it is not other than an unknown actor after an unknown actor!), REAL directors of photography and, sometimes, it can help REAL cameras (while MOH is shot on HD cameras with wrongly chosen slow lenses), the result of which is that the episodes of TFTC they seemed "cinematographic" in the sense that there were real actors, ranging from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but behind there are also composers, from the range of Alan Silvestri, great directors of photography like Dean Cundey , scriptwriters of high-level screenwriters, and in this sense every "Tale" was a small film of its true genre. Compared to the TFTC, the "Masters of Horrors" is a rather lame approach to television horror. It's very difficult to keep watching it if your cinematography standards are just above average, because it looks the same as any bad TV series, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast, within the first 10 minutes usually. The actors have never been heard before the aspirants (with the exception of Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, but also there, they are the only famous actors of their episodes). The base of the director for MoH was good at the beginning, but it's getting worse in every episode: now even if the directors are unknown in the world, what's left? Anything! And it's funny how they're starting to have complete unknown directors while they haven't had, for example, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy .. If even the "Masters of Horror" can't bring dead filmmakers back to life, who will? Perhaps a replica of Tales from the Crypt will.
