Fan of horror (I'm talking to the over 12, even if you are under 12 I apologize for what you might consider an insult): In short, if you appreciate that your imagination is disturbed by an original storytelling well written and punctuated by unpredictable scares well planted and delivered through convincing performances, so I can strongly recommend - AVOID THESE STEAMERS - made by directors who apparently have passed their expiration date for some time. It is no coincidence that almost every episode feels like it was made in the 1980s. Don't blame directly on the shoulders of some of these old people (or even the 80s) because where we would be without some films by artists like Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (Actually Clive, WTF are you doing in there ?! I'm glad to see Romero had the good sense to give him a shot because I'm sure he was asked to participate ...). More perhaps we should point the finger at the creator Mick Garris, whose credentials include the challenging and depressing TV remake of TV of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece "The Shining". <br /> <br /> Perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today. Are we so hungry for a good television horror that we applaud any old sloppy schlock that networks expel on our sets? Unfortunately, perhaps it is so. <br /> <br /> Normally I would not see the point of adding a comment that does not dispute the defects and merits of a production, I would evaluate it only accordingly. However, since this series is terribly devoid of any merit (perhaps with the sole exception of the theme melody) I write this as a warning rather than a review: DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. If you disagree with me then it's more than likely that you haven't seen enough decent horror. Perhaps the first films of some of these directors would have been a better place to start, but if these "Masters" of Horror had been evaluated only with these works, they could never have graduated even with the degree. Unless they were studying for a degree at S ** t University.
