We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original universal soldier and his famous Asian friend who is chased by a river by what appear to be universal soldiers. They almost kill the two, then oh, wait, it was just a field test. We come to Deveraux is now part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of Universal Soldiers. The reason why he would like to be involved in this (if you know something about the original) is never explained and goes beyond my abilities. <br /> <br /> It is after this fragile fragment that the true story begins. The US government has cut the budget of the Universal Soldier's project and in the process has angered SETH (the big artificial mainframe computer that controls Universal Soldiers). Of course it will not be closed without a fight. So this means that Van Damme has to go around and take out all the new breed of Universal Soldiers. It sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a sequel, but that doesn't stop him from becoming stupid to die for. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. It looks like you can't go wrong to launch a wrestler in an action movie. It's big, it's hard, isn't it? Mistaken. Van Damme doesn't seem to have trouble cleaning the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here lost on me. Then there is the breaking of the glass. A rudimentary part of any action movie, but someone involved must have a glass fetish. You must see the particular combat scenes. We are not talking about how nobody cuts or at least slips. Then to put the icing on top of this disarmed train, they have SETH (the computer) that protects a human body for itself and how appropriate it is when they make the bad black (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white guy who fights a bad black that would seem. Potentially offensive and simply decidedly lame. It's not even a substitute for Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a very bad sequel. He's strong, he's stupid and he doesn't care. The original was nothing poetic, but it made some sense with a science fiction element and was entertained on a basic level. The sequel no. However, they keep the execution time under ninety minutes and somehow found a way to huddle up in a string club sequence. So give the credit where the credit is due.
