I heard about Unisol 2 for the first time when I went to a movie theater while I was on vacation in America. I didn't pay much attention to it until I bought the original DVD which led me to discover its three sequels. Then I started reading on The Return on IMDB and asked friends what they thought. Despite their horrible criticism, I still did everything to see it and was on the verge of buying it until I saw it for DVD rental. I didn't expect much, but I thought it should be a little decent to get a movie in the US, after all, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for it. It's so bad I almost cried. What a total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this move is. Honestly. This is an idiotic movie. No, it's more than an idiot. I can't believe how it was done. I can't believe anyone out there didn't murder Mic Rogers. How stupid people can be - firstly, Van Damme actually thinks the script and the finished film are good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley, of Terminator 2 and Air Force One, engaged in this film. I simply can't believe the stupidity of this movie. He takes himself so seriously, but he comes across the public as a parody. Here is an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is a human being again) - "I want my daddy", SETH- "So do I". Oh yes, and someone tries to turn off SETH by pulling three huge levers with - wait - ON and OFF written on them. Acting is like acting in preschool. I'm sure Mr. Director modeled Luc's reporter's girlfriend to April O'Neil from the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - he refuses to go because "... he needs his story". I mean, come on - how many clichés can a movie use? Please listen to my fellow IMDB friends: don't touch it with a barge pole. To conclude, Universal Soldier: The Return has no relation to the first film. In fact, if they weren't called UniSols, you would never know that it was a sequel. Luc is now a human being again - what the hell!?! The only place where you can access the Internet is in a strip club. All the new Uni Sols seem to have been dragged out of the way, they are so unconvincing. This is pure torture to watch, so do yourself a favor - don't torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the film: Romeo jumps from a building and shouts 'Oh sh * t'.
