After seeing the low budget shittier versions of the "Universal Soldier" series, I hoped and prayed that Van Damme would resume the role of Luc Devoreaux in a second film Unisol. Well, it seemed that this prayer had an answer, but not in the way I hoped. Universial Soldier 2 is as intense as poetry reading in your local library. No, that would be even more intriguing. The fighting sequences are of the highest level, quality Bruce Lee, which is the only saving factor in this whole pathetic excuse for a film. This is the former legendary WCW "Goldberg" who plays the villain. However, placing Goldberg as Seth's lieutenant assistant would have been better. <br /> <br /> I was more offended by the setting of the film itself. It is as if some film school students had slapped him together. The gaps in the plot are so much bigger than the ego of Kanye West which is what this film really did. For example: Luc's daughter, Hillary, is 11-13 years old and the first film was shot only seven years ago. How is it possible? Tell me that! The part where Luc's partner was killed and turned into an Unisol is just damn ridiculous! You mean to tell me that there was an experimental Unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the film. Come on, come on. The director could have spent more time with this film as the first and sew all the holes in the plot. But oooh nooo! <br /> <br /> About the plot, SUCKS! Compared to the first film, the plot of Universal Soldier 2 is watered down and worthless. Where are the thrilling shivers in which an Unisol goes mad and recalls his last memories in a supermarket fury thinking of his Desert Storm or something like that? This was the dawn of the Millennium, you would have attracted more spectators if this had happened in a dystopia / Orwellian type of the future cesspool. Corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad, sad sequel. <br /> <br /> From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, and hell, even the low cost of the 1999 "Terminator" class is no more fun than this!
