OK I saw this movie to get a benchmark for evil but with this film it's the best Unisol movie now plot Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has spent countless hours training and fighting with him, to perfect and perfect the UniSol program in an attempt to create a new and stronger race of soldier that is more sophisticated, intelligent and agile. All the new Unisols, which are faster and more powerful than their predecessors, are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH, a propeller of self-evolutionary thinking. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier's program is scheduled to be shut down due to budget cuts, it takes things in its own "hands" to protect itself. By killing those who try to extinguish his power and unleashing his platoon of super-soldiers, led by the muscular Romeo, SETH spares Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to deactivate an integrated program that will close SETH down within a few hours . With the help of a hacker named Squid, SETH takes human form. Not only does Luc have to contend with the ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his part, but Luc will also have to deal with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Luc's injured 13-year-old daughter, Hillary, and now holds her hostage. Luc is the only person able to save Hillary, because Luc knows firsthand how a UniSol thinks, feels and fights. now there are problems as in any film as some have found it strange how a journalist simply came there and the soldiers can be flattened with a truck, however, when Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun with a bullet and they die and the final scene of fighting was incredible when Luc is now human and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can get a hit from him. with the final clash when Luc tore it to pieces I was really surprised that the pieces hadn't melted and reformed (Terminator 2). another thing that bothers me is how the hell does Vanne Damme get good actors to play relatives, in the case of Vanne Damme she is completely off the grid of how this movie is science fiction. The musical score now that it must have a mention you have ever listened to a song in which you would prefer to cut a blackboard with a knife well Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The positive points are that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first there is only one naked scene, while in the first there are many (I am still obsessed with the scenes in # 1) even the actors in this have a certain talent while in the first the casting guys were sadists (if you don't believe me you are looking for him)
