The mind impresses exactly what the Universal Soldier deserves a following. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, would not have been able to resume her role from the original, there is already very little reason to allow herself this obvious abandonment of taxes. Bold attempts have been made to bridge the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to be living the moment of his life in this film, and he makes a nice stab at filling the role of bad comedian required. For once, his role is the type who plans to repeat the same line a couple of times, and does not get upset. The problem from the public's point of view is that none of these gentlemen really has a sense of comic time or lesser humility that makes Lundgren such a pleasure to look at in almost all of his films. And here is the problem. Don't go see a Van Damme movie because you want serious action. Go because you want a comedy, however involuntary. <br /> <br /> Unbeknownst to many people, Universal Soldier was followed by two video-directed sequels. I saw only the first, whose production value was so serious that one can only wonder if it was a sort of elaborate joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that, for once in his career, the sight of Jean-Claude Van Damme is a welcome relief. The film more or less completely neglects the stories of the aforementioned direct-to-video sequels, and instead begins a completely new story set indefinitely after the events of the original. After years of investigations and explanations, the Unisol project is still going ahead, with some minor changes. For one, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to their previous cousins. For another, all Unisols are now under the direction of a supercomputer called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH exists primarily as a series of abstract graphic elements within a glass dome. <br /> <br /> Being that the film hardly lasts more than eighty minutes, we are immediately told that funding to the armed forces is being cut The Unisol project is on the cutting block, which essentially means that SETH will be deactivated . SETH, somehow listening to this conversation through means that are never really explained, decides to mobilize the Unisols as an army against those who try to silence him. His only problem is that sometimes it is necessary to enter a code in his system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two people have the code in question. SETH kills the first one in a short time and those familiar with the plot kit with which the Van Damme films are built can guess who the second case is within five seconds. The rest of the film revolves around the Unisols' attempts to get the code from Van Damme without hurting him too badly. A subplot with a daughter and a reporter is woven into the film, but adds so much to Van Damme's story about the acting profession. <br /> <br /> The film is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichés. When SETH transplants his command module into the body of Michael Jai White, we receive a talk about how the time of humans ended. He continues to tell his soldiers how fear and mortality will be humanity's weakness. Damn, SETH, do you mean that they won't be our strengths? Joking aside, the short duration of the film is both the weakness of the film and its strength. Leave the action without a proper configuration. In the original, we are given a very thorough explanation of the Unisols, how they work and how they are brought to the state seen in most of the film. Here, the writer seems to assume that the viewer knows what an Unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and wonder was created leaving the explanation for later in the film when the hero lies in an ice tub. Here, one of the villains gets hit with a gun that leaves huge holes in his uniform (and presumably his body), getting up every time without stopping to breathe. <br /> <br /> I tend to reserve the score of one for films that are so bad that they become fun in a completely unintentional way. If you can see it cheaply, kick yourself out. This is the kind of film that makes me lose the Mystery Science Theater.
