In his depiction of a miserable Milanese underclass, this film was probably quite revealing in his day. However, I have the feeling that neorealism was never really the bag of the director De Sica, because here he decided to try to create a sort of modern fable centered on a boy who had been found in a cabbage hole by an old dear in the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends up living in a slum in Milan. Organize the inhabitants into community actions and keep morale high by going around with an annoyingly constant smile on your face and testing them on their time tables. That no one tells him where to bet his time, the tables are beyond me, since these people have much more important things to think about, like the next Pot Noodle. However, De Sica uses a dramatically sublime device to highlight exactly why these poor clods are where they are. Everything depends on capitalism, of course, and to illustrate this, the wretches have to discover a source of oil on their land. Brilliant! To his credit, however, at this point he gave up making a serious film, and the capitalists appear as severe caricatures, all furs and cigars. They want that land, but our mathematical hero will not support this nonsense. With a bizarre stroke of luck, his old dead guardian from the time of the cabbage appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove. He uses it to give presents to his companions, who are as greedy as cigars. I think this film was a missed opportunity. Facing the issue of poverty, as not many directors had done until then, and then getting caught up in a fairy tale, to me it seems a bit silly. How come the "great" directors get away with a child's story like the one we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have pulled back from the idea of ​​letting the poor people fly to Milan Cathedral and to a higher place on broomsticks. De Sica, however, is proclaimed a genius for this. Surely the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is adamant and that miracles never happen to them, is enough for any narrator to work with. <br /> <br />
