When I was 16 I saw the documentary: "A funny thing happened on the way to the moon". I actually liked it and believed it for a couple of years. But then I grew up and started thinking, and when I looked for more information. This is: more information from coil sources and undistorted sources. When I started university, not long ago, I asked an astronomy assistant professor about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: he said all those theories where he is. This baffled me, I didn't believe it before, but then presented evidence for his claims. He quickly denied most of the theories on the subject: "humans did not go to the moon". The most outrageous is that the Apollo aircraft could not travel through the Van-Allen radiation belt without the crew dying from radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret anti-radiation aluminum alloy. It is not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And because it's a secret: well, why should they reveal it then? If they were in a space race with the Russians, it would be VERY stupid to reveal that they have a new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there's the biggest test of all: Moonstones. When the Apollo missions went to the moon, they brought back many rocks from the moon, to give similar geologists and scientists, who are documenting all things on the moon. These rocks and stones are MADE FROM THE MOON. Because: the basic internal elements, of which all consist, are also made of special isotopes, which are different from the quarry to the quarry, from the earth to the earth, and in particular from the planet to the planet. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been tried, which do not come from the earth. The astronauts have taken CENTO from Kilogram's of these rocks home, all of which have proven to come from above ground and from the same planet. Ergo: the moon landings where they are not fake. NASA has gone to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet, but a satellite for a planet, a moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed in laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proven: humans have gone to the moon - it's a fact, ready. <br /> <br /> But I don't worry: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and ignorant, which is mainly why they don't make it known or lie about these facts. The fact remains: humans have walked on the moon.
