From its title little inspired by piano performances, Curiosity is a truly irrelevant film. The film has won over some fans due to the fact that the name of Quentin Tarantino is linked to it, and the fool and out of place nods with the movie Rodriguez / Tarantino "From sunset to dawn". However, these things do not make a great film, and this is more than evident until "Cagliata". The film suffers from an absolute lack of ideas and tries to mask it with murders destined to be elegant and events that should be disturbing. The Mexican musical score that accompanies many of the film's sequences is obviously meant to be interesting, but it becomes annoying very quickly; especially apart from the fact that the main character is the Mexican, it does not fit the tone of the film. The plot of the film is typically unusual and follows a gorehound who, due to his obsession with the gruesome murders, accepts a job with a company that cleans up murder scenes. It looks boring and it is. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin is the only "name" on the cast list, and he too is not impressed. He has not been given anything to do in the film and besides talking to his victims and standing trying to look threatening, he is practically wasted. Angela Jones, or rather; the Pulp Fiction taxi driver assumes the role of protagonist of the young woman obsessed with murder, and it is always clear that it is her involvement with Pulp Fiction to win her this role, not her ability as an actor. She may have been pretty good in her little role in Tarantino's masterpiece, but she doesn't have the talent to direct a movie by herself. It seems desperate and out of place for most of the film, and if it weren't for its Latin accent; it would not convince the public that it is a strange one at any level. Cagliato is a hundred percent piece of forgotten waste. Movies like this often earn praise for the invention or for the antics of the black comedian; but this fails at all levels. Whether you are a Tarantino fan, a William Baldwin fan, a horror fan or just a movie fan; this is one to lose.
