This is probably the most retarded 1980s slasher ever made, but how can you be tough in a movie that features non-stop images of dozens of wonderful women with hilarious bodies doing aerobic exercises, doing showers and wandering around in tight gym clothes? Before becoming a horror film, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promotional video to encourage the use of steroids, silicones and other body-stimulating fitness products. If they left out all the footage of big boys lifting weights and lovely girls moving their asses and racks up to unbearable songs from the 80s, there probably only remained about 15 minutes of history. A lot of time to improvise a plot of a sadistic murderer who massacres young health fanatics with a big safety pin (yes ??). The film opens with an unintentionally exhilarating scene of a girl frying between an electric appliance for sunbathing. Several years later people turn up dead in the same spa. You don't really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or rocket scientist to understand that there's a connection between the murders and the burning incident, right? Investigating the case is a seemingly braindead cop (and similar to Charles Napier!) And a private beef detective who gets lucky with the most extravagant beauty of the 80s I've ever seen! Looking through the credits, his name is Dianne Copeland, apparently, and she has done nothing other than this turkey and a troma imbecille called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a wasted opportunity! She might not have been a great actress, but surely she had two other BIG advantages that would have helped her move up in the entertainment world. The amount of blood and the quality of the effects of make-up are nothing special, either. We are treated with a pair of bizarre knives with a pin and some barbecued human meat. The twists towards the end are ridiculous and predictable, but at that time no one takes the film more seriously, however. "Aerobicida" (a.k.a "Killer Workout") is recommended in case you want to turn off all brain functions for a night, but still want to watch a movie! Indeed it would be a fantastic double feature with "Death Spa". Both films have a lot of sexy and poorly dressed girls ?? and both films are pretty stupid.
