The Darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film while F. Murray Abraham was at stake. Spoiler: About half way, F. Murray is hoed, because The Darkling is a kind of demon-like creature that enjoys living vicariously. It takes bums and losers and perverts them further giving them everything they want in terms of success. It feeds on their enjoyment of the seven deadly sins. However, part of it is that it needs to get people who may be imperfect but not completely evil. Otherwise they cannot "pervert" their natural goodness. This is what the little boy said in his Barry White voice, which I found both fascinating and fun. Mostly fun. Like imagining Barry White if he was a little dwarf and was telling Aiden Gillen "Dee Plane, Dee Plane, Bos, Here eet as, Dee Plane!" Throughout the film, Dee Dwarf (actually a robotic cherub) talks to Aiden Gillen in the voice of Barry White, saying things like "It's okay to be bad, you know you want it." "Now you've committed a murder, you're really moving up in the world" and other comments that look like "Being Evil" Stores or something like that. It's really hilarious in a sick way. <br /> <br /> However, Aiden Gillen is not F. Murray Abraham, and the tanks of the movie as soon as Murray takes the ax (or does he have a knife?). F. Murray brings a certain happy evil to his role in this film. He is a good actor. Aiden Gillen, on the other hand, has a happy permanent smile on her face, and it seems perhaps her corrective Comp English. the class had never struck the mythological characters and could not imagine what it was. ENDING is really disturbing and yet almost comical. If this film was a parody, the ending was perfect. If it wasn't a parody, then it was disturbing; but an economic use of a young girl to provide a coarse out that the film itself could not offer. The people who made this film lost what they wanted to do with it somewhere before the finale. It ends just as they have just realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quick ending.
