On the surface, this film would appear to address the psychological process called individuation, that is, how to become a true self by embracing the so-called "dark" side of human nature. So, we have the Darkling, a classic diabolical creature that desperately seeks out the company (ie the recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is managed, more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little deeper, we find that the real meaning of this film is how you should relate to your machine as you would any other person: - in the opening scene, the main character ( male car mechanic fallen from grace) is collecting fragments of cars destroyed with his daughter, when a car accident almost destroys the child. Lesson 1: Cars are people embodied by immortal souls and stealing from car wrecks is identical to a serious robbery. The wicked have disturbed the dead and must be punished. - soon after, another character (Rubin) buys a car accident with the intention of repairing it and selling it as a famous race car, once lost and now found, and is warned by the seller. Lesson 2: just like any other person, a car has a unique identity that cannot be altered or replaced. Also, there's the twist that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people think of as simply garbage, but in the end that quality turns out to be a projection of Rubin's personal greed for more profits. Lesson 3: You will never consider your car only as a medium, but always as an end in itself. - Then we have the scene in which the main character is presented to Rubin and, above all, Rubin's car: the evaluation of the main character of the car qualities is not based only on his external appearance, but also from an in-depth look at the engine room interior. Lesson 4: A car is not just to be judged by its appearance, it is what is inside that really counts. There is a punishment in store for those who do not keep this lesson in mind, as we see in the scene where another man tries to sell Rubin a fake collector's car. This scene also highlights the importance of lesson no. 3. <br /> <br /> There are numerous other examples in the film on the subject "car = person", and I am too tired to worry about mentioning them all, but the point remains (and I suppose that's what I'm really trying to say that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or, if you are a car enthusiast.
