Close to the final stages of Baby Mama, one of the central characters continues describing the basic profile of everything that came before and summarizes that "it was all just a disaster"; I couldn't really say it better than that. And while the feature has its strange ray of hope from time to time, the vast majority of what is present is too castrated to be considered relevant and too insignificant to deserve anyone's time. A lackluster cast, a worldly script and vague and caricatured characters ensure that Baby Mama is certainly not coming to terms with the old pumpkin, but does not compensate for this through her sense of humor. Composed primarily of routine jokes and clichés based on a strange couple (rich and poor) trying to live together as they prepare to bring a child into the world, the film is too esoteric to offer laughter out of its very thin demographic. <br /> <br /> Like a story about finding love, it's not so bad, but interpreting this plot as a sort of side-story to match the odd pair of comedy-oriented comedies, the characterization is remarkably weak, resulting in a lukewarm romanticism that never makes bubbles. As characters, both central figures have a little fun when put together in small spaces, but when they are left alone they unravel quickly and discover their emptiness; so, while at the end we might come to find the interactions between them sometimes funny characters, the comedy never branches off beyond the distant laughter; we don't feel for the characters and we don't find them intrinsically interesting, but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately though, although this dynamic works better, or at least better than individual people, as mentioned above, it rarely derives from the typical boundaries of the odd-pair formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who hired the working class, the blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely surrogate, and after Angie decides to leave the desperate husband Carl (Dax Shepard), both will eventually have to learn to live together despite their obvious differences. Yes, it is the typical premise of odd pairs, and the one we have already seen in What Happens in Vegas this year, yet what Baby Mama lacks in that film above is both chemistry between performers and semi-level characters. Kate and Angie never manage to show much of a personality outside of their two-dimensional scheme and as such both actors are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce from nothing. In fact, the film's only truly compelling performance and character comes from the little-used talent of Romany Malco who gets angry with the port man role. Of the few times I laughed during Baby Mama, most of those moments were due to this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. <br /> <br /> It is rarely rare to find a film that embodies its script themes in the way its world is shot and presented to us through the camera, yet director Michael McCullers moves from page to page. another sufficiently effectively. Yet for a film about children, a multi-million dollar business and cultural stereotypes, it's not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is a city of very high quality wood with a tiled surface covered in sugar. So not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters due to their two-dimensional nature, but I just didn't care about the world they lived in. The dialogue, along with the sets, costumes and general themes of the script are painted in pastel blue and pink so much that all the nuances of humanity are lost in the director's incessant need to make his film look like a neutral fantasy; these are not characters and is our world in no way ?? so why should i worry? At the end of the day, however, the ultimate indicator of the success or failure of a romantic comedy stems purely from his chemistry between his love interests and the frequency of his laughter; Baby Mama has little success in one of these departments. Obviously to say that the film has no value would be unfair. I'm sure the female audience on a similar boat as the protagonist Kate can get a slight kickoff, but anyone else will probably feel numb and probably bored. In this respect Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never convinces itself of being something remarkable or worthy of a look at someone outside its immediate audience; a comic disaster and a romantic misalignment, Baby Mama is too light to be interesting and too superficial to be funny. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
