Perhaps being a former Muscovite and having a sense of elastic humor prevents me from launching this film into the trash of the auteur film. It's not the biggest movie of 2005, nor is it complete junk. It has just a lot of problems. I also sincerely doubt that this film was banned because of "ideological fears", or "conservative taboos" or any other reason why this film could be called "brave" and "intransigent" abroad. It was banned because the censors knew that 99% of Russian filmmakers found it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the filming and editing of this otherwise boring film. <br /> <br /> So we have a strong shot opening. Wonderful sound design, excellent premise - full of meaning and symbolism. The use and placement of symbols will consistently be the strongest aspects of the film (not that number 4 is a daunting visual challenge). In the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong setup. A funny and well-written bar conversation between the 3 (main?) Characters, and we feel pathos for these people, the great country of Russia, the human condition and all the rest. So the film starts to slow down. We begin to ask ourselves what - saves us. <br /> <br /> The rest is quite boring, simply put. Of course, the village boy tugs his heart strings, and there are some slightly amusing moments. Nice sound, sure. But the enjoyment of this film, not to mention the plot, is seriously compromised by the problems of rhythm. And this, this lack of a gain to sit through all the misery and miserable misery, is what will eventually make people angry with the "offensive" stuff (personally, the main offensive scene bordered on being appealing, in that way pathetic may appear drunk innocents). <br /> <br /> If you want to see a funny movie in which the Russians are wasted for extended periods of time (the whole movie), look at the details of the National Hunt. Much more rewarding post-Soviet stuff. So yes, a 4 out of 10 for 4, beautiful and symbolic of my post-mediocre condition.
