I'm starting to think there's a conspiracy, all right: one that involves a round of money being paid to those who have access to columns published in newspapers and movie and art magazines to ensure that this or that movie, despite its darkness, can reach a higher state through a point of evaluation that tags it with a "universal acclamation" or something within that range, thus ensuring that unsuspecting people (like me) will wander into theaters or rent the bloody thing, expecting a surprise, just to find me running towards the bathroom for upchuck. <br /> <br /> This film is one of them. He surely circumvented me on every posted article I met because it's pretty clear that two things could have happened: either I didn't receive the message so hidden under the inner realms of this movie that I couldn't access, or they and I watched two movies completely different that happen to share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the public. No wonder he appeared and disappeared faster than one could say "smorsgabord" and that, despite his judgment on Metacritic, no one had heard of it. It's terrible with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First, there is the ubiquitous number four from start to finish. Despite having some symbolism here and there, that's fine, and it has been done with varying degrees of success in many famous films, this film is panting. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera in an empty street until then, suddenly, the machines fall to the fore and proceed to tear the asphalt. Four people in a bar, even if one of them is a non-entity. Three of them go their separate way but are still connected, not just with each other but with what their lives are not. Although this concept may work, the film unfolds so much - in particular with the story of the aspiring model interpreted by Marina Vovchenko who enters the extremely bizarre territory, and not in a good sense - that the initial theme becomes lost in the translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I just "didn't understand". The problem also lies in the fact that so much time is spent in the history of Marina (which revolves around the death of her sister, from chewing bread, no less, and the subsequent, shrill mourning that follows) that all interest in intrinsic Surrealism is dissipated without a track. And what if the same gruesome stories that the three strangers exchanged in a bar seem to have their own truth? The director does not invest much time to tie them together, or to weave a closer story that could, in a David Lynchian way, intersect either with the past-present, or within alternative dimensions, or even as a simple science and trivial - fiction story. This is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that could only stand a saint (or someone in a strange one for the strange).
