I saw the movie at the Belgrade Film Festival last week and I'm still working on the trauma. In essence, my point of view seems to correspond to a number of others: the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, amusing and promising. Well recited too. Natural. My problem, however, is not simply the fact that the last hour and a half of the film has nothing to do with the good start, nor the fact that I spent most of this time bursting into agony with industrial sounds sharp and scratching and squinting at drunk, toothless and chewing drunks. It is rather with the fact that they HAVE NEVER NOTIFIED ME !!! The synopsis of the festival pamphlet described only the first half-hour (absolutely intriguing) - a whore, a piano tuner and a bar-selling meat vendor, pretending to be an advertising agent, a geneticist and an insignificant official of the public administration, mention anything that never ends. I really need to not read the reviews, you could say - but in my defense, a number of reviews that I looked at the post-fact um didn't at all point to the immensity and the absolute unbearability of most of the film. /> <br /> The first suggestion should have been the introductory words of the director (a shy and disheveled young Russian) who placed himself in front of the crowded auditorium (the film seems to do incredibly well critically, and the tickets were sold out a lot) before the screening, even though most of the audience seemed unaware of my pain, judging by the plethora of unearthly moans and groans that had completely invaded the theater in the last half hour, and many exasperated comments at the exit) to say how much follows: "Well, I ... um, thank you very much for coming to see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long film ... it took me four years to make it, e. .. it is .. I suggest you see it and immediately try to forget it. It is very long Thank you for coming. ' That's what he said. The alarm bells should have been ringing. "What are you talking about?" I was thinking in a happy confusion. "This will be fun!" Of course, when his strangely apologetic comments began to make sense to me, it was too late to go out. All I could do was squirm in growing agony until the lights came on again, and in the end I can't say I feel myself in no way improved by experience. Yes, I absolutely loved the first half hour. He was intelligent, new and had a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. life without teeth in the wastelands is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes yes yes. I take all this. Really I do But I don't see earthly reasons why art and meaning should be so anguished and so painful to bear. a film landing somewhere between the extremes of gorgeous Hollywood plastic and fantastic hours of muddy vodka, try the Korean-Chinese bin Jip (3-Iron). , but also for the point and fun.
