MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those films with a behind-the-scenes story that is more interesting than the film itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his apprenticeship year, and his first two reporters. Here he played one of his last real bad roles (although the feature film TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was yet to come), and he also scored one of the last times he would have worked for a director other than himself. Indeed, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost got him fired from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had not gotten along with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography he had to take over a simple "girl" was the last straw . Charlie and Mabel discussed bitterly during the making of this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer to Keystone and his colleagues didn't know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on the verge of firing Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were catching on and exhibitors wanted more of them soon, so Chaplin promised to have the chance to head off in this film as he wanted Mabel. br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of that drama is visible on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which resembles the typical Keystone chaos. The story is about a car race in which Mabel's beau (Harry McCoy) is expected, but the evil Charlie and his henchmen kidnap the boy, and Mabel has to take the wheel in her place. For all the races around, throwing bricks and biting the finger the film is frankly short on laughs, but there are some points of interest. There is good cinematography and editing in the sequence of the race, even if there aren't really gags, just a lot of hectic activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, with a goat-like beard on his chin and he wears the top hat and frock coat he wore in his first film appearance, MAKING A LIVING, but the suit fits the old-fashioned evil that shows in everything. At least it's strange to see him play such an unusual role. Keystone backers like Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strangely derided way, and a more distinctive Mack Sennett, who spits tobacco and does his usual irreverent routine, are visible on the runway stands. As an artist, Sennett was as thin as the movies he produced, but you have to give the boy credit: he knew what people liked. These films were extremely popular in their day. Mack's performance doesn't add much to MABEL AT THE WHEEL, but it probably had to be available for filming this movie to make sure his stars didn't kill each other.
