Who would have ever wanted a sequel to Bert I. Gordon's legendary trash film "Food of the Gods"? Nobody, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea anyway and he put together a late sequel that stands as one of the most redundant films in the history of horror. "Gnaw" is a sequel in name only, as the setting has moved into a typical 1980s location (a university campus) and even the cheap and cheap visual effects perfectly illustrate the 80s. This screenplay is hanging from clichés, terribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen by other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a two-shoe scientist who does growth experiments on ordinary rodents to do a fellow scientist a favor. Because of some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, the huge and ravenous mice run away and devour almost everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Jaws" started, there is a hideous Dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severely mutilated corpses are popping up everywhere. During a hysterically grotesque climax, the rats invade the opening ceremony of the new campus sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and therefore very fun to watch! The characters do and say unimaginably stupid things (like going down the disarmed sewers while they know it's rat-infested), the acting is atrocious and there's a really bizarre sequence involving the hero having sex under the influence of the serum of growth! I wonder what Freud's theory would be about this! Is there a satisfying amount of cold blood and crap ?? must be said ?? the music is surprisingly atmospheric. In case you don't have enough of this stuff, there are a lot of creatures that run on mutated rats, like the Italian movie "Rats: Night of Terror", the modest cult movie of the '70s "Willard" and his sequel blades "Ben", the 2003 remake "Willard" starring Crispin Glover and the amazing good rape movies of famous directors Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). Go out of your mind!
