After browsing the Internet, I found the "Homefront" series on DVD at ioffer.com. Before anyone got excited, the DVD set I received was burned by an amateur from home tapes recorded by their TV 15 years ago. The resolution and quality are poor. The images look like you would expect the old re-recorded video to be visible. Even if the commercials have been eliminated, the credits of each episode still have voice over announcements for the segway in the ABC news program "Nightline", complete with the most important titles of the early 90s. Even with the poor image quality, the shows were visible and the sound quality was fine. <br /> <br /> The merit of this show was almost perfect. Everyone was credible and really seemed to be the part. Their acting was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is particularly appreciated by Kyle Chandler (recently seen in the 2005 remake of King Kong). The period costumes were as authentic as the sets were, especially the 1940s kitchens with vintage appliances and decorations. The direction was also creative and different for a television program at that time. For example, conversations between characters have sometimes been intersected with conversations on the same subject among other characters in different scenes. The dialogue of the different conversations was kept fluid despite the cut back and the fourth between the different characters and positions. This requires good direction and assembly and in this case it worked. <br /> <br /> As I started watching this series again, I suddenly remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a refined show, the plots and textures are disappointing and confusing from the beginning. First, the very name of the show is totally misleading. When the Second World War ended in 1945, there were no more fighting, so obviously there was no longer even a "home". Curiously, the first episode of the show "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the end of the war. It's like shooting the first episode of "Gilligan's Island" showing the survivors being rescued. The entire premise of the show's namesake is completely lost. I kept hoping with the possibility that the rest of the series was a flashback but no, the whole show takes place from 1946 to 1948. Furthermore, this series fails miserably in any attempt to accurately portray any historical event of the late 1940s . With the third episode, it becomes obvious that this series was nothing more than a thinly veiled vehicle for an extreme left-wing political agenda. The show is set in River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the issue of ongoing racism shows that it looks more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the cast are Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr. who portray the Davis family. Much of the series shows the Davis family discriminated against by the wicked "whites" to the point of being ridiculous and totally absurd if not ridiculous. The card of racism has been played and interpreted by Hollywood for over 40 years. We have it. We are also tired of suffocating our noses every day. The topic of racism is also unpopular with the spectators and is the kiss of death for any show, as it was for "Homefront". The acting talents of Williams, Winston and Macer have been wasted in their stereotyped roles of "frightened / angry black family". The wildly exaggerated racism in this series makes it seem that everyone in Ohio was a member of the KKK or something. The problem of racism may have been addressed in this episode in a single episode with a simple punch in the nose or in the punching fight in which a bigot gets a deserved beat, and lets it go. Dedicating an important part of the series to the issue of racism really becomes very fast and is simply stupid. <br /> <br /> In another still ludicrous storyline, the great head of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is portrayed as an Ebenezer Scrooge character who opposes pensions and raises and doesn't bother to drip acid on its employees. The workers rebel and take over the factory with a clear pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series has great potential. Writers could have easily placed the timeline in 1941 ?? 1945 as the title suggests and shows the difficulties of food and gas rationing and the 14-hour work in war factories. Obviously the loss of brothers and sons and husbands fighting overseas would also add drama. The situation was also perfect for writing special guest stars such as military personnel or OSUs who passed through their city during training or en route to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities of good narrative lines and plots are endless. But no, the authors of Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) have completely ignored any relevant or interesting plot. Instead, they completely lost the point and lost themselves in a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and left-wing politics. It would be unfair for the actors to condemn the entire series, but the plots and situations in which they were placed are total garbage.
