After reviewing the vast amount of comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of cinema enthusiasts. There are those who are well read, extremely educated and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know at what heights they can reach in the hands of a gifted author. For many years science fiction languished in the basements of literature. Considered my most critical to be little more than stories of ray guns and aliens designed for pre-pubescent teenagers. Today's well-informed fans know this story well and know the great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of that cellar. In this way they have created stimulating thoughts, intelligent stories that have widened the boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans are critical of everything that Hollywood launches at them. They are not critical for their own sake, but they look at each offer with a skeptical eye. (How they should be, as the Hollywood record was less than stellar.) For these fans, the story must take on the utmost importance. They cannot be deceived by a showy computer graphics and non-stop sequences of actions. When the emperor has no clothes, they scream louder. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction film lover has little knowledge of the written aspect of the genre. (See many of the comments above stating "Well, I haven't read the book or anything else about this author ...) Their total exposure to science fiction comes from the movies or the Scifi channel. They are extremely uncritical, willing to overlook huge holes in the plot , weak premises and subtle narrative lines if they receive a good deal of wiz bang action and fantastic special effects They are, in effect, willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had them!) As for the duration of the film, Case in question, I Robot, although presumably based on the stories of Asimov and named after one of his novels, contains little of what Asimov wrote and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our creations robotic (those of you that will run out and buy I, Robot will be very surprised - this movie is not even based on that story!) <br /> <br /> The film has huge holes in the plot, which in some places are extended at the limits of credulity, I will not indicate them the spoon does not feed you. You have to put your thinking skills into practice and discover them for yourself. The characters, named after many of Asimov's characters, do not possess the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his stories. The plot itself with all its action sequences goes against everything the author represented. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems using their minds, not their fists, is vital to understanding his vision of the future. In short, apart from the name, theirs is very little about Isaac in everything related to this film. There will always be the uncritical ones (that is to say unreflecting) who will declare: "The film must not be like the book. Because of the medium, the films sometimes require changes to be made". But what about a case where the film never tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if all they got from the written work was the title? This raises the question: why obfuscate a large number of jobs by slapping her title on your piece of shit? Save money and don't buy work rights. Entries something else Don't use character names. Believe me, nobody will accuse you of plagiarism. In reality it does not matter what the untold charlatan title that accepts everything that gets thrown at him. But it will upset those who read, think, that they are not willing to simply let you give them a rather light show. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, like much of the way in which Hollywood plays the genre, pushes science fiction back into that basement that lived years ago. Hollywood couldn't do it alone. It takes an uncritical and unscrupulous audience that will accept a childish drunera like this.
