Yes, Kazaam is one of those horribly ugly films that reminds almost everything that is wrong with children's films, but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a genius of rap - yes, a genius of RAPPING - in which he does everything from making bad word games to dressing up in ridiculous clothes, all ending up in him in a Christlike pose with a lot of light surrounding him . So, expect really cheap pieces, including the first desire to be a lot of junk food falling from the sky (and, unfortunately, not having eliminated the two main characters, especially the child). What one might not expect is that a movie with a guy and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy! The main plot of the film involves this guy, played in that way too typical and annoying as a kid of the great-grandson of Frank Capra (where the boy is screaming his dialogue with anger), who comes across a genius who was trapped in a boom -box. Then "hiarity follows" as the boy makes Shaq-genie his quasi-slave as he waits for his last two wishes as he tries to make amends with his absent father of shady group. <br /> <br /> This is the story of the son and the father that is really sweet and artificial would be quite negative, as there are a few sentences pronounced in a million other films (ie the "two possibilities in life" of speaking of a father in son). But it is Shaquille O'Neill who is both the reason to watch the film (ironically) and the obvious crux of it all. His plot involves him, when he does not receive the too discursive treatment from Capra, to do rap within the dialogue and also begins his recording career. Besides that, he also kicks his ass and takes the names of the main bad guys who want him back in the boom box. So is there a field factor for the film? Up to a certain point, but this is even crushed by all the soft scenes and moments "felt by the heart" that really have no connection with the rest of the material. One might wonder if the people who make the film, who obviously did it because of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go on Michael Jordan's acting chariot, if it would be almost funny or convincing. I hope that they also know that they have just been paid. But I hope even more that we felt at least a little bit of guilt for having fed the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So if you want to have a fun night of Shaq as a genius-become-rapper who has turned the nuisance, so much more fun for you. Hell, it could also be interesting to have a Shaq movie night with this and his other critically acclaimed effort, Steel. But if you're hoping to keep some brain cells, stay away from what is most likely the worst movie of 1996, and a candidate among many for the worst of the 90s.
