Reviewing KAZAAM and saying it's a bad movie is not at all difficult - after all, the critics left the moment when they came out, excusing this movie - saying it was among the worst films of the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or that someone else says it's bad isn't a surprise. It's like someone talking about World War II - practically no one says it was GOOD, right ?! The question I have and no place on IMDb can answer is "why did they do this in the first place ?!". After all, it is obvious to anyone who is not seriously injured in the brain that the film would be horrible. But, movies like ED (a chimpanzee playing baseball), COOL AS ICE (starring the ever-popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (which doesn't even have trolls in it), BABY GENIUSES (kids of superheroes similar to Einstain) and PINOCCHIO IN EXTERNAL SPACE (huh!?!) Show that any idea, no matter how stupid, can reach the big screen! So the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the time who plays the genius of a hateful bad boy definitely seems "normal"! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a boy who is rather jerky who types the lockers in the school corridor. Like the FREE WILLY punk, this guy is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is, by the end of the film he will have learned something and developed. Only once, I want to see a punk guy like this end up in prison or dead at the end of the movie! Finally, while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of punching him, the genius Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. But the child does not believe him And the magic of genius seems a little rusty. Eventually the brat realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he refuses to satisfy his desires so, meanwhile, Kazaam is forced to follow him everywhere - like his personal servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the film, Max and Kazaam will have become companions throughout their lives and a lot of tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will have come to terms with his absent father and Mom's boyfriend (I'm about to joke). Apparently this genius is a bit of a social worker as well as being a granter of desires. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks rhyming through much of the film and also takes a break to rap ... very badly. I'm a middle-aged white guy and I think I could probably rap at least as well! He's an amazing basketball player and I heard he's a good guy - but a rapper ... no! As for acting, he wasn't exceptional but he had such a beautiful personality in the film that it's hard to hate him, even though they made him do a lot of very stupid things. <br /> <br /> So is the film terribly terrible like you've probably heard? through the first two thirds of the film, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to do his best with an unlikely child and a bad script. However, later in the film, the villain becomes horrible - since Kazaam seems too preoccupied with himself to help the child when he really needs it. And, out of nowhere, the plot gets really, really weird - since the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be an evil gangster! And strangely, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the last part of the film is composed of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the baby was annoying, but this should be a children's movie !! What part of 'trying to kill the child' does the authors not understand?!? Then, in a final that makes this film perhaps the worst child that ends with the story, Kazaam becomes god or something and it was all like a drug-induced hallucination! This ending was even more stupid and weirder than the one in THE BLACK HOLE ... and boy, it hurt my brain !! Uggghh - the horrible dialogue was too much to bear !!! <br /> <br /> Overall, it is a terrible film that is mainly due to writers who witnessed certainty. Yes, people, with a messy message, bizarre material not suitable for children and horrible characters, this is an unfortunate film. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it is difficult to imagine that the final product is getting worse !! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a genius in a modern film that is good, try the British have made for the TV movie "Bernard and the Genie" - a fascinating and extraordinarily well-written film from the beginning at the end.
