This 1996 movie was the first Jane Eyre adaptation I have ever seen and when I did I was shocked. Much of the novel had been left out and I considered William Hurt terribly miscible as Rochester. Since then I have seen all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three mini-series of '73, '83 and 2006, and I noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse than the Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the most refined adaptation of Jane Eyre with regard to cinematography. The director Franco Zerifferelli delights in splendid long strokes of snow falling from a winter sky, of lonely Rochester standing on a rock, and of Jane looking out the window - but he is less good at telling a story and giving life to the characters. Furthermore, his script merely scratches the surface of the novel, leaving out many important scenes. As a result the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately does not even include the humorous side of their sexual relationship. There are a series of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of which is beautifully staged, but the pairs of phrases exchanged are not enough to show the public that they are attracted to each other. We know they should fall in love, but we never see that really happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to discover Jane's reaction to his dilemma by placing his case in a hypothetical form in front of her after the wounded Mason left the house has completely disappeared, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax - of the novel is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake other writers have made by substituting their poor writing for the superb lines of Brontë, nor the completely changed and rewritten crucial scenes, but makes the least offensive but in the end an equally big mistake to simply leave many important scenes out . What remains is only a glimpse of the novel, which does not do justice to Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mixed bag: Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs. Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more rude, pouts at Lolita than a lonely child, eager for love. The honest and trustworthy Joan Plowright makes Mrs. Fairfaix very nice, but too shrewd, and one cannot help but think that Billie Whitelaw must play the village witch instead of Grace Poole, who is simple and laborious. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult heroine, however, is physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. Seeming 18, thin and fragile, with irregular and strong features, it comes closer to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in that role. And during the first 15 minutes of his time on the screen I was enchanted by his performance. Gainsbourgh manages to let the public guess the inner fire and the strong will that are hidden behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately the script never allows her to further expand the more passionate and lively side of Jane's character. As a result of leaving out so many scenes and shortening so much of the dialogues, Jane's portrait of Gainsbourgh must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory. It's a shame, because with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been a Jane like Zelah Clarke in the '83 version. <br /> <br /> But while it is still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there is no sign of Rochester in the character who plays William Hurt. Hurt, who proved to be a good actor on many good films, had to be aware that he was physically and typically so skeptical that he didn't even try to play the novel's Rochester. His Rochester, besides being blond and blue-eyed, is a gentle, polite, shy and silent noble, a little strange and eccentric, but basically good-natured and mild. It is so far from being irascible, moody and dark that the lines that refer to these traits of his character seem absolutely ridiculous. Also, during many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression lets him wonder if he is fighting acute attacks of sleeping sickness. Particularly in the scene of the proposal he makes a grimace like a patient who calls himself a general anesthetic and can barely keep his eyes open. If you compare your Rochester with the volitive and fascinating protagonist of the novel, simply bursting with energy and temperament, it's no wonder that many viewers are disappointed with Hurt's performance. However, it offends me less than the Rochesters in the versions of the 70s, 97s and 2006 and in general I would classify Jane Eyre higher than these three others. Obviously Hurt had the intelligence to recognize that he couldn't be the Rochester of the novel and therefore he didn't try to do it, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could do it, but they failed miserably, and I'd rather watch a different character from Rochester compared to a Rochester who is badly played. And I'd rather watch a Jane Eyre movie that leaves out many lines of the novel but doesn't invent new ones compared to a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound like they could be spoken by a couple today in a Starbucks coffee. Certainly this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it is harmless, which is more than can be said of the adaptations of '97 and 2006. Therefore I do not desist anyone to look at this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a film well done.
