... and you can look at this statement in several ways, among other things. First of all, it's a mess because of all the macabre and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination doesn't even come close to some of the scenes explicitly shown here. Entire parts of this film are simply sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and bring you close to throwing up your courage. Now I love horror movies and I'm very pro-violence, but I think it should lead somewhere !! Is it too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. The "film" contains four separate chapters connected by an enveloping plot. This results in an infinite number of tortures, murders and diseases only to find that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. Yet - it must be said - the basic idea of ​​the plot certainly has potential. It is a cannibalistic hypnotist who made a pact with the devil himself to take revenge and cause misery and death to all those involved in his trial. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so they should have focused on this a little more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie ever. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the entire production of this film was a mess. They didn't have much of a budget and they spent everything on fake blood and guts ... Tons !! The recitations are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effect besides makeup looks very amateurish (for example the attempt of a realistic car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to be detected anywhere ... not even an attempt to create one. <br /> <br /> Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With the presence of the death metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of filth .. get the link?) This film is obviously meant only for the eyes of twisted teenagers trying to be controversial. Troubled girls and boys who enjoy caring about their parents watching crap like this. And then people keep complaining that the amount of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this film can cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced or have an unstable mind. For any self-respecting horror fan, this film is an insult.
