Someone who was making this film, especially the director, spared a thought for the logic of the plot? These are not mere holes, but graves of the plot, which become ever deeper when we lose all sympathy for the protagonist and his situation. That is, if you are kind enough by a viewer to bravely ignore the fact for most of the film that the characters are either serving the grave plot, or boring and unpredictable. Or, in the case of the seemingly superfluous characters of Downey and Hannah. In reflecting on the reason for the film's existence on the Downey screen in the film, I decided that the director appreciated his character and unnecessarily increased his screen time (unlikley, since the director did not change anything else in the script) that he actually needed) or that his character would be sacrificed on the altar of the bad plot. I let you guess what it was supposed to be. <br /> <br /> I had to keep checking the DVD cover to confirm that this was really done by credible talents. I can't understand why Robert Altman would have accepted this assignment. He certainly has the power to choose and choose. In fact, I can't understand why anyone would accept this script, except for a debut director who was looking for experience. I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed money for his habit. I guess Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall only received a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation sounded intriguing. These are the only reasons I can see that would force good actors to take roles in this film. As for Robert Altman, much effort has been made to make the film fantastic. I realized I had noticed how he had framed a scene like this, or used the bright orange floating vests in another scene to draw the movements of the eye, or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood. I don't usually notice these things in the movies, since most of the films I care to watch until the end involve me for reasons of good story and interesting characters with understandable motivations. I saw this until the end only because a ridiculous element of optimism continued to look at the DVD cover and to be convinced that, due to the talent involved, there had to be a saving factor in this film. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I watch movies.
