I had read many positive things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so my expectations were always crushed. But they were crushed more than could be expected. The film would have been a decent film if I hadn't read the novel beforehand, which may have ruined it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason they changed the labor camp in Toulon to a ship full of slaves in jail. The scene of Bishop Myriel was fine. In fact, apart from the galleys, things survived until Fantine was fired. Because we don't want bad things to happen to a good woman, she doesn't cut her hair, she sells her teeth, or she becomes a prostitute. The worst he does is run into the mayor's office and spit in his face. Bamatabois is completely eliminated. Because you don't even have to talk about having children out of wedlock, Tholomyes is Fantine's late husband, rather than an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to recover Cosette per Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they come together happily, yet another change. Then comes the convent, which is a rather difficult scene to ruin. Fortunately, he was saved. After these three minutes of accuracy, however, the film begins to hit the Classic Novel Butchering again. <br /> <br /> While Cosette and Valjean cross the park, they meet Marius who gives a speech at a meeting. On prison reform. When he comes to deliver flyers to Valjean and Cosette, he says the first line of the movie that made me scream in front of the TV. "We are not revolutionaries". I could hear Victor Hugo stirring in his grave. COURSE ARE REVOLUTIONARY! They want to rebel against the pseudo-monarchy that is in favor of another republic, stupid writers! It is a historical fact that there was an uprising against the government in 1832. At one point, Cosette goes to give Marius a donation from his father for the reform movement and meets Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the Eponine of the book. This Eponine seems to be a wealthy secretary girl who works for prison reformers (who are working outside Cafe Universal compared to Cafe Musain). Not to mention the fact that the public has already been made to detest it thanks to its low-cut, close-fitting day dress and its snooty mannerisms. <br /> <br /> The prison reformers (led by the poorest cast of Enjolras I've ever seen) decide that distributing brochures is no longer good enough. Then they will build barricades. I don't know about you, but I've never heard of reform movements that destroy roads and build barricades and attack government troops. About three hundred people (it didn't have to be that many) attack the National Guard and build a bunch of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is fairly accurate, except that Javert's suicide seems again difficult to understand thanks to its tiny screen and the odd interpretation of the characters. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jump into the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never let Javert drown. He saved the life of man before, why let him die now? Then there is the whole leap of Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration, and his deathbed redemption with Marius and Cosette at his side. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can blame the script especially for the problems. While I'm glad that Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the film, they were terribly misunderstood, as was the entire barricade scene. The elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling too much compassion for her. That Cosette knows Valjean's past from the start messes up a lot with the plot. I didn't even see Thenardier and Madame. Thenardier had only a few seconds of screen time. The same with Gavroche. I really liked the interpretation of Frederich March of Valjean, which was one of the positive traits of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, despite his great acting in other films, seems to have lost the target with Javert. His lip trembled, the screams unnecessary and his acting in general felt only very mistaken. He too, like many Javerts I have seen, does not seem at all threatening, something required by the character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie would probably feel much better if you hadn't read the book. I wouldn't recommend booking purists, though. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation for the time when the notorious French version was released the previous year.
