When I tell people that I review films as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think of a film like this and so?" There are a couple of problems here. First, there is the possibility that I didn't see it and, therefore, ruin my reputation. Secondly, I could trash the movie in question without realizing that it is actually their favorite. Finally, I could get DVDs to watch so they can judge my opinion. So, I find myself sitting in front of "The Convent" which is the kind of movie I would completely ignore given the choice but which I can't avoid here. It's a shame, because this frankly horrible "horror" is as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> Following the well-worn clichés, "The Convent" focuses on a group of American high school students on a trip to a convent abandoned on a mission to be stoned, stretched out and slightly frightened. But will you never guess what will happen next? A group of demon-cannibal nuns emerges from the cobwebs that proceed to collect the children one by one in the tradition of classic horror cinema. Someone will survive and, more importantly, don't you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves "The Convent" from being a total waste of time is the fact that no one is taking this tosh seriously with the exception of the bizarre Coolio cameo as a hyperactive cop with an itchy finger trigger. It's too fun to be really scary - the zombie cheerleader who makes squirrel noises for no reason, the day's painting jobs that appear when you become a zombie - but what really kills him like a horror is the fact that you can tell immediately when someone is about to jump out and get messed up in a mess. But even if they were trying, I still doubt it would work - the demonic nuns wearing the kind of makeup you would see in the TV series "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" aren't all that scary. The most frightening thing about this film is that over 10% of voters gave it a maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I almost don't split sides. To be honest, I had more fun with a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more of a comic horror like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead" but you're laughing at it rather than with it. I honestly can't recommend it to anyone but the cast and crew family, but even then, I doubt they will have a great time. I don't like the "so bad it's good" genre - I personally think that if the filmmakers can't be bothered to save a turkey, then I shouldn't do without trying to watch it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should have gone home and done something more constructive. A Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD package has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it was sold for £ 1 and this should tell you everything you need to know about this poetic, cheap and incredibly bad movie. Sorry if you like it, but "The Convent" is really a bunch of crap.
