I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays the protagonist, Marvin Mange, in this film). He told us he wanted to emphasize the physical comedy so much that even if you turned the volume off, you'd reduce to this movie. Obviously this must be the secret. I had the volume turned up. Actually I was listening to this thing and I thought it was a disaster, and completely dishonest - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo." <br /> <br /> The story is stupid: Mange is the biggest loser who dreams of being a cop who is filled with a group of animal transplants after a car accident by a mad scientist named appropriately named Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and consequently begins to lose control of his "animal instincts". "This makes it a" supercop ". It can smell the drugs hidden in the body's cavities and beat the horses. Of course, it also has a bad habit of eating people's cows and trying to seduce their goats, but it's definitely a small price you just didn't do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The cast left a lot to be desired. Is there an actor more irritating than Hollywood than John McGinley? Sergeant plays here. commander of Mange on the police force, as a repulsive character of cartoons (very similar to his medical character in the inexplicably popular television series "Scrubs"). I was anxious to take a look at Colleen Haskell's first "serious" acting job (Anything in this film can be called "serious?") She, of course, earned her reputation as a competitor in the first "Survivor" and demonstrates here what we knew from this: she is as cute as a button. is that she has a distinguishable talent as an actress. And what happens to Ed Asner as police chief Wilson. I mean, how old is this guy now? It has the size of some of the cows that Mange tried to eat, and seemed completely breathless all the time. I'm surprised he managed to get past the shoot. There's a short cameo at the end of Adam Sandler (who was also executive producer of this). Anyway, I giggled twice: Mange playing with his squeaky toys in the police car, and the Schneider scene has with Haskell and the orangutan - the orang-utan has more talent as an actor! So for two laughs - 2/10.
