Disturbing. Schlocky. Simply terrible and terrible. Let's be honest, when you sit down to watch something called The Double-D Avenger you don't expect great works of art or mainstream entertainment. You are probably expecting a type of cult movie and you might look good on some awesome busts. You don't really get any of these in the video. The story, consistent with most of these types, is inane: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, discovers he has breast cancer, flies to South America for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for all ills and a super - donors of human abilities, returns and battles, dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club that wants to overcome the competition. As the stories go, I've seen a lot worse, but as another reviewer noted that the execution is horrendous. The action sequences lack zip, guidance, motivation and are very thin. The acting is not even properly campy and the dialogue is in the pits. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING is fun from shitty games to big boobs references. Everyone could be forgiven if the girls could fix it, but they all fall short. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are all rather old (still adorable in their own way), but they expose nothing and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: older and more attractive caricatures of their former selves. Instead, they seem so lame and desperate - more because of the vehicle they are "protagonists" rather than their abilities. There are other beautiful ladies, but you don't see much of anything. PG-13 could certainly be an appropriate assessment for this. The material, the actresses and the director are all tired, boring and dated - and again - NOT FUN! It was a brutal hour, besides sitting down, and it's a shame because I was expecting something campy and fun. By the way, the guy who played Bubba was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at all, but every time he opened his mouth I kept thinking about how horrible it was. The only bright spot here is to see Mr. Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, play the curator of a wax museum and chat with his affectionately Frankenstein wax called Frankie. Apart from that, it is a complete bust - now how is that for another word game tired, terrible, trivial!
