Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me great hopes. It seemed you had a cheaper version of the Mummy. The exhibition was promising, in the 1920s Cecil B. Demille realized his work of the Ten Commandments. It seems that using real Egyptian artifacts for the film set unleash an ancient and terrible evil (isn't it?). Aware of what had been unleashed, DeMille orders the whole set buried instead of the usual practice of cutting it down. We hope that evil is buried with it forever. Then we move on to the present day when a team is trying to dig the site (the first mistake of the film, but hey those period costumes are expensive and this is a film on the Sci-Fi channel). The first sightings of the Anubis monster are well made and it is a costume to which they have made some effort and not the usual CG type effect. Then the body count starts. This was the film went south for me. The reactions to the fact that people die in creepy and strange ways suffer a strange, subdued reaction. Once they realize that the ancient evil has been unleashed again and a murderous madness is unleashed, what is the problem of the stocks that the man and the woman carry? They make the usual stop at the "guy who knows the truth but never told anyone". After getting this vital information, do you share it with fellow students on the excavation site? No, they stop at a hotel for a refreshing shower and some pleasant conversation. I'm really not the most motivated person, but if you knew that an ancient Egyptian demon was on the loose and killed anyone in sight and that he would come looking for me, I would have put a little haste in my step to solve the problem . After this central section is too long and useless, it wanders to destroy the Anubis monster in the usual way, running in dune buggy and shooting with a rocket launcher while standing near a pile of phosphorus shells. For a science fiction movie it was above the usual shit they put out, which doesn't mean much. What disappoints me is that it could have been a lot more if someone had written a decent script for this.
