This is a really bad film, with bad acting and a really boring rhythm, Lorenzo Lamas is really cool! All the characters are just annoying (except Lamas), and there is absolutely no one to root or cure! Furthermore, the action is very boring. The film gives us 3 villains that should have been threatening and disturbing when in reality there were boring, ridiculous and just a group of idiots who wanted to shut up! Plus it looks very cheap and amateur! Lorenzo Lamas has a lot of charisma but he can't save this piece of shit, and believing it or not opening it was really nice, as was the ending, however the medium is incredibly boring, and made me have the impulse to press the fast forward button!, plus Dialogue is particularly ridiculous! There is a trendy bar scene that I liked a lot, but once Lamas goes to the dock everything breaks up, besides the scene where the bad guys torture Jennifer's family, and kills them they had to find it disturbing when in reality is ridiculous! This is a really bad film, with a bad acting and a very boring rhythm, Lorenzo Lamas is really cool though! However, it is not enough, not recommended. The management is very bad. George Erschbamer does a very bad job here, with a mediocre photographic work, a bland position and keeping the film at a boring pace. The acting is rather ugly (except for the llamas). Lorenzo Lamas is fantastic here, and even if he is not obliged to act, it is quite fun to watch, he has a really nice character and he has a lot of charisma, but even he can't save this, and he even has chemistry with the cast! (Rules of Lamas!). Josie Bell is terrible here, and while she is decent, she is not very convincing and had no problems with Lamas. Cheryl Jeans is hot, but it doesn't have much to do but scream and scare, it was good for it. Robert Scott is incredibly annoying as the main villain, and he was not at all threatening, it was as ridiculous as the other two were. The rest of the cast is bad. Overall Avoid! Avoid! Even if you like llamas (like me). * out of 5
