I'm a film student, and I've been for several years. And the concept of cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimp asked me: "Is this the film that is going to break the mold?" Let's face it, America has never been disappointed by any piece of cinema that features a simian costar. After great classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Check In", I thought the best ideas had already been taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I thought of suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I have read of the possession of demons in the Bible, but this does not yet explain why anyone can create such a product of evil. First of all, having at least a bit of intelligence, I realized that a chimp was actually a monkey, not a monkey. However, I was sure that the directors would have further clarified this problem in the film. They didn't. Allow me to summarize this work of art: a company with the name of Z.I.T. decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mention something about the soldiers who work for bananas, but when it would cost about $ 13 million in government money to train a chimpanzee, that doesn't seem convenient. Well anyway, Z.I.T. brings a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. hoped that. It can take a whole shift of guards, who seem to have acquired their training skills in the local mall, and yet still manage to remind us that we are watching a children's movie. As you may have guessed, Modine discovers that the intentions of Z.I.T. they can be evil (Gasp!) And he decides to let Clemens out. Being a CIA agent and all, Modine knows that the best way to make himself disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, make regular appearances on television while fighting crime and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine is and sends two of its best to retrieve it. Were these guards the biggest comic team since Martin and Lewis, or were they Turner and Hooch? It doesn't matter anyway, because in the end, for a surprise ending, the good guys win !!! Yay! Hooray for predictability! Throw a nerdy child who learns to be himself, a lone mother who needs an appointment, and musical montages that feature songs that would even be obscured by Radio Disney and have "Funky Monkey". The highlight of the film? A soccer match! Played by thugs, bumblers, a chimp and the nerdy boy. No one seems to care about such substitutions in a high school football game. <br /> <br /> The funky monkey never lets itself go! It's the entertainment on the edge of your seat. Some might even call this "American beauty" features full of monkeys. After finishing this epic, I remembered hearing a story about a railroad worker who lost many of his brain functions when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal rod between movies.
