I saw it a few days ago, so the details are getting confused. The film was shot with hand-held cameras, and much was done at the time it was originally released, since we hadn't done many studio photos done this way. I can't help but think that it was more of a gimmick than anything else, designed to make the public believe that what we're seeing on the screen didn't have all the compromises that come with a big budget, and so it was more "real" "However, what we have here is not much more than a bad rip-off of the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen that, or any of the other scrubs there, will know what. The main problem I had was the stereotyped characters, with the soft and greedy kids out of their depth, the close song of harmony, the Ebonics who sketch the black guys, the tired sergeants of the world, the bitter and twisted psychopaths etc. etc. .. everything is put in situations that could provide maximum friction and tension at any given time.Perhaps this was intentional to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, perhaps it was laziness, or maybe it was just a comm issione that tried to attract the largest audience, all I know is that it was annoying. A new thing was the mixture of volunteers and disciples (where normally all the characters would have been forced to enter the situation), even if only the scenes between the two main characters really make a lot of play. This seems to be the main pivot of the plot, with the volunteers returning to themselves and the dishonest ones acquiring a sense of duty and of the value of themselves, but everything is done in a rather forced and indecisive way. The other big mistake I had was the way in which all the characters (except for the psychopaths and the real softies) would react to any inevitable conflict with the first assaults and threats of violence, in front of the omnipresent Farrell stoicism , immediately back and be all reasonable and diplomatic. I imagine that if I had to find an advantage it would be the acting of the two protagonists, which was strong and very convincing, considering the ant nature of the characters, this wasn't too difficult. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz has grown to become Zeke of Tour of Duty and, for my money, 4 episodes would have been more fun to watch.
