* Warning - no plot spoilers, but nevertheless the movie spoiler ... * My significant other rented it thinking it would be a terrific love story with a cast of famous actors. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is an exaggerated, exaggerated and excessively sentimental excuse to theatrically release a film for students 15 years after its realization! The copyright date on the box said that in 2005, during the very first flashback sequence, I was looking at the clothes and hairstyles that should have been from the early 1960s and I noticed that the girls in particular wore dresses and hairstyles from the 80s / early 90s. It looked like it had been shot 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to realize that it was a flashback, so I had to look old, but it seemed like WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more 80s or 60s or even the 21st century trying to be from the 60s ... then an adult collaborator character protagonist introduces himself, and he seems just like the boy present in the flashback sequences (but he is a different character, much older, whose youth appears in the flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw the special features included in the short film - they were all flashback sequences, shot in 1990 as a complete student film with the same title as this movie! It also includes comments that include the grown up boy (and who actually plays the collaborator in the 2005 scenes). So, this film is just a shell of history woven around an old clipped student film put together as an obvious excuse to get to theatrical performance time. The history of the shell, taken in 2005, mainly refers to a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in the dance class he promises to a dying person who will take his place (something about a promise made by the dying man in the first 60s to his girlfriend they would meet on "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to turn the segments around the old movie in 2005?" These new scenes and plot could have been OK except the terrible, overly sentimental score that repeats itself to the point of nausea on almost every single new scene and the cliché action that permeates the new movie. Don't worry, there's a reason why you've never heard of this movie even though it has a cast well known - it's terrible.
