When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel, I was enchanted. Being a fan of the book, I thought he would play Tony, Roz or Charis, but all the more I was intrigued to see how they would turn this very head-y, almost psychological (but not psychological) novel into a movie that would be accessible to those who had not read the novel, and who would have been at least moderately satisfactory to those who had done so. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used the 3 different narratives that lead to the development of the story in a film. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and confusing problem is: because Oxygen, a network that advertises for women, makes an incredible book about how complex, wonderful and terrible women are and can be, and changes the protagonist from 3 women to an old policeman without a real reason to get involved in the story? It seems that whoever adapted it took an easy way out using this guy to ask Roz, Tony and Charis to know how they met Zenia and, in doing so, they rushed through most of the book. In this way, however, they have tarnished the plot and cut everything that is beautiful about the characters it contains, as well as making it so the public had no one to believe in. In the film, these women are not people, they are characters. <br /> <br /> In the book Zenia pretends his death, but the book mentions it to get this point, while the film spends 30-45 minutes concentrated on this ex-cop who was running and doing nothing useful. They tried to make this complex book an episode of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was SO wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even a type of Rossella Johnasson. It is a woman that men cannot but worship, and a woman that women are intrigued and threatened by, but in a way "to keep enemies closer". And once he gets close, he looks totally genuine and trusts himself, despite your best judgment. She is the kind of woman who, even when she loses, wins: she is always beautiful, still rich and there are always people who do not know her game. <br /> <br /> In the film, Zenia did not take the man from Charis (the blond American shooter who was using Charis in the first place ...) but instead took August and tried to become his legal guardian (and apparently he returned to being his lesbian lover as a persistent kiss at the cafeteria implies). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving with August, but it made no sense since all the accumulations had been removed. It was as if anyone writing the script was grabbing the straws to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I think that if I hadn't read the book, I would have spent the whole film confused, if I had taken the trouble to attach it to E Roz's husband had died before Zenia entered the picture (odd thing since Zenia took Roz's business and family life into the book, which is why Roz hated her so much) and she and Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's husband years and years ago. And according to the film, Tony and West went out forever ... even at the party where Zenia and West (in the book) had painted the whole place in black and made Tony look so totally with him (and wicked, asshole) person which has always been respected by all for its intelligence and popular for this. Tony's character was SO wrong with this movie ... he looked a bit crazy and like the mind behind any conspiracy was going down compared to the kind of awkward and vaguely reclusive teacher she was in the book. The film basically implied that intelligent women are evil, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are bad and women who teach yoga are out of their swings. <br /> <br /> Basically they tried to make Zenia not necessarily terrible as it was in the book, and then, in the end, the three women convince this former policeman (who, obviously in the process of searching for this, meets Zenia and has a relationship with her that should end with them moving to Barbados or something ridiculous, which of course Zenia buggers on) to hide Zenia's body (which they found smashed in the hotel where she was staying, but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony, or they conspired together to do it ...) and then Zenia even managed to get all of Roz's money in the process. Towards the end of the film I only paid attention halfway between the b / c spots and went so far into space from what it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you are not confused by this breaking of the film, then maybe you would like it, because I read the book and saw the film, and from the movie I am ridiculously confused. It was terrible. I realized that making a film with that book is a nice task, but if you're going to take on the task, you should start determining what isn't necessary in the book, instead of creating some useless character to be our Alice in the land of wonders. <br /> <br /> Aren't there really fluffy books that Oxygen could make at least a half series of TV movies?
