And I repeat, please don't watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst, simplest comedy ever made. At least with most recent comedies nowadays, gags are rough and flat, but writers and directors have made at least some sort of effort to make them fun. I never tire of repeating one of my favorite slogans: everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent are right. Comedy is hard! This is not a genre with which any fool can play. I think it's atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of trash to "Kentucky Fried Movie". Basically, these bozos are confronting their so-called comedic talents with those of the genius Jim Abrahams and the Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie". Here is an example of the comedy for those curious to see this film: a sketch involves a superhero dressed as a penis called D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by spraying them with sperm. That's all. This is the whole joke. Wow. This is enough to make Carrot Top's eyes roll. Another sketch is about a man having sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a beauty contest with a women's handbag, in which we are exposed to the horrible images of middle-aged women in bikini dresses, with beer guts and stretch marks. Furthermore, teasing the homeless is more sad than funny. It is a step away from making fun of the mentally handicapped. The whole film should be a satire. I think the directors have forgotten that a key element of satire ... is the TRUTH !!! For anyone who has enjoyed this crap, tell me what is true about ANY of these gags! Some of the sketches might sound fun on paper, but anyone who has taken screen lessons knows that if a visual gag sounds too funny on paper, it probably won't be fun on the screen. If I tell anybody about a big black and muscular gay virgin who is saving himself for the right man, he'd probably laugh. But observing the premises shown on the screen for about 10 minutes is a real turning point. I hate the way every time people criticize a low-key comedy like this to be funny, they are considered confused squares. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. This is another sober, politically incorrect comedy, but I laughed out loud. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that it's not funny! What writers and directors don't understand is that simply being dirty and insipid doesn't work. There must be more! Just think of the famous "There's Something About Mary" scene (ironically enough, the directors of Bozo put the Farrellys on their special list of thanks). The sperm joke wasn't just fun because it involved body fluids. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he didn't go out for a date with a "loaded gun". Then he looked around to see where all the sperm went after he was released. There is a knock on the door and he has to answer. His date, Mary, is at the door and at that moment it is revealed that the sperm is hanging on Ben's ear. In this film there are more gags involving characters who spray a lot of sperm at people, without any accumulation. As Jay Leno always says, "this comedy is not so simple, is it?" Keep this in mind, Vince Offer, because you haven't been cut off for this genre !! The only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel fashionable. Let's face it, nowadays it is fashionable to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know comedy is subjective ... but this film shouldn't be fun for anyone, except maybe the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the film must have been made before Michael Clarke Duncan's fame in such films as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber will volunteer to be part of this strange amateur show. All the other cast actors are non-actors, famous actors or movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces", but I don't think she has ever done anything of value since. Slash was probably addicted to this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star of the film (remembering that Duncan wasn't famous at the time) and there are probably still a lot of people who haven't heard of her - for good reason. Usually, I'm in favor of extremely cheap films, but this deserves to fall into darkness. I hope the Lord does not become a cult classic! Shouldn't there be a law against the distribution of crap like this?
