Anyone who visited the drive-ins in the 50s, 60s and 70s must have seen a movie or two from American International Pictures, a distributor that resembled the giant Cannon Films of the 1980s. Wherever the films ventured, AIP would have been there to provide the latest fashion titles - horror films such as "Voodoo Woman" and "The Undead" arrived in the 1950s; in the 1960s there were beach comedies by Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello and biker films like "The Glory Stompers"; and in the 1970s, AIP turned the garbage at the grindhouse level like "Cannibal Girls" and "Sugar Hill." <br /> <br /> "Dillinger", published in 1973, is one of AIP's most "intellectual" efforts that capture the true spirit of the drive-in movie; it is one of those disconnected and exaggerated gestures that satisfy the thirst for entertainment, craftsmanship and common sense. Overall, "Dillinger" is typical of his era: fun and worthy of a couple of hours, but certainly not memorable. Committed to action and to the historical and recitative fact, "Dillinger" was a great effort by screenwriter and director John Milius ("Magnum Force"), but certainly left room for improvement in his long career. <br /> <br /> The 109-minute Dillinger - epic for the reach of AIP - follows the search for FBI Midwest chief Melvin Purvis, played by Oscar-winning Ben Johnson. Purvis was the investigator who sought revenge for four FBI agents killed in a 1933 Kansas City ambush that helped gangster Frank Nash escape justice. Overall there were the men who allegedly planned that break, including the experienced bankrobber John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and the psychopathic Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Eventually Dillinger joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, bringing with him Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also befriended Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a French and Indian prostitute. While held for several months in 1933-4, "Dillinger" is basically a hunting film, with Purvis's entourage trying to shoot down and kill the men wanted by J. Edgar Hoover. <br /> <br /> 'Dillinger' has a documentary touch, listing dates and places while Johnson provides free fiction like Purvis. Milius maintains an honest aspect of the Depression, using fashion, cars, weapons and authentic buildings; he also spreads black and white photographs and footage of gangster shootings. The film is never boring, it moves at a fast pace, if random. The action scenes are Dillinger's strong point, competently edited by Fred Feitshans Jr in his latest professional effort. Thousands of empty bullets must have been used to make this film, to say nothing of pounds of explosives. This film is certainly not for the picky, with people being shot and dying everywhere. Violence, albeit free, leads to understanding the chaos that organized crime has thrown into American life. <br /> <br /> This film never transcends its exploitative status, however, because the necessary writing is not right there. John Milius, a little overrated as a director, places too much emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly bloodshed shootings) are impressive and comparable to any criminal movie of his era, including "Bonnie and Clyde" from 1967. But we simply don't know much about Dillinger and his gang members as people; the vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is barely touched, with the two meeting in a bar during a scene and letting themselves escape like lovers just ten minutes later. Even Melvin Purvis seems to wander in and out of the plot, becoming a prominent figure only when Milius needs to prevent the film from extricating itself. Too often, the film takes on a shooting character when its characters may have been explored in detail. Apart from this, the main crime of the painting is ignorance of historical facts. While many say that "Dillinger" is just a movie, they are films like this that create fairy tales and make them permanent. Those with a knowledge of gangster history will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his group to die, as Milius' script and the film's documentary style encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; he was also told not to carry a gun on the night of his death, nor did he have Billie Frechette in tow. Although these inaccuracies could lead to a high drama, there is no reason why Milius could not stay with the facts and write a great story around them. <br /> <br /> Denninger's performance as Dillinger is quite good, although he sometimes seems unconvincing. Oates is humorous and gracefully portrays how Dillinger was consummated by his greatest image of life in the American press; however, we never really feel the threat he invoked during his life. Ben Johnson gives life to Purvis, sweet but rather flat. Michelle Phillips brings emotion to the character of Billie Frechette and it's really a pity that Milius's script didn't enrich his relationship with Dillinger. We never learn what attracted her to a cold-blooded murderer, apart from the stereotype of an accommodating girl attracted to dangerous men. The secondary roles with Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis and Cloris Leachman, briefly in appearance, are acceptable for this talent. <br /> <br /> As a piece of exploitation from the 70s, "Dillinger" seems destined to retail, which is exactly the point where I took the MGM DVD release for $ 4.99. The film is well presented in widescreen format (a must for drive-in flashes) with subtitles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's theatrical trailer comes as an extra solitaire. Largely forgotten, except for fans of gangster films and drive-in enthusiasts, the film does not really require much more in terms of additional material. For fans of the genre, it's definitely worth a try. <br /> <br /> ** on 4 <br /> <br /> Roving Reviewer - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
