Demonstrate why Hollywood conventions are in place. Stale dialogues, underdeveloped and flat characters and a bumpy storyline are only part of the problems with this aspiring classic gangster. An attempt to be bold and different but this seems to be an attempt together to recreate the magic of the Bonnie and Clyde by Arthur Penn (1967) and Butch Cassidy by George Roy Hill and the Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative directors and films - but falling well below the level. The problems with the plots that are self-explanatory explain the need for a voiceover to explain the problem sections. The change appears again as an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but is sometimes disjointed and causes more technical problems. Unnecessary shots are thrown to justify the shooting, but it would be better to serve the spectator by sitting on the floor of the cutting room. Stills, monochrome montages and vintage music are launched from time to time in attempts to be different or to cover scenes that cannot pass well or to replace scenes that simply have not worked at all and are again reminiscent of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969). <br /> <br /> Excessively dramatic breaks between sentences, random shots of surrounding scenarios that were not necessary for the narration, more exaggerated recitation of mixed actors and secondary actors, reminded the camcorder directors of the late 80s - I wondered who he was the person responsible for this film during production and during post-production. The reproduction of music in most of the two shots and close-ups and then suddenly stopping in wide shots has excessively emphasized a weak musical score. The sound editing was drastically evident since most of the film consisted of gunshots, doors, steps and dialogues (a style used between the late 1960s and the mid-1970s by new directors) but lacking in background noises that made it seem artificial - especially the tire crunches on dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no "nice" characters for the audience to address, nor were we led to see them as the protagonists of the story. Neither the gangsters nor the men of law were characters I wanted to see win and neither was focused on being a hero, a necessity for any story to work for me. We know from the films of Penn's and Hill that they are the "heroes". Even if they are criminals, we like them and want to see them escape. I could care less about who was on screen in this movie. I had the impression that John Milius was trying to distribute an inaccurate historical re-enactment documentary of the events surrounding the life of John Dillenger from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be honest, there are some moments of good solid storytelling, which are moments that shine brightly from the dark and gloomy container in which this film is found. Fortunately, John Milius is improving in future films where he doesn't seem to be trying to "copy" other directors. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste as many famous stars and faces who were at the peak of the explosion are involved with this "big budget" directorial debut, but wait on a classic movie channel rather than spending money on rent or buy . <br /> <br />
