Once again I saw a film made by people who know nothing. I just reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and I had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is rubbish. I don't know how anyone in their right mind can compare him to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from a classic. Someone called it brilliant. This is an absurd thing to say. This film is not able to clarify the facts and has the worst cast I've ever seen. I don't know whose stupid idea was to hire Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all it doesn't look like him. Secondly, when John Dillinger was killed he was 31 years old. When Oates did this, he was 45! You could also say that he is older than the real Dillinger just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but so was Ben Johnson like Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> Shows the death of Baby Face Nelson, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both. The last to die among the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only do writers not know when they died, but they also don't know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping from Little Bohemia in a robe. Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with firearms. Homer Van Meter was cornered by the St. Paul police and killed with machine guns. Another member of Dillinger's band, Harry Pierpont is shown fired by the police in this film. Pierpont was not fired. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair. I go into what happened to Baby Face Nelson on my Baby Face Nelson review so I won't be back. I would also like to add that Richard Dreyfuss's portrait of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene in which he attacks Dillinger and then suffers a nasty blow. While Dillinger beat him he cried like a child and screamed "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger have never fought. Maybe Dillinger didn't agree with Nelson's bank robbery methods, but they never fought. Even Nelson never cried like a child while being beaten. They continue to call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never in his life known by that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black boy who escaped from prison with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I could probably make a better film than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed that John Dillinger dies is outrageous and unforgivable. The film shows Dillinger exiting the Biograph with the Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette wasn't even there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis screams "Johnny!" Dillinger pulls out his gun and is swept away to hell. It is a proven fact that Dillinger did not have a gun that night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight they wiped him out. They didn't even have to shoot him. They were so close that dust burns had been found on his face. It was a murder. They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger. After killing tons of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine the FBI reporting having just killed another innocent unarmed man? The gun they had on display that was allegedly on Dillinger was also proven not to have been manufactured until after Dillinger's death. I could go on and on how the man they killed wasn't John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you want to know more, take a look here <br /> <br /> See Dillinger's version with Lawrence Tierney if you want, but don't waste time with this piece of inaccurate garbage movie.
