First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" in the video box, you know what you're having fun with. B movie mania! If you're actually expecting to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe", then forget about it and go directly to the excellent series of Poe's Roger Corman films from the 1960s. This is pure and genuine sleaze (with just a pawn attempt on a plot similar to "The Sepature Burial"), complete with lots of R-rated sex, ready for video and nudity. However, it is certainly fun and funny in a slippery way ... <br /> <br /> Brinke (who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays the rich housewife, traumatized and sleepless, Victoria Monroe, whose fear to be prematurely buried comes from his belief that the same fate happened to his father (Hoke Howell). Her worthless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has amassed a serious gambling debt (due to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with the help of his blond and captivating European secretary sexpot Lisa (Delia Sheppard) plots to end Brinke for his money. The actress named Karen Black falls for a short time wearing a blonde wig as a hypnotist (she's too talented to play an insignificant role like this), 50s science fiction / horror star Robert Clarke plays a doctor and a friend of family and Michael Berryman for a decent nightmare sequence that performs an autopsy on a Vicki still alive. Jan-Michael Vincent mostly finds himself outside a house with his car and makes awkward eyes as Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The plot of the kill-a-spouse-for-the-inheritance has been done millions of times before, the ending is a laugh of involuntary laughter (which ends with a direct rip-off of the Zuni Fetish segment Doll in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and whoever created the horrible stabbed face and the decapitated head FX for this version needs to hone their skills a bit. Brinke does a decent job making his character a little sympathetic, but the biggest surprise of all is how good the former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in his role. He stole every scene he was in and he easily gave the prominent performance here.
