David Mackenzie's sequel to the brilliant Young Adam is meant to be a pretty loser story of a solitary voyeur who is trying to tackle some psychosexual problems with his dead mother. It wants to be gritty, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be fun and non-judgmental of his disturbed role as he establishes himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To achieve this, the film strives to be young. His poster has hand-drawn letters that resemble those of Juno. His original soundtrack includes a fast-paced indie rock that tries to convince the audience that Hallam is doing well; just a little misled. But strangely the film is anything but young. <br /> <br /> Like Young Adam, the central mystery of this film concerns a drowned woman, in this case Hallam's mother. The young Adam maintains his silent, contemplative and trampled mystery well enough to strike you with truths as they come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It puts the character's psychosis in the foreground so clearly and so early that it never does anything really out of its expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his treehouse watching his sister play with her boyfriend. Hallam quickly interrupts, affirming his presence at home. Here we see all that Hallam will do for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery surrounding his mother's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father's girlfriend. The public can never really trust Hallam because, besides being disturbing, we think his obsession has brought him close to madness. This has hindered the mysterious element for me because Hallam is too sporadic to be recognizable. Just when he found some clues that support his claim, he runs away from home, at first he seems to be looking for the police. Then he becomes extremely misguided by a girl who looks like his mother, which frustrates the story away from the mysterious element. <br /> <br /> While Jamie Bell brings out very captivating traits in his lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This film is in no way mysterious, yet it is not even blunt. Try to be realistic in dealing with these problems, but add a dose of self-awareness that is recorded as the opposite. It is a Trainspotting heavy-soundtrack attitude to help the public root a protagonist who resizes buildings, collects locks and camps for voyeurism. These urban adventures of Peeping Tom Hallam are too difficult to involve an inner country boy and are not sexy, dazed or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything else; don't push the character or the story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam, yet he can't build a common ground. It waits for you to enjoy the trials and tribulations of Hallam without much ideological justification. The film is based on the public's perspective on voyeurism / the kind of person who engages in it. Obviously, most people would be disgusted by it. And Hallam Foe understands it, but he doesn't let us see Hallam weigh the morality of his decisions. It goes from person to person, trying to fill his deep emptiness. There is a particularly disturbing line in Hallam's love interest, Kate, in which she, drunk, says "I love creepy boys", perhaps asking the public to do the same. The line tries to prefigure his understanding of him (his motivation remains vague for everything) and tries to distance us from judging him. It is not as difficult as Hallam, but it is very difficult to participate in his adventure, if it is even an adventure. All the while, the film tries to use its gorgeous soundtrack to mask its undecided mood. <br /> <br /> The great performances are weighed down by a film with a weak third act, muddy development and unnecessarily ambiguous direction by Mackenzie. Recently this film was renamed to an American version, and why? Not only is it more unpleasant, but the harsh truth is that Hallam's character never earns the title of "lord".
