What about Dahmer's childhood? - The double hernia operation that is believed to have triggered his obsession with the inner workings of the human body? What about "infinity land"? - The game he invented as a child and that involved the men of the club who were annihilated when they approached each other, suggesting that intimacy was the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between his parents and his mother's emotional problems that were much more important than just having a relationship with his father? His feelings of abandonment when his brother was born? And his fascination with insects and animals? How would he dissect the roadkill and hang it in the woods behind his house? And what more would you say about his cannibalism? And the divorce of his parents? These are all things that should have been included in the film. Instead the director chose to give us a "snapshot" watered down for a night or two in his life, and combine it with a series of confused and sometimes useless flashbacks, to events that weren't even particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why didn't the director show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people? He could have done it several times, particularly in the scenes in which he drugged his victims while having sex with them (which actually took place in a wellness center, not in a disco). Instead he shows it simply by ramming them from behind. <br /> <br /> Although I appreciate that there is so much information you can hold in 90 minutes (or anyway long), but why spend such a large part of the film examining your relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this film). My only hypothesis is that the director was trying to build Pinet's character, to try to frighten us or to feel empathy with him, but this film should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why couldn't he spend those forty-five minutes on something else ? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a period, then it was fair enough, but it wasn't. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first murder, and the effect the killing had on the rest of his life. Unfortunately the film does not explain that it was his first murder, or that he did not kill for nine years yet. Let's assume, because his hair style is different, and wearing glasses that this is a flashback, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> And the sanctuary he did in his living room towards the end of his career? one of the most important clues we have to understand Dahmer and his motivations .. <br /> <br /> Some people might find my need for accuracy in facts and in detail a bit anal, but having thoroughly studied Jeffrey Dahmer , it is clear that this film has very little in common with the person he was and with the crimes committed. Why bother spending time making a movie loosely based on Jeffrey Dahmer rather than facing the real problems of his descent into madness and the massacre that followed? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with as repellent a subject as this should carry a certificate of 18, not a 15. We needed to see his perversion more thoroughly, to understand how detached he was from the rest of us . This does not mean that the drill actually enters the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone, for example, but at least an indication of the amount of people it has killed, and what its Modus Operandi is when it actually kills. Anyone watching this movie that does not know the story of Dahmer could come out thinking they have killed only a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> Apart from the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not so bad. There is a beautiful photograph and good performances by the two main characters. I'd like to see it done again by a director who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
