Skullduggery is a strange, strange film based on the novel "Ye Shall Knowm" from Vercors. Triggering criticism of the film seems really rude, since it is a film that deals with sincere issues like humanity, and asks for upright standards and tolerance. But despite his honorable intentions and his well-intentioned tone, Skullduggery is simply not a great film. For me, the main problem is the terribly bumpy narrative that fails to understand how to convey its message. The first half of the movie is like watching a Tarzan jungle expedition movie; later he will enter the science fiction story; in the end it slips into melodramatic court. The differences in tone between each section of the film are too large, too strident, to be overlooked. They stick out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you are watching a confused and disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the jungle of New Guinea is led by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archaeologists involved in the excursion is the fascinating scientist Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After an arduous migration they stumble upon a tribe of strange monkey-like creatures. These primitive and long-lost people are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without being in any way touched or influenced by the developments of modern man. Is there any proof that they may be the ancestors of primitive man? the "missing link" in the evolution of monkeys in humans. Or maybe a race of humans who simply look and behave differently than usual? Or even a breed of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the tribe "the Tropes" and are initially excited about the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the ugly opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and their idyll on behalf of the developers. He wonders if the Tropes are really "human" and brings his arguments to court, where he hopes to get legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> This was a film very early in Reynolds' career, and actually unbalances this movie by acting like it was in a comedy while the rest of the cast takes it very seriously. Not that Reynolds can be blamed? he has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan movie. His character and film are not relevant to each other. Clark is much better as a serious archaeologist, and there are good secondary roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. An important flaw in Skullduggery is the lame and ineffective trick used to give the Tropi their strange hairy appearance. Rather than making the actors of the hominoids credible, does stuck hair simply make them look unintentionally funny? and this is not the right idea. We are destined to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but it is terribly difficult when they seem so unconvincing. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been touching, philosophical and stimulating. The honorable intentions are there for everyone to see, but the end result does not do them justice. A worthy failure could be but a failure anyway.
