While the general idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found the film much less than I had hoped for by reading the summer of the plot. Perhaps I am a child too of a technological age: the film was made, as it is now in 2002, an official five years ago - after seeing epic fantasy like Lord of the Rings, and sci-fi feats like Star Wars, as a whole it could not compare yourself to other similar line films like Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef, after all, is that I could not report - I am almost the same age as children (a young adult), and have no problem putting myself in the shoes of a middle-aged man if that is the character available. But the photo did not lead me to a different mental plane of existence. I didn't find myself saying "ACK! I would have done the same thing! '. It has not opened the doors to my imagination. Even without comparing it with high-budget films or other TV films, standing alone, some aspects of the function that I found are clichés: the character development in children happened too quickly for my taste, seeing too much of the selfish-adolescent-image-after-divorce stereotypes that turns into the feeling of a happy-we're-never-separated-family new that in the end can make or break a long-term image. Even the characters themselves may have undergone improvements: a typical set of one or the other stereotypes.There was the ubiquitous selfish beauty that tries to be rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Perfect's image of combining athleticism, good looks and intelligence, but a thoughtful attitude, and finally the little intelligent brother that we find to be so common these days. ality pushed the story, I think that adding more individuality with regards to nuances and more unique differences would have made the film more pleasant and credible (as regards the character). <br /> <br /> I have to raise my glass for the costume and set design - which made it worth it to finish for me at the end. Don't get me wrong: all the films deserve to be seen by you, and one's opinion could never explain the opinion of many, but I think that with a little more depth to the script, and a little more (not I can believe I'm saying this) the reality I dare say that Escape from Atlantis could have been magical.
