The main problem with the documentary "Czech Dream" is that he is not really saying what he thinks he is saying. <br /> <br /> In audacious - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - street theater act, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, pulled out an important corporate hoax to act as basis for their film: they deliberately fabricated a fake "hypermarket" (the equivalent of Eastern Europe to Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), built an entire advertising campaign around it - full of billboards, radio spots and television, an official logo, a catchy theme song and photos of counterfeit products - and then he waited around to see how many "dopes" would show up at their creation on the day of the inauguration. They also built a makeshift facade to convince people that the store itself actually existed. <br /> <br /> You might ask, "Why do something like that?" Well, this is a very good question, but the answer the directors provide is not the one that satisfies one. In essence, we are told that the purpose of the feat was to show how easily people can be manipulated to believe in something - even something that is not true - simply through the power of advertising. And the filmmakers run for moral coverage claiming that the "real" (ie superior) purpose of the charade is to convince the Czech people not to fall for all the advertisements that encourage them to join the European Union. Fair enough - especially considering that the real advertisers who agree to go ahead with the stunt declaim against the unethical nature of lying to customers, while justifying their collaboration in deception by stating that it is a form of " research "in what works and what does not work in advertising. In a sense, by allowing themselves to be captured by the camera while making these comments, these ad men and women are both the delinquents of the directors and the poor, unsuspecting people who are the main focus of the ruse. <br /> <br /> But, in many ways, the satirical arrow not only failed to achieve its intended goal, but ironically leads back to the same filmmakers who launched it. Because they are THEMSELVES and NOT the good-hearted and naturally trusting people who eventually present themselves as unethical and without classes here, while proceeding to make fun of perfectly honest people, some of them old and handicapped and forced to travel long distances walk to get to the place. And what should this prove? Are those people "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for bargains? Or that they are stupid and credulous because they do not suspect that there might not be a real market even if one has been advertised? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make real-world operation virtually impossible. <br /> <br /> No, I fear that this intelligent and somewhat mischievous "stunt" only proves what is complete and the mammoth jerks of the directors are to make sure that some really nice people feel like idiots. And, in fact, many of them, when they finally discover the trick that was played to them, react with kindness and good humor, I'm not sure I would be able to pick up if I were in their position. <br /> I am not saying that the film is not compelling - something similar to witnessing a huge car accident in action - but, when the dust has finally resolved and all the disappointed customers return from the red face with empty hands to their homes , we can safely declare that they are not the ones to be ashamed.
