When I saw this movie I listened to all the hype, and I heard that people said that Denzel deserved an Oscar alongside his Golden Globe and I thought he had done an exceptional job considering Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize that people say this so as not to upset the African-American community (if they are not African-Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never mentioned and how they should have won. Sometimes this is true (not so much nowadays) because Whoppi Goldberg should have won the best actress for The Color Purple and the film should have had the best image. The only reason this film was so explosive is because people see a film about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of an African American during a very racist period and automatically label it as a masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington is an exceptional actor, but his role in this film had no effect on me. I was bored with him in the film, and his acting here was quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The public should leave believing that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the movie adoring this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this hero of a man rich. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course the crimes he committed (especially stealing) were just to survive, nothing more. People have felt sorry for him, even though drug dealers and thieves have probably had the same value for the same reasons, but they are looked down on in society. Everything in this film tries to portray this man as a saint (apart from the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed to the other man when he met his wife) but why he wouldn't do it - after all, it's his point of view. I don't like movies (especially Hollywood performances) that are based on "real" stories because they usually distort the "real" parts in something else, something not true. This was his view and a Hollywood construction, but everyone believed it was the truth without a doubt. Well, I researched his past a little before formulating hypotheses, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, there is still the possibility that he killed those people. If you don't believe me, look for it on the internet and read the articles that some people have of him. The boxing match he claimed to have won so easily was actually won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are tapes to prove it. In addition, there are many sad and deliberately overlooked facts in this film. The supporting cast were the most beautiful people I have ever seen on the face of the Earth and their "nice and perfect" person seemed difficult to control. <br /> <br /> This film was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate true a story that has yet to be told sincerely. Denzel's acting is stale and Mickey's supporting cast attitudes are annoying. Even the film starts at a slow pace and is boring.
