I've heard a lot about this film, with people writing to me telling me I should see it, since I'm a fan of extremely bloody and bloody movies. I got my hands on it almost immediately, but one thing or another has always kept me from looking at it ... until now. I would have been better not to remember that I had it too. <br /> <br /> This film was atrocious. The worst thing is that it could have been much better than it actually was. I know it was a story of Clive Barker and everyone, and no, I didn't read that story, but it seems to me that if you don't do it, you'll be, like me, completely confused and totally disappointed. > <br /> The film starts quite well: the actors are convincing, the story interesting. The first scene is bloody, a great way to get your attention. I thought the blood was a bit ugly, but since it was the first scene I was hoping to improve later. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so horrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence to believe that, for example, someone could throw away a person's head using only a shot of flesh. WTF? CGI blood (have they ALSO used any "real" blood? My homemade stuff looks better than any other used in this movie!) cut in an orderly way - nobody remembers that there are BONES in all our bodies?!, too dark scenes (every scene has a strange yellow color or hidden in the shadows) ... gets worse and worse. I found myself indicating the error after the error. It's just too much. Add it to the fact that what could and should have been a great serial killer turns into a demonic / supernatural / monster movie at the end ... no thanks! He should have been kept as a creepy boy who ground people in the subway, OK, with a conspiracy theory thrown in and an overzealous photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through the meat plant? Plausible, feasible ... and much better I think the "real" story. That could and should have worked. Instead it has become a "creature living at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it but you, and if you don't read the book, well ... you'll never understand it". Tragic, what a terrible thing to do for a film with such potential. If you like fake blood and fake blood, you will love it. But if you have half a brain in your head then you will hate it completely. Stay away, very, far away.
