I don't know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was the way the poster looked, I don't know. However, in the beginning it was quite promising. And even during the entire function there were bright moments. Maybe because I'm not a big fan of horrors, and I don't look at them much, but sometimes they looked cool. But the rest is not so good. Ridiculous sometimes. The film is at a slow pace, sometimes you will get so bored that you will forget what the story was. Even the characters are not great. All of them. The butcher is OK, it looks creepy and crazy enough. Even if I didn't understand what those strange things were on his chest (the whole scene seemed fake and a bit out of nowhere), and why was he collecting those in jars at home? The main one is simple. His character is really hard to believe and very underdeveloped. But I guess it's the writers' fault. As if crying when he was photographing his girlfriend? The side cast is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will women in horror movies have some brains? It's ridiculous. The girl discovers that a maniac has taken the camera of her boyfriend, tries to go to the police, which fails, and then thinks of the best idea ever. Why don't we go and take it! I know where the maniac lives! Yup! That is swollen! And then look for the video camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk into the room, see a bag that wasn't there before, and take a look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not there. But a lot of interesting things. Brilliant. Mmmm. Realizing that the bag means that the butcher is back is too difficult for his tiny brain. Then, of course, the infinite "fall while running away", which really made it look bad. Then, to insert the last nail into the character, at the end of the film, he enters the FULL wagon with dead bodies hanging down his feet, shouts "Noooo" as if he had just ripped off his Gucci bag and walked into the wagon. .. Jeez. Come on. No one else thinks it's just, well, stupid? Just awful. If his character wasn't so bad, maybe the movie would have received another star or two from me. And I would even forgive MMT characters who can hit their heads with a steel hammer (that guy on the train that the conductor killed), butcher vests that can protect them from bullets, monsters that look weird and cheap at the end (not I read the Clive Barkers novel, so I have no idea where those monsters came from), the fact that no one liked that hundred (judging from the skeletons in the prison) disappeared into the city, and the main character who didn't bleed into death when he tore his tongue (I barely noticed it I think). Oh, and the predictable ending. Damn, I knew the ending halfway, it's just disappointing. The only reason I'm still giving producers a bit of credit is that the film generally looks better than most of the horrors I've seen in recent months. The visual style is beautiful, some shots were really beautiful and good in CGI that made the murders really brutal. (even if the blood didn't seem real at all) I think some people will have fun, some, like me, will look at it if there's nothing else to look at, some will absolutely hate it.
