I listened and read a lot of praise on "Midnight Meat Train", which is based on a short story written by no less than Clive Barker and presumably the best adaptation of his work from the original "Hellraiser" who directed himself, but so far I can express only very mixed feelings about my viewing experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the entire film in one word is: nauseating! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatical horror fanatics, but is also indescribably gratuitous and exploiting. Normally, I am very pro-violence but must at least serve some purpose. The slaughterhouse ?? literally ?? depicted in "Midnight Meat Train" has the exclusive purpose of shaking and repelling spectators with weak nervous systems and stomach aches easily, and even that is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more shortcomings, some even bigger than useless gore, but maybe I should focus on the positive elements first. The basic concept is very promising and multiple sequences (like the chase in the freezer room, for example) are literally exuding suspense and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately the rhythm is very irregular and the potentially fantastic plot processing is made unnecessarily complicated. Presumably, the elaboration of a short story in a long feature film is responsible for rhythm irregularities, but honestly I feel they could have done more with the epilogue and the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York whose agent recommends looking for the truly threatening face of the city through sinister images. Leon then becomes obsessed with chasing an introvert and a butcher with suspicious behavior who always waits for the midnight train. Leon is right, as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the murderer's motives and behavior suggest that there is something far more substantial going on the rails at night . "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing places such as night stations and animal abattoirs, and the film also benefits from good acting performances and a load of disturbing images (such as corpses on meat hooks and blood-stained carriages), but the director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage of it. The ending leaves many questions unanswered and, even though Clive Barker wanted to have this, I still think we deserved a slightly more clarifying ending. "Midnight Meat Train" is a film a little intriguing and decidedly disturbing, but not without default values. It is not intended for easily offended viewers, but perhaps people seeking consistency and clarity of plot should leave it alone.
