As a good advertisement for republicanism, as you can probably see, "Mayerling" is a daily history of real people in late 19th century Austria. During one of Europe's seemingly incessant internal riots, Emperor Franz Joseph (Mr James Mason), his rebellious son, crown prince Rudolf (Mr Omar Sharif) the empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and several lovers, policemen secrets, spies, populous in uniform extravagant, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and the bizarre net of European royalty during the times of the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Francesco Giuseppe. Shot in what the old movie posters called "A Riot of Color" looks like nothing more than an expensive, but intellectually challenged production of "The Student Prince". Mr. James Mason, who wears a very cute little white number, uses his Mitteleuropean accent for all uses whenever he remembers. I am a great admirer of him and I sincerely hope that the remuneration is proportionate to the disgust that he clearly felt for the character he was interpreting. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career founded largely by looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and full of energy, gives a monotonous performance like his son, the crown prince. It is not absolutely convincing as a man who in the film At least, cuts a little through the side of the end of the Austrian aristocracy. With its well-buttered locks, it sets and lays in increasingly unlikely uniforms. Like a rebel, he speaks, but obviously he can't walk, leaving a button at the bottom on one of his tunics is almost the point where his challenge goes. Little happily married, he falls in love with a commoner. "Forbidden Love" is one of the most popular movies. As she is played by the rarest young lady. Catherine Deneuve is not nearly pushing the envelope. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for and we see a lot of it, especially in the sequence set for the ballet. Now I love ballet as much as the next, but this sequence seems to go on for too much time, a more cynical critic might consider it a "fill". Rudolf's mother, the empress, is played by Miss Ava Gardner. It gives the part a good old American style, making it a bit "Auntie Mame", but it is made with an undeniable style. Rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother - I 'm not putting him any stronger than that. The only performance that is worth looking at is that of Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancillot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully indifferent to everything that happens around him that it is a joy to see. I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolf the immortal question "What is the bleeding time?" I am not qualified to challenge the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but, in my opinion, everything else is laughable. It is a Ruritan comic opera without the reasons to send you home from the theater whistle.
