Is it the same Kim Ki Duk who directed the moving testimony of "Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who directed the exquisite, almost silent and heartbreaking desire of "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk who dazzled us with the bewildering tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and made us contort the ugliness of casual adolescent prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature to allow all of us (characters and spectators) to experience redemption in "Samaritan Girl"? I can't find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, of course, the reason for Kim's nature is still present. The film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fishing wagons that rest placidly on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, that's fine. Kim also describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the DVD's special features. But I'm no longer sure what it means after seeing this rotten presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about angry prostitutes, with open mouths, lustful, violent and nibbled fishermen, an avid mute merchant, explicit animal torture, self-mutilation sequences and a nauseating swinging rhythm between bestial carnality and mindless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this film which is absolutely confused and ultimately meaningless. Whether it is based on a fairy tale or is intended as a parable or is meant to be symbolic of something greater, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. It was favorably compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (much to Kim's satisfaction), but apart from some surprisingly good performances, especially considering what they had to work with, from the protagonists Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I find a little reason to recommend this movie. I didn't see "Audition", but I doubt it would in any way change my vision of "The Isle". His violence is pornographic and senselessly sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but without passion and masochist. The characters behave in an irritating way because there is no plot. His point is non-existent or, I admit, lost among the Korean cultural peculiarities that I cannot understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in the cinematography, which is the classic Kim: boats wrapped in fog slowly wrap through a serene lake, mountainous terrain that dominates the background, and an imaginative and playful use of color. Sometimes it seems that the spectators are locked up in a large room for Kim Ki Duk's children. Some touches, like the mysterious and seductive mute merchant played by Jung and the pleasantly strange use of motorcycles, are intriguing. But as a film, this effort is definitely confused and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily to sensitivity. It is hoped that Kim will leave this type of film in the garbage pile of his past, because we know he is capable of much more.
