Despite having met people who are either big fans of Noam Chomsky, or think it's a tired relic from the 1960s, I didn't really have any opinion of that man, except I knew he had gained a reputation as a linguist, even though I couldn't to clarify none of his theories, and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist tendencies. So, stumbling on the DVD of the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without A Pause, in a used video store, a film that followed him on a tour of the 2002 book for his book 9-11, I decided to do it, just so I might have some knowledge about the man the next time a person, for or against, talked about him. While I was glad to have gotten the film, my initial reaction to this boring and poorly written hagiography was, therefore, what's the problem? <br /> <br /> For a man with so many grades, praised as "the most important intellectual alive", according to the New York Times, according to the DVD case, surely there was not much, intellectually speaking. I know I would chew and spit it out in a debate, and I wouldn't even want to see what William F. Buckley could do for him. Of course, the whole film apparently concerned Chomsky who saw conspiracies everywhere, and with shining eyes that nodded with disconcerting approval of the most foolish and outrageous things he would have said, rather than being in linguistics, so maybe that's the reason he came so bad . But, once again, if he is a linguist, and he is the best in his field, why should anyone in the world worry about what he has to say about something outside his field of specialization ??? Even worse are his acolytes, who seem to further isolate the man from reality, fueling the disappointments that Chomsky is a target for Zionist killers. I knew little about what I knew about Chomsky before watching this film: it was generally considered to be an intellectually, and practically irrelevant being, since the fall of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured and without a narrative thread, that it is difficult to separate the whole mess. His wife, Carol, for example, apparently gave an interview, which was cut and dropped anywhere in the film. She looks like a pretty pretty woman, but completely out of her element that answers anything but the most basic questions about their lives. The only interesting thing he says is that September 11th was a great thing for the Chomsky because he has since collected a great deal of money to talk about taxes. <br /> <br /> Not surprisingly, this type of film gives almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all spectators should know all the applause of these "big man" bears. Chomsky is rarely interviewed one by one. Stylistically, there is no camera movement, no interesting changes, no signature touches, and most of the film is Chomsky's disjunctive, Chomsky's huzzah videotaped declaiming about this or that, and open-mouthed and intimidated students who they look as if it were irrelevant, that is, when the henchmen didn't ask questions that were barely audible and ridiculously simplistic. This is a really poor film by the director and editor Will Pascoe, who in the DVD's Filmmaker Statement shows he is another uncritical actress of Chomsky. Apart from this, one of the surest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but a simple agit-prop, and a vanity piece of agit-prop, in this regard, is that not once is Chomsky shown struggling with a answer. It seems to be a source of knowledge that has no limits. <br /> <br /> Given that much of this dreck was shot during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University, Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003, much of what it says Chomsky seems as remote as the things of the Vietnam War era. Yes, he makes some good points, here and there, about the complicity of the American media before the war, but he follows them with sheer madness, because he does not seem to realize that most of the conspiracies are ad hoc, and the cabal have not been outlined. For example, he states that the advertising industry is a cabal that ruthlessly controls the population, but does not say a word about the zombie population that it allows itself to control. Likewise, he states that trilateralists rule the world and that the fear of people's crime is another result of the cabal. Certainly, this statement fully explains the rape crisis centers, and all that consumes time and money the offices of district lawyers consume. He also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his company were great supporters, in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union fell. I can only imagine that UFO conspiracies are just waiting for Chomsky to proclaim that the gray aliens have created species-impregnation centers that mix in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In his simple world without grays, Chomsky is frighteningly dense as the members of Bushco, whom he insults, are; even more because they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lives in the past, ahead of most problems and out of his depth intellectually. Near the end of this film, he warns: "Be cautious when you hear of intellectuals as warriors for justice", but you can only laugh, because man has never met a revolutionary person or an idea that does not they liked, no matter how barbarous their crimes, and their anti-intellectual position. Please stop before wasting time and money on this stupid and already irrelevant DVD.
