Darkwolf tells the story of a young maid named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who had led a rather ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by a werewolf, see that werewolves actually exist in the Modern America and there is even a special organization within the police force to combat the threat of the werewolf directed by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio) who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is actually a werewolf Thoroughbred and a so-called "dark prince" werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of pure blood werewolves that will conquer the whole world, or something like that. Understandably, Josie finds it hard to believe, until she sees the evidence with her eyes. It's up to the Werewolf cop Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Executive co-producer and director Richard Friedman I thought Darkwolf was a bad low-budget hit on a horror film for camcorders digital this did nothing for me. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's screenplay begins by promising enough to be set in a strip club with a lot of naked breasts on display and then there is a werewolf attack that leaves someone splashed everywhere but after this decent opening sequence it's pretty much downhill all the way I'm scared. To begin with, it's slow, it's boring, it's predictable and it's populated by extremely annoying characters who come out with a bad dialogue and do stupid things like when they have the opportunity to shoot the werewolf that they don't have, I have no idea why, but they prefer just stay there instead. The script is stupid and can't be explained by itself, why hasn't Josie ever become a werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can't this "dark prince" find another Werewolf female? There are also many other things that have little or no sense like an ancient book that at first glance seems quite important, but it is completely forgotten halfway, but the idea however is, on the whole the film limps in a very linear fashion to a very predictable climate clash that is completely subdued. <br /> <br /> The director Friedman illuminates the film quite well with luminous neon, but this is new or original and does not really improve the film as a show. Now let's talk about special effects or rather the lack of these because the effects in DarkWolf are anything but special, the transformation of Werewolf is achieved using CGI and is among the worst CGIs I've ever seen, seriously a Playstation would be embarrassed for these computers graphics. It is undoubtedly the worst Werewolf transformation I've ever seen, An American Werewolf in London (1981) was made over 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally light years ahead of those seen in DarkWolf, which says that have the special effects improved over the years? The animatronic effects of puppets are not much better, although at least there is something psychic on the screen. The gore is not long after a bloody opening has killed some splashes of blood and a lot of corpses but not much else. There is a good dose of female nudity, if it's your passion, but don't overdo it because you still have to spend a terrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically DarkWolf is fine apart perhaps the worst CGI effect of all time, is reasonably well done and at least seems to have production values. Acting is what you would really expect. <br /> <br /> Darkwolf is yet another low-budget piece of horror film that clutches video game shelves and clutters the hours of dark cable television stations, I didn't think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a bit more fun than going to a funeral, even if everyone said and done that they are both horrible ...
