The Order starts in Rome where the head of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons named Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) is found dead, cut in New York where one of his orders is contacted Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger ) Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller) who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic's death. Together with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and the priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex goes to Italy to deepen the death of his mentor, while the truth begins to emerge it seems that Dominic was a "Sin Eater" someone who he absorbed the other sins and lived with the weight of them so that they could die in peace and that the Church was not happy with its activities. Alex must do what is right even if it goes against what he believes ... <br /> <br /> I also know under the title The Sin Eater this German American co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland and has no done I really do it a lot if I am honest and I usually am honest. In any case, let's start with the mess of a script that has some good ideas, but it's really predictable, atrociously boring and boring, sometimes stupid and takes it too seriously. The whole concept is stupid and even though he thinks he's smart with a really perfect ending that ties everything together and takes the story to the starting point, I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to finish things. There are the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know the kind of thing. Then there are the twists that are not difficult to see, there is the abuse of power by high-ranking clerics, corruption, greed, wickedness, etc. You know the kind of ideal clichés and Hollywood themes that are reused whenever it's Church. The Order has nothing new to say and as a serious film, which sucks, a lot. I'm not too sure who the Order is to appeal to, as a hard and tough horror fan I didn't see much horror in this, as a thriller is less than electrifying, as a mystery is too predictable and there is nothing here to grab or hold your interest and for some reason I can't understand that the IMDb lists The Order as an action movie that is absurd as it is exciting and action-packed like the average Sesame Street episode ( 1969 - present), perhaps, but that's what I think ... <br /> <br /> The director Helgeland does a good job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and everything looks a little sad, grayish that's boring. For a supposed horror film, The Order is very light on elements of fear or horror, in fact there are none including two evil children who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, don't ask. Forget any gore or violence because there is not one that is good, but it would have helped at least to make the Order a little watchable. According to the "Trivia" section of IMDb, The Order's release date was postponed so that some of the special effects could be improved because they seemed unintentionally funny, all I can say is that judging from the finished movie the effects must be been really bad with because they are not exactly as brilliant as they are now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see that The Order had a budget of around $ 28,000,000 which is a lot of money and I just can't see where it all fell apart compared to the sets and design of production that are good. The whole film seems very mediocre and absolutely forgettable. Acting is OK although the annoying fat guy who seems to be some sort of scurrilous comic relief, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the title The Sin Eater in reality it doesn't really matter that it is too important, it misses all the objectives foreseen by the proverbial mile for me and it is a rather tedious way to waste 100 strange minutes of your life so don't do it! Not recommended.
