Although this film was presumably a joke in response to criticism it is still a terrible film. If one engages in that sort of thing at least it makes it a good joke ..... first of all, Jeroen Krabbé is the poor man's Gerard Depardieu ... of course I hate Gerard Depardieu even though he was very funny in the Musketeer three of 'Iron Mask'. Otherwise for me it is a poison at the box office and Jeroen Krabbé is worse than that. Poor box office of the poor ... actually it is not right for those who are economically without rights. If the "fourth man" should be a sort of criticism of the bourgeoisie ... what am I saying? it is not. Let's just say hypothetically, if it had to be, it wasn't clear enough. Satire is a complicated thing ... if it isn't clear enough, the viewer becomes the ass of the joke instead ... I think that's what happened. The story ends as a bunch of disgusting and miserable characters who do nothing that nobody would be interested in or even in an interesting way ..... (for a more interesting and useful application see a film by Luis Bunuel .... very sharp satire) <br /> <br /> [potential spoiler alert] <br /> <br /> Really, the blowjob in the cemetery that Jeroen Krabbé's character works so much to achieve .... are you interested? It is funny? since Mr. Voerhoven should be a good filmmaker, I will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that it was a misanthropic joke that he lost control ... although I suppose he didn't choose Jeroen Krabbé because he's the worst actor and every character he plays was a pretentious bourgeois ass ... except he is incompetent. So it becomes like a weird caricature. Do you think Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? and also Jeroen Krabbé is the target of the joke? I just don't see it ...... So you understand the dilemma I face here, right? It's the worst movie ever because it should be a good director. So there's a kind of dupery involved. I knew "Patch Adams" was horrible without even seeing it. Do not be fooled by the deceptively seductive packaging of "The 4th Man" or Mr. Voerhoven's reputation as a good director, etc. Etc.
