This sorry excuse for a movie reminded me a lot of what I heard about "Lilies", which Ben and Jen flopped early this summer. "The Order" was clearly mounted at such an inconceivable level that the scenes, rather than forming a cohesive and provocative film, seemed to be a collection of bumpy sequences that did little to convey an appearance of a unified storyline. Now, I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 things I hate about you", "The tale of a knight" and in particular his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man must find himself a better agent. He continues to accept scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and will be well on its way to the oblivion of cinema. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I had with the film. First, the director tried to compensate for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other plot lines that apparently had little or nothing to do with, well, much of everything. Tracing skeins that involved the American trying to conquer the Vatican and the Dark Pope, although slightly interesting, did nothing to reveal to the viewer something about the main characters. Attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best. Secondly, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting in the film scenes that are clearly mandatory. We had produced anguish, manufactured love and sex done in a more idiotic way that looked like a page just out of "Matrix Reloaded" with techno music that numbed the skull. Rather than developing the character, these elements seemed like low-cost devices that were clearly, an unenthusiastic attempt to put teenagers chewing popcorn in the seats. Thirdly, and above all, this film seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion and we have supernatural forces at play. Why then do we learn almost nothing against someone's background? Let's learn a little about Alex, but he also renounces the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism, at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed character, if you can call him that, in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> As the cliché goes today, if you see a movie this year, make sure it's not that. There are about ten interesting minutes of the unbearable 101-minute deal. The only thing that saved me is to go with a girl I am very fond of. <br /> <br /> 1 in 10. I am disappointed. Store it firmly below potential, but blown on changes and bad direction. Heath my man, back to the cameos of Monster's Ball. They look really good on you.
