In times past of the Catholic Church, a sin-eater was an individual who, through ritual, took upon himself the sins of a dying person. Often, these people were excommunicated or similar individuals that the church would not absolve, thus denying them entry into Heaven. Sin eaters were considered blasphemous, bypassing the monopoly of Chruch on redemption. Have sex with a bit of supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where you can, and you have "The Order", a film that combines the religious anti-authoritarianism of "Stigmata", the paranormal inquiry "The X-Files "and the sexual spirituality of" The Thorn Birds "in a strange melange that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a dishonest priest, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, a semi etheric order of priests fighting the fight against the devil. When Alex's mentor is found dead in bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Long tagging are comrades Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who was subject to one of Alex's exorcisms a year earlier. The three go to Rome to investigate and are attracted by a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusions and a man who claims to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> The film, written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same protagonists on the scattershot and lukewarm "A Knight's Tale"), is a strange and difficult film to classify. It wants to be several things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot - and only sometimes succeeds in all of them. This is not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional gusts of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly strange scene of desperation in an otherwise monochrome performance. Sossman, however, showed the same bumpy performance he gave in all his films (especially in "The Rules Of Attraction"). <br /> <br /> The plot itself moves back and forth between different narrative arcs, leading you to wonder which is the main one with each arc containing its share of false holes. Large gaps in the narrative seem to be lost between the scenes sometimes, which can be confusing to many, but this is also one of the film's saving benefits. The structure of the film - coupled with the fact that there is never a really clear antagonist until the end of the film - forces the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most films are patently obvious about everything (the exception to this is the historical basis of the Carolingians and the practice of sin-eating, both are explained in the arid exposition). Even at the beginning of the film, the relationships between the characters and the story are deduced instead of explained. Combine this with on-site shooting and judicious use of special effects, and you have a very old supernatural thriller, with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70s / early 80s. <br /> <br /> A brief mention here, for David Torn's thin and organic soundtrack, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic Lisa Gerrard-style voice. A very beautiful soundtrack that is evocative without being extravagant and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> A confusing plot, a lack of purpose and sometimes sleepy performances would often damage a film, but for some reason, "The Order" remains watchable. Many people will be very dull from the film due to its strange sensitivity, and some may even get angry for being forced to engage in the higher functions of their brain to understand it. However, the pure intangibility of the film will prevent it from being a critical or commercial hit until the DVD, which I'm sure will be full of copious deleted scenes. A film recommended only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
