This film was incredible bad. I saw it during the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before it began, the theater owner stood up and told us that half the audience had left the theater the night before, which was his "world premiere". I don't think anyone in the theater understood how bad the movie would have been at the time. We all understood at the end. <br /> <br /> It is not a documentary, even if it was sold as one. Dark Angel was a bad biography and a failed homage to Bettie Paige, in which half of the film is actually just a remake of old Bettie Paige movies. The film only lasts 90 minutes and the content of those 90 minutes is nothing short of poor. He would have started a scene then someone would have said "wow you are so great Bettie, why don't we make another film". this would be followed by 5 minutes of a Bettie Paige remake that was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring) than the normal part of the film. at the end of the film, people laughed whenever another remake of a Bettie Paige movie came. it was ridiculous. I heard a lot of laughter in that theater, but people didn't laugh with the director, they laughed at the film and its poor content and structure. It was easy to say, because the parts that would get the maximum laugh were those that should have been serious or revealing. <br /> <br /> I know that movies are expensive. I've seen many independent films made cheap but somehow the film and the quality of this film set it apart from anything else I've ever seen. The film seems made for $ 12. The cuts, graininess and lack of a sensual plot have made this experience unforgettable. This movie makes "Friend, where is my car?" looks like Citizen Kane. <br /> <br /> My friends and I left the theater feeling like we just paid 8 dollars to be tortured. The only redeeming part of the experience was the possibility of laughing at the fact that someone had actually made this film and thought it was good. Apparently, the night before, the night of the "world premiere", the director / writer / producer had been in the audience and had witnessed people laughing and going out in his film. Bettie Paige's films have been destroyed. They should also destroy this film.
