One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is the pollution of downstream flows, rivers and lakes with excess sediment and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the United States of the nineteenth century of surplus sedimentation was caused by the hydraulic extraction of gravel hills carrying gold on the sides of the Sacramento valley in the period between 1850 and the early 1880s. This process involved the direction of a high-pressure water jet on the hillside, causing the material to be washed down, where gold could be separated from the gravel and sediments. The sediment then collected in a ditch or stream and most found its way to the Sacramento river or its tributaries. The sediments left in the river bed have increased the likelihood of flooding in agricultural fields and downstream cities and have created permanent swamps in some areas. Some of the sediments spilled onto agricultural fields, where it could cover a permanent crop or cover more desirable land or make plowing difficult. Thus, the conflicting interests of the companies that used the hydraulic extraction and the downstream farmers negatively affected by these operations are the theme of this almost forgotten 1938 color film by Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we could ask why Warner decided to shoot this film with a rather poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about peasants and gold miners does not seem to justify the expense and difficulty in color shooting at this time. The answer seems to be the excessive movie spent indoors, with fanciful colored clothes and ornaments. So, we could ask why George Brent was chosen as the protagonist and last hero, to combine with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this film really needed a charismatic man to guide it. Even the usual colorful Gabby Hayes, in his small role, seemed unusually submissive. Unfortunately I fell asleep in front of the last apparently most dramatic part of the film. The part I saw spent too much time establishing a complicated set of relationships between too many people at the expense of graphically representing the difficult situation of the chosen grain baron and perhaps of the neighboring citizens and their attempts to tackle their problems of flooding and sedimentation. It had to be more like "The Good Earth", published just the year before. Only perhaps it would have been suitable for a charismatic man, like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of the inanimate title. Surely, Warner could have invented a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or Grain" is short and direct. Incidentally, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in "their hills of the thar", waiting to be extracted by means other than hydraulic extraction.
