When the hordes of robots start attacking the big cities, who will stop the fool behind the attacks? Captain Sky !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, the skyways ace, facing insurmountable challenges along with his annoying former reporter Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight mate, captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Sky Captain and the world of tomorrow may seem like an exciting movie, but in reality it is rather boring and overwhelming. The running time of the film is 106 minutes and yet it feels much longer because there is no substance in this film. The images were fantastic and the film did a good job. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful images. The film lacks a story and interesting characters that make it quite boring and useless. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. It focuses too much on graphics and devotes little time to the story itself. The film is like a girl without a personality, after a while it becomes a bit bland and tiring. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It is simply another style case on substance. <br /> <br /> Acting is surprisingly average and it's not their fault because they have had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the publicity is quite misleading and she is only in the film for about 30 minutes. Even his performance is surprisingly bland. Jude Law offers a good performance even if you would expect a lot more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really liked. She gives a pretty good performance like the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The film is not a complete failure. There were some exciting "wow" scenes. There weren't enough of them. The film does not have that hook to make it truly memorable. In reality it was rather insignificant and not at all engaging. Too bad the film was not very nice since it had such a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth looking at. Evaluation 4/10
