The zeppelins that explode crashing on the base of "Sky Captain" Jude Law present an adequate metaphor to describe how terrible this film really is. First of all, let me tell you right away that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will ever recover any money from this movie. A cult strike could become, but only because it is so extraordinary for what it failed to achieve. Now I can see the pitch in the studio. "We combine 1920 German Expressionism and a 1940 globetrotter adventure with a modern action film and we use computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, it won't be a success!" Skycaptain gasps the viewer with its pure excess. There are too many fake explosions, too many unconvincing fist scenes and too few real moments where the characters are anything but painfully two-dimensional. After all, why surprise and amaze with a floating airship when you can have three, or five or a hundred ?! Moreover, what could have been a revolutionary film, which perfectly combines computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing environment, will instead become a flop in no small part because it does not meet the most important requirement of any flick using CGI. Quite simply, the graphics are incredibly poor. From the movement of cars to the physics of aircraft in combat, everything seems to be just a little off. I'm not playing the game here in any way. A child might notice that a car does not slide down the road like a magnetic levitation train (unless it is a Mercedes S500). And for those of you who raise your voices in protest, shouting "This is a stylized film, it shouldn't be like reality", let me say this. The Lord of the Rings set the standard for integrating real-life actors with CGI, Starship Troopers set the standard for ironic science fiction films, the Rocketeer did a solid job reintroducing the decade of the 1920s into the Hollywood portfolio, and Tim Burton's Batman has created a unique image of New York City / Gotham that has yet to be repeated. Sky Captain falls so little of all these films, it's hard for me to mention them in the same sentence. Also, acting is so poor, it makes me sick positively. So that's it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you have my review. I hope he can dissuade you from making the same mistake I made.
