"Sky Captain" can be considered a tribute to comics, pulp adventures and movie series, but contains little of the magic of some of the best of those genres. A contributor says that the enjoyment of the film depends on whether or not the film's influence is recognized. I don't think it's absolutely true. The expectations of the films, fiction and serials that the "Captain" pays were completely different. Especially for those who have experienced those amusements when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of charm and magnetic attraction. Obviously we know that gossip comes and goes from scratches but there must be tension and drama. Towards the peak of "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent the catastrophe and when they reach five minutes they are walking without running towards their goal. They take time for long glances and useless conversations and the contemplation of an enemy fallen 30 seconds after the tragedy. Of course some conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would have maintained a certain sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> Movies like this are not expected to make sense. They are expected to be fun, thrilling and have a certain sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost no one. Remember when Law and Paltrow are chased by winged creatures and reach an enormous chasm crossing through a log bridge? Well, why are they perfectly safe from those creatures when they reach the other side? They can FLY !!! The same abyss means nothing to them. The bridge is not necessary for them, so where is the escape? If the land that crosses the chasm is "forbidden" to flying creatures, the film made no effort to let us know how or why or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both gave good performances in the past) played "types" but both were rather flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself capable of great nuances here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give a "grit" to their roles, even though Omid Djalili looked like he could have managed a little more if he had been given only the chance. He did a great job anyway considering how fundamentally he was wasted. <br /> <br /> The film had a great "look" but there are so many ways in which CGI distracts. CGI works best when used for the fantastic, when it is used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for spectacular or spectacular. When used to replace natural places, it disappoints. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain has nothing of the majesty or sense of awe and omen that a real mountain does. I know the design of this film was quite deliberate and didn't necessarily have to look like real LOOK, but shouldn't HE FEEL this way? Simply no. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and trivial script ... the tribute is not an excuse. Even so, if the film had had dramatic chills and tensions, it would have been nice anyway. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise but he had everything the "Captain" had not particularly attracted the viewer into his world and made us accept his rules and the his way of being in a way that "Sky Captain" definitely didn't. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach for films about comic book heroes of the 30s and 40s. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as ripe for such treatment. Perhaps the best, most known and fully realized characters that those characters are able to create for a much better film. It would be difficult to be worse.
