This film was a real festival of torture to deal with. His first mistake is to treat nuclear power as something so clearly evident that he hardly needs to convince the public of it. When he bends to put his argument, he has the breathless participants deliver barely justified facts; there is only someone who cries "when someone thinks of children!" While watching this movie, I kept thinking "where did you hear that?" or "that can't be true" - but little information has been supported by reliable sources. And bless them, the "normal people" in the film come across more in Ludmites than in people with some understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; to be honest, this could be the fault of filmmakers, but equally equally, it is a condition shared by the rock stars of the film. <br /> <br /> As for the artists ......... .. Now some of these people are respectable musicians whose music I enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this case. But all of them bump into each other while old hippies gasp, desperate for something to work on, now that the 1960s have overcome them. Graham Nash and James Taylor are particularly embarrassing. Nash seems to be trying too hard - it seems he can't believe the things he was told (not that I blame him), but desperate to hear myself noticed and included. James Taylor interprets what must be the most honest protest anthem of all time, "Stand and Fight", in the most incredibly cheerful way imaginable. In fact, most performances are rather insignificant when they are not sponsoring. No one seems worried about this event, as if it really didn't mean much to them. It is worth noting that the driving force behind this event seems to be John Hall, of the Orleans band, and responsible for some of the craziest pop pops of the 70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One".) It is worth noting because this is the symbol of how the cause here fails to inspire a true passion in music. The cause is presumably life or death, but everyone sleeps through their numbers as if they were playing Catskills. Except perhaps Gil-Scott Heron - his protest number "We Almost Lost Detroit" is at least on the subject, but delivered with all the complacency of a high school student struck by how "controversial" he is. <br /> <br /> Only the performance of Bruce Springsteen lifts a wrist; I've never been a big Boss fan, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. A part of me thinks it was recorded separately, in another event, and modified in this film to give the public a trail. Compared to the general blandness and self-satisfaction air here, it's no wonder that Bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even his performance is limping for shooting a lifeless concert. I don't expect a lot of flashy camera movement from a movie from the 70s, but the shots are unnecessarily static, broken only by cracks of a few seconds to the tonsils of a back-up. Now, a little of this could be due to the fact that the artists are lifeless at the beginning; and * maybe * the directors are better at filming documentaries than filming the concert - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like this done with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, there are only two things to watch this movie: Springsteen's stellar performance and a sad picture of a declining counterculture.
