This extremely weak Australian excuse for a film is a kind of Pavlov Dog Experiment among horror films. Remember this famous "conditioned reflex" experiment from your school books, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov showed that dogs tended to salivate before food actually came into the mouth and this through repetitive routines that stimulated the animal's reflexes. Pavlov rang a bell a couple of moments before the food was delivered to the dog and, after a while, he became anxious and excited and already began to drool from hearing the sound of the bell. What the hell does this boring explanation have in common with a risky slash movie with a small budget, do I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of the manic killer in "Nightmares" is an exact variant of Pavlov's experiment. Every single sequence of murders is preceded by the rough sound and the image of the killer who breaks a window, because he / she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to cut the victims. So this means that, after a while, inattentive and bored viewers can afford to fall asleep and simply watch again when they hear the sound of shattered glass. That way they don't lose anything special! <br /> <br /> As for the quality of "Nightmares" as a film, I can be very brief. This is an inexpensive cash-in, uninspired and largely foolish about the contemporary popular trend of American slasher movies. In the early 1960s, a four-year-old boy witnesses his mother's cruel death as his throat opens in a nasty car accident. Twenty years later the same girl ?? Helen Selleck ?? she is a successful theater actress but still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. He auditions for a role in a black comedy that revolves around death and gets the part. Shortly after the big first, all those who are even remotely involved in production are massacred. The way in which this film tries to defend the mystery of the murderer's identity and motivation is really delayed, even if even the most childish spectator can understand it after the first murder. I don't think I've ever seen anything more obvious than "Nightmares" and the creators should have immediately shown his face and saved themselves from embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody and there is also an unhealthy amount of free nudity to "taste". However, production values ​​are scarce and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative at some point. The few clips we see on the current game make it seem as if the worst thing ever performed on stage was entirely possible. The only positive elements of the film are the characters of the director and the critic of the gay newspaper, who are both delightfully sarcastic and insult the rest of the cast members as much as we do. The "nightmares" are a terrible exploitative horror film, but, at least, I gave you a hint of gold to make it more digestible.
