Economical, mediocre sequel to the hit "The Mummy's Hand" presumably died badly Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) prepares his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the search for revenge abroad in America using the Kharis mummy (Lon Chaney, Jr who has not The reason is to be in disguise ... any stuntman could do the same credible job and get around the victims) in order to kill the surviving members of the Banning family whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) recovered the mummified corpse of Princess Ananka from her tomb in Egypt .. Annoheb considers this an extravagant act of profanation and wants the family to suffer for having performed such a terrible act against an ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and her mother Kharis find a beautiful refuge in a cemetery where the High Priest of Karnak can work as an incognito guardian. Each Full Moon, Bey will feed Kharis a form of liquid derived from several Tana leaves that will keep it not only alive but subservient to the wishes of its master. Bey orders Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), but also to wait for Babe to return so that she becomes victim number 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox), but he does not know that Bey secretly hides her boyfriend who plans to kidnap her with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father ... he is also the last remaining member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no possibility that other Bannings are born. The police must find Kharis and the other responsible for his carnage ... Bey. <br /> <br /> This film is a continuation of HAND set years later, when members of that film, Foran, Ford and Zucco all appear in "aging" make-up that provides wrinkles that show gaps over time as Andoheb was preparing for the Bannings' death. The romantic story of John and Isobel seems only in this plot, so that Bey will risk putting at risk his perfect plan that was successfully completed before regretting it. And Bey sees her only while having fun with John on the grass ... all the garbage for the lover has not been washed for me. Plus you have the mummy to be able to kill people with one arm ... a really so powerful mummy? This film also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save on the budget of this sequel. There's really not so much history here and yes, typical of the images of universal monsters, even in America a crowd of people will light up ... some hum goes after Kharis. You know how it will end .. John and the Kharis superpowers will gather in a big villa with the fire that burns everything around them with the wicked swallowed by the flame.
