I tuned into this one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credits were run, so I didn't know who did it in the beginning. The more I saw him, the more I began to think: "Jesus, this looks like a film by Albert Pyun". I wasn't sure, though, for two main reasons: photography was pretty good (and Utah's desert scenery was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave an exhilarating performance like Simon, a killer cyborg, but with a certain style and a sense of humor. Paulin must have slandered the many clever jokes he fired, because Albert Pyun didn't write anything even remotely funny or consistent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin doesn't have much time for the screen before he's gone, and the film is worse. Lance Henriksen, who plays the evil cyborg, makes his way through his part, as he has done in countless other films like this. I don't know what the hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this thing; maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert looked like and get paid for it. He goes through the film looking (and playing) as if he had just woken up, and actually spends most of the last half of the film on his back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fights extremely well, has a great body and does not have a shred of acting talent, but it does not matter in a film like this. Being an Albert Pyun film, it is full of brands that we have all learned to know and love: idiotic and idiotic dialogues, incisive touches and the impression of having lost a reel in the middle of the image and of having thought "Ah, no one will ever notice. "<br /> <br /> Although this film is, however, it is a nuance over most of Pyun's other efforts - this is" Citizen Kane "compared to its" Adrenaline ": Feel the Rush ", for example. The fights are well done, if repetitive (after you knock down eight or nine guys one after the other, you find yourself saying" Okay, go to something else "), and Long is very athletic (And, like a precedent the poster has noticed, it has a great derrière.) It's not a good film anywhere in the imagination, but it's not nearly as inconsistent and incompetent as Pyun's usual extravagances. You could do worse than rent this film - not much worse, taken for granted, but worse still.
