Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, the cyborgs led by the warlord Job take care of the human population. Basically they keep them as animals, because they need fresh human blood to survive. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was small, and years passed when she came face to face with the cyborgs, but this time she was rescued by the cyborg Gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. Job and his men are about to conquer a largely populated city, while Nea (with revenge on her mind) begs Gabriel to train her to kill cyborgs and she will take him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> The low-cost cyborg / post-apocalyptic economic race of writer / director Albert Pyun (who made "Cyborg" before and the noble "Nemsis" in the same year) is reasonably a wrong piece of junk with some interesting news. Very little structure makes its way into the frayed plot, since the turgid script is weak, banal and exaggerated. The lead joke tries to be witty, but it is rather stinky and comes across comedy in involuntary moments. Most of the actions that occur are rather senseless and routine. The material could have used another polish, as it was an inspired idea swallowed by sluggish inclinations, lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone. The open-ended conclusion, to say the least stunning, is too abrupt, especially since a sequel has not yet been made. It feels like he's running out of money, and he said "It's time to pack up. Let's finish another day (or maybe another decade). There's no hurry." However, he found it rather hilarious, thanks mainly to his fast pace, some well-executed fights and George Mooradian's flying cinematography that magnificently captured the visually appealing background. Performance is right. The dry and solid person of Kris Kristofferson works perfectly like Gabriel and Kathy Long, a person who is self-confident and self-confident, brings out stunts in an expert and aggressive way. However his acting is too wooden. A robbery Lance Henriksen gives an incredible display of pure ham, like the evil leader of the cyborg Job who constantly has a fusion of saliva. Even Scott Paulin has a lot of cheer as one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels pouts like one of them. Pyun hits some exciting martial arts sets, which involve lightning force and a free slow motion. Digging in the background is a burning musical score, but mechanical. The special effects and the FX make-up get up pretty well. Watchable, but not really a success and its minimal limitations can be a cause of this.
