An accusation of aggravated sexual assault along with other unpleasant sins, including the misuse of a broom, is made against half a dozen of the most popular high school athletes in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "moderately retarded" student (Heather Matarazzo). The investigations and the construction of the case are handed over to the district attorney's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are entrusted. Rumors about the case have spread through Glen Ridge, an upper-middle-class suburb where athletes are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is a police lieutenant). Nobody believes Matarazzo. "Our boys will never take such a slut down to the basement, they will rape her and subject her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to shape a sufficiently convincing case to be able to take the athletes to the test. Matarazzo is not an ideal actor. It is desperate for love and friendship, and this makes it easy for false friends to mislead them. A slimy journalist says, "You can trust me," but the reporter can't be trusted completely. Another student, a very popular girl at school, throws a Linda Tripp on Matarazzo, pretending to be the friend of her breast, but all the while asking her main questions about the incident - and recording the results! Consequently, observing this story is like being on a roller coaster. At first it seems a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community organizes against the law. Then it looks nice again. But then the journalist interferes. Then that obstacle has just passed, that Linda Tripp pushes her big nose into the investigation and makes the tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo was lying. (Well, actually, she was lying - but she was lying to her interrogator to please her.) Then this is over, but Matarazzo objects to take a stand because he doesn't want to be characterized as "retarded". Eric Stoltz is doing well as a prosecutor. I say this for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago around the same time. (I hope he wasn't the guy I argued with at the Seaside Club bar. If he was, I would like to congratulate him again.) Ally Sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize. He did a wonderful job of self-control in "Fine Art", but I didn't perceive any particular effort in this role, which was still quite formal. I mean, neither she nor Stoltz nor anyone else could give a show performance in what is essentially a comic book story. <br /> <br /> The producers and the director had the good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of victim. The worst thing they could have done was throw a blond ethereal nebula. Instead, Matarazzo, without being at all ugly, seems rather simple and this ordinary quality is completed by his grooming and make-up. Nor did the writers make her melancholy and kind. It has a character and is sometimes irritating to hear, which is all for the best. <br /> <br /> The character of Matarazzo is the best taken from the film. Athletes are stereotypes. Pure wickedness. They consider themselves above the law, break into the party of a beautiful girl in East Orange, sweep away the place during a party far worse than the climatic orgy of "La Dolce Vita" and leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to get it in the neck - and they do it. <br /> <br /> I referred to this as a comic book story and this is more or less what it is. Challenge none of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into Good and Evil. And we don't have a moment of doubt about who is who. What I'm waiting for - not really, it's just rhetoric - it's a film almost exactly like this and a dozen others, but where the victim is trying to get his name and photo in the newspapers and collect all those chips of sympathy of people who think well like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a true story, as are so many others we have all seen, and even more fictional. (For example, "The Accused".) Some are good, some are strictly routine. All right. Quite right. Now when we see a film about the case of Tawana Brawley, in which the girl disappeared on a whim for a few days, then had her strip her friends, tie her up and dirty her with dirt, so she could claim to have been abducted and raped by the police ? Now that would be a challenge in a way that this simply isn't.
