Things come soon and often in this in this bizarre science fiction jazz biography written and directed by Spike Lee. Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is an acclaimed jazz trumpeter who confronts a quintet that fills them in Sotto lo sfavito. His problems include an incompetent manager, a sax player on stage and two girlfriends playing the musical mattress. The true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. The band's manager, Giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and it would be better to leave him alone, but Bleek remains faithful for as long as possible. He will show his ruin as an artist but will contribute ironically to his growth as a man. <br /> <br /> As Bleek, Denzell Washington is wrong as an ambitious trumpet player with one child on each arm. He is too sweet a man to be so self-centered about his art, giving patience and love to those around him with a low key distance. It simply lacks fire. Wesley Snipes who plays Henderson the saxophonist would have been much better suited for the role, but he, too, would have had to kiss the scribbled scribbles of Lee's dull dialogue. Like Giant, Lee hits the trifecta with an abysmal performance to match his writing and direction. Trying vaguely to mirror the dirty but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo with Bleek's Joe Buck, he adopts limp and even the moment "I'm walking here" from Midnight Cowboy. In this case, you would like the taxi to take him to his destination and do it. <br /> <br /> Lee's script is all lukewarm discussion, heavy ribs and veiled insults with a bit awkward editorialization that Lee has to inject to stay down. The scenes between the band members in the backstage and in the rehearsals lack sparkle and are only overcome in sadness by the conversations of Bleek, Giant who look ad-lib and go in circles. Completing this disguise is Lee's pretentious visual style. Tracking shots, zooming and panning are wasted and meaningless for scenes. They wander. <br /> <br /> The blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (implied by the mountains of memorabilia hanging on all the sets) and it's all a sentimental trap that lacks passion and verve. Jazz on the film is best served by Tavernier's "Round Midnight" and "Bird" by Eastwood that reach below the surface, reveal more sides of the shape, the pain behind it as well as offering infinitely superior performance from Forrest Whitaker and the real deal Dexter Gordon. This Spike Lee joint doesn't even offer a slight buzz. It's a bad homegrown.
