I'm normally a Spike Lee fan. It takes some time to really get into his "mojo", but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is close to him, Lee is a genius. Unlike The 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films of him), there was no clear story in this film. I was able to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or to be influenced by others, but for some strange reason Lee was never able to get the real feeling. Washington did a decent job with what was delivered to him, but it could be said that this was not Lee's favorite movie. Lee did not direct this film, but he also wrote it. It could be said. The work with the camera was horrible and the writing only contributed to the decadence of the film. The film was coming to the starting point and it wouldn't have been nice. Lee was not 100% behind this film as it was with Do the Right Thing. Of all the films I saw directed by Lee, this was the brightest and most modest of his films. It was almost as if he had made a Hollywood movie instead of one that was all his own. I don't know if he saw the money from Do the Right Thing and it worked with it, or what? but this film has not shown its true talent. <br /> <br /> For all those who have seen this movie and maybe stopped watching anything directed by Spike Lee later on because of this movie, I suggest you give it a second chance. Don't get me wrong, I see exactly where you come from with this movie and why you want to put it all behind you, but Lee grows. His work becomes more his, and you can see the transformation from the desire to make money just wanting to make good movies. It took me a while to watch The 25th now, but when I did, it was an absolute brilliance. Perhaps it was the actors, perhaps the story, but Lee made a fantastic film based on a man's journey into the unknown. I guess it's what I hoped Mo 'Better Blues would turn out to be. This journey is really dark in the life of a man who never grew up, but instead all I got was Denzel in Denzel. He is indeed one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him the Sydney Poitier of cinema, but this was not the film to show his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with this film was the use of Spike's sister who played one of the love interests. I don't know about you and your family, but I don't think I could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. I don't care who the actor is or how much money they pay me, I never would. It's just something I never want to see, but apparently it's different for Spike. He went ahead and showed the full nude image of his sister without any remorse. It was sad and even made me blush. Besides, I need someone to answer me. What was Flavor Flav doing by introducing this film? So, I'm sitting there on my couch, ready to start the film, when suddenly there's a voice from the past that explains the studio that made this film, then recognizes itself. This did not create a stronghold of history. Once again, I felt that Lee was looking for money for this film rather than for real talent. Maybe that's how he could afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same film without explosions. <br /> <br /> There were two great scenes in this film that made it worth watching until the end. Don't get me wrong, this was a bad movie, but there's always a diamond in every alley. The scene in which Bleek casually forgets the woman with whom he is fascinated. He kept going back and forth, weaving the truth in confusion in a way that showed that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the fray because of the remaining poor scenes. The other scene that was worth seeing was the way Lee presented and finished the film. Maintaining the same pace and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character around the starting point and give him the chance to change his life. Besides these two moments, the rest of the film was pure garbage, it's not worth seeing if you're not going to go blind. <br /> <br /> Vote: ** out of *****
