There are two groups of people ... those who love all the Fellini films they see and normal people. While I will admit that I really liked some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can't stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just an instinctive reaction: I saw most of Fellini's films and I also saw many films of the most famous directors in the world. With this in mind, I feel that the most exaggerated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both rejoiced at the bizarre and often unwatchable, yet they received a series of appreciations from the reviewers and the "intelligensia", while the average person could never participate in some of their films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema would generally be left out in the cold when he sees some of these films. So, since only a small clique watches their films and are already predisposed to see directors like geniuses, it's not surprising that their films are so often praised - it's like a cult! If you don't believe me, think of many Godard films like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or what do you think of FELLINI SATYRICON or GIULIETTA DEGLI SPIRITI? These films are full of boredom, strangeness and incomprehensibility. Now I am NOT saying that a film cannot be strange (after all I love HAPPINESS OF THE KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be watchable! <br /> <br /> Now in this movie. Somehow, Fellini managed to make a story about a completely boring and intoxicating sexually compulsive man. It is not a small task: it took a lot of work to make it so unwatchable. Instead of cheap sexual thrills, the sexual acts are choreographed in a foolish and annoying way while the character of Casanova is buried under tricks and prostheses so much that Donald Sutherland looks like a demon. I know that some of these must have been Fellini's intentions, but many viewers will be completely bored by this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all little known in Italian and therefore neither seems nor seems like himself! Unfortunately, when the movie isn't wrapped in these boring sexual escapades, there's really nothing else to look at. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual achievement shown in this boring film is that the actress looks incredibly a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Considering that in addition to this, in the previous decades Fellini had played characters like a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems that he really hated his wife and is showing it on the screen. I read a little about them and their stormy relationship and it seems that it seems so too. This is the only aspect of this turgid film that I found not at all interesting. Don't say I didn't warn you!
