Six GIs are about to be sent home and dumped, get drunk and sneak into a cult meeting in Asia. Surrounded by hooded figures, two male dancers pretend to quarrel. Behind them, on an altar, a woven basket is opened and a painted figure emerges and begins to imitate a snake, finally biting one of the dancers on the neck. The imitation snake is dressed in a pair of body tights. (This is definitely a female imitation snake.) The cult member who sneaked them into the secret meeting repeatedly warned the six men that the ceremonies should not be interrupted and, surely, they should not take photos, otherwise they will hunt down and kill. Of course, the GIs take a flash photo, send cult members to an angry hysteria, steal the "snake" basket and escape with it in the Asian night. <br /> <br /> One of the boys, the most offensive and snarky, dies from a cobra bite on his neck, although no one can explain how the snake entered his hospital room. <br /> <br /> Back in New York, everything looks rather old as the resigned men settle into their civilian lives, still maintaining their bond with each other. Their works go from the manager of a bowling alley (David Janssen) to graduate as a research student (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a beautiful blonde friend. Kelly is a slightly reckless womanizer. But they get along pretty well and everyone looks happy. <br /> <br /> Then a dark woman appears, apparently mysterious in appearance (Faith Domergue) and Marshall Thompson takes a liking to her and insinuates her into the group. <br /> <br /> Guess what happens. The first Janssen is terrified of a shadow in the back seat and dies in a car accident. So Kelly gets a visit from Domergue. Something scares him so much that he falls through the window and dies in the fall on the sidewalk. Long and Dobson begin to suspect what the viewer already knows - that Domergue had something to do with the deaths. They also think that maybe he's turning into a cobra, which is the case. Dobson confronts her with her suspicions and she demonstrates her point. <br /> <br /> At this point, Long and Thompson are completely overwhelmed, in particular Thompson, who is in love with Domergue and has discovered he is attracted to him, too, even though he must explain to her what "love" is . It does not matter. A last reckless attack by the cobra woman against Long's girlfriend - not one of the six original criminals - and Thompson must throw the snake out the window. On the floor below, the body changes to that of Domergue. The end. <br /> <br /> I think I will skip most of the questions the plot raises. I will mention only one of the most prosaic of passage. Who paid the Domergue rate somewhere in Asia in New York? Who pays his bills at the hotel? Who paid for his spectacular wardrobe? Why do you speak American English so well? What the hell is going on? The writers and the director have clearly seen some of Val Lewton's modest horror films and, although not much effort has been made in this production, they have no doubt snubbed some Lewton gimmicks. In "The Cat People" by Lewton, for example, the woman is transformed into a black leopard but, with one small exception, the threat is always kept in the shadows and is even more disturbing. Most transformations here also use shadows, but unlike Lewton, the shadows are clumsy and unmistakable. Lewton also made occasional use of what he called "buses". Lewton's first "bus" was literal. A potential victim rushes alone through the dark tunnels of Central Park with only the sound of footsteps. Something or someone is following her. It freezes with fear under a lamppost. Something makes the branches of the bushes rustle above her. She looks up. There is a loud, hissing scream that makes your hair stand on end. It's a bus that uses its air brakes to stop for you. The producers have used at least two "buses" in this film and represent nothing. A guy is walking absently through an intersection, for example, and there's the sudden roar of a truck that almost hits him. It is not set for shooting. He's stuck with a shoe horn. <br /> <br /> I don't really care about films that perpetuate the stereotype of snakes as slimy, ugly, poisonous and phallic. In fact, no snake is slimy, most are harmless and many are extraordinarily beautiful. Furthermore, they are more feminine than the masculine in their sinuous movements and in the serpentine approach to the objectives. Do you want a reptile symbol for masculinity? Try a six-line racerunner. It's a really fast lizard. When he sees something to eat, he rushes and swallows it. <br /> <br /> However, if you want to see some pretty scary low-budget movies, don't worry about it. Find "The Cat People" or one of Lewton's other small masterpieces, of which this is an obvious copy.
