Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film that turns to white supremacy, the inconsistencies of its main character, Bronson Green, aspiring New York actor, has easily transformed LAFony, makes it difficult to take history seriously . Green, who is constantly rejected by Los Angeles casting agents to be obsolete (ie even New York when the 80s are looking for big, blond and stupid), finds that success comes easily when he is willing to give up to the falsification of his image. Unfortunately, the new hair dye and the pacified attitude of the "surfer" provide him with an opportunity for acting with the Church of Jericho, which endorses the teaching of the white suprematism of the Aryan nation. Green is willing to easily forget his past and, in particular, turns his back on his ten year old black friend to be the new spokesman for the Church. This makes no sense, given how initially he is our character. This is sudden, and the change of character, combined with a sharp return to the temperate, obsessed by DeNiro (like his character Taxi Driver) who is able to fight against the bad guys. A noble attempt for filmmakers, but which eventually turns out to be anything but serious. <br /> <br /> The other characters are also rather annoying and what we are forced to recognize in them comes too easily - the psychotic paranoia of the Church leader, the interested actress girlfriend (the first girlfriend Bronson has when he is at Los Angeles), and the new blonde girlfriend who lacks the character, is, for the most part, just walking, talking empty. We should just see them in fleeting moments when something random forces us to make assumptions about the characters. But there is very little development of any of these. <br /> <br /> The other problem with this film is the amount of unreal time in which the characters are involved in very unimportant actions. Much of the beginning concerns the introduction of the characters, of course, and then we see the difficulties of Bronson in breaking out in the acting scene of L.A. and the frustrations that result from constant rejection. But after having voluntarily changed his appearance and his personality to be accepted, there are at least twenty good minutes for thirty minutes of wasted film in which very little happens. <br /> <br /> For films seeking to draw attention to irrational fears behind racism, this has not been done with sufficient credibility.
