I'll probably really want to hate this movie - I guess I didn't approach it with the right nostalgia for the dew eyes of the generation before me. But suffice it to say that St Elmo's Fire was pretty lousy, even with regards to the Brat Pack movies. <br /> <br /> Here is another beautiful example of the smug and self-indulgent neurosis that is throughout the 80s RENT, anyone?) The plot is practically non-existent and the philosophies are at most kitchy, poorly delivered the rest of the time. The complete lack of something that looks like nice characters doesn't help the situation. There was really no growth, no forward movement. Even the scene of culminating suicide was effectively neutralized by refusing once again to let death or something like reality or adult life enter. <br /> <br /> Each cookie cutter figure simply makes you hate in the blandest, most predictable way possible. The Stalker is a creep for no visible reason besides he is a Stalker and Andie MacDowell is gorgeous. The Assassin does everything in his power to constantly remind you that he is, well, an idiot. The Gorgeous Slut hides a deep and profound pain with a wild lifestyle. The moods and peaks of the poet around a full 3/4 of the film until it can reveal (!) It is actually full of teddy bears and sun and rainbows. The Virgin finally becomes a happy and happy human being, after having obtained the desire of every Virgin to have a hot roll in the bag with a Jackass before he sends her to really change (for real this time). The Cheating Bastard cheats until it's time for him to be caught. And in the end The Feminist goes around making holy water on any soul that pronounces "commitment". <br /> <br /> Which brings me to my last flesh: what super-cement bond was holding these people together as friends? I can't imagine being alone with one of them ... Now think of the vortex created by all that bar-centered narcissism. And they were all so terrible to each other: heads in the bathrooms, close to rape, and sleeping around with everrrone. The icing after two best friends behaved like a baboon after fucking the feminist, she's like, "umm, I really don't want to be with any of you anymore. We become friends! And we can go out in a totally unexpected way every day knowing that I could connect with one or the other at any point, but none of you is satisfactory enough for the commitment (NOT THAT WORD!). "And everyone smiles as if to say" Golly, I never thought about that! What nice idea!" <br /> <br /> Only it's not. Not so in watching this movie.
