Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted brothers who share an apartment and love for many things: ballroom dancing, musicals from the 1940s movie and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by his new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters turns out to be one of the blandest movies I've ever seen. It is boring, predictable, little fun, misinterpreted and badly written. Nothing on it seemed real and everything was very rough. Furthermore, this is not a romantic comedy with a special touch but more of a "coming out" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with romantic things and the second half serious with actual acceptance and the emerging part. Unfortunately, he failed miserably. The first half was largely unattractive and only Heather Graham could handle it a bit. Then, the film took on an embarrassing tone and became serious. The serious scenes were badly managed and all the emotions felt false. <br /> <br /> I think the film would have liked me a little more if the relationships between the characters were more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak and did not seem to be so close. Their relationship did not seem very natural. Moreover, the relationship between Tom and Bridget felt very unnatural. If two people get married after they have known each other for less than a week, then you would expect to see a little more excitement, but the characters have talked about getting married in Las Vegas in the same way as asking a waiter about special offers. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to get involved in the film with such unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> The acting was mostly weak, which was a bit surprising given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good interpretation of the film. It was fun and had some fascinating scenes, but it's a shame that all his co-stars were real jokes. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance sounded false at every level. Besides, he seemed to be reading his lines. Thomas Cavanagh was rather wooden and showed almost no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was non-existent and this damaged the film because their relationship seemed false. I can usually count on Molly Shannon to be fun in a supporting role, but here it was simply boring. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both. Finally, Alan Cumming just had an awkward character and his performance wasn't very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame film and not worth looking at. Evaluation 3/10
