I had to come out in this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... after going through the stage cringe and becoming pure boredom. What really upsets me, I really mean it troubles me, is that there are people who refer to this inept aimlessly as "delicious" or "to see". I would have felt a profound pity for those who were so afflicted, were it not for the clear impression that most of the positive comments about this superficial disguise and without humor were written by industrial plants. <br /> <br /> The truth is that this is a lame film that does nothing to entertain or enlighten. It's definitely not funny, badly written and has all the rhythm and energy of cold and canned rice pudding. To be nice to Mrs. Kramer, the best can be said was a missed opportunity, for reading the synopsis before looking at it, I was expecting something more challenging. The possible misinterpretations of a close co-dependence on brother and sister, the unexpected reawakening of "sister" sexuality and the comic potential in this fraternal rivalry (for the affections of the same girl) were all obvious arguments to refresh the comic exploration , yet at every turn the film goes away frustratingly. <br /> <br /> Instead, the public is subjected to a snaking series of uninspired and insipid situations, with cliché characterizations and boring performances by a cast that struggles to believe and obviously in need of a much narrower direction. The lack of control of the director seems surprising; on the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek all give very pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the latter in particular - sometimes turn towards embarrassing excessive compensation. The director could be blamed - perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors shake excessively, they will force a bigger laugh out of the audience. But then again, the cast is a veteran; one would expect them to do better. <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about the kind of film she wants to make and about who. Given the possible problems to which Gray Matters alludes, and given his inability or reluctance to explore them completely in the context of a play, perhaps she should consider writing dramas. I know it is never easy to make films about women and women's problems, especially when they hope to reach a wider audience than single women, but whatever direction they take, insignificant and inconsistent characters like Gray will not cut mustard.
