This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You shouldn't see this movie but if you insist on wasting your time you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brothers and sisters; live together in the eyes of all as men and women. No sex but just everything else. At the beginning, the film begins with its theme: "the most absurd thing in the most absurd moment with which you guessed the most absurd reactions". Gray and Sam decided to take a look at the park with a borrowed dog. Rather, he urges his brother to take the skinny on the first woman they see for him, he does it and even comes to the most aggressive questions. When he signals his brother to come, he starts a 3-way date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of THEIR dreams, like all the right things etc ?? Sam's final hits Gray in the head and the couple finishes the date with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepts! In a week Charlie, Gray and Sam will be in Las Vegas. In the following week Charlie and Gray are shopping for wedding dresses (apparently Charlie has a figure outside the box). Gray is licking a frozen milk when Charlie suggests that Gray also try on some clothes and chooses a $ 10,000 suit. While Charlie is zipping her in this "house down" dress, Gray continues to mumble on milk (I swear it was like a feed bag). What should happen, but "woops!" milk on the whole dress. It is never explained how they came out of Bloomingdale's bridal salon with a $ 10,000 coffee-colored dress. Back to reality? Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. They have the 'high roller room' (is Sam a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist? Were they all paid?) Gray kicks Sam in the single room down the hall so she and Charlie can have a goodbye hen drink-a-thon were, you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nada. They reach the chapel for weddings and just when the reverend arrives at his joke "If there is someone here who has some objections to the union of these two lovebirds" Gray gets sobbing. Gray apologizes, for some reason the reverend must repeat his last line and queue for the "hiccups" again. Gray returns to New York and starts hanging out with any man he meets, literally. And of course you guessed it again! Gay. The other is an idiot and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is struck by Gray but feelings are not returned. They become great friends. This is good because when she is cleaned with Sam about the kiss. He explodes and drives her away from their apartment. When Sam comes back to himself, he goes to his office. Gray works at an advertising agency. This office is in the middle of the twilight zone. It has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that broadcast to all agency computer monitors. Sam gets Gray in one of the conference rooms for a not so private conversation and ends up taking her to the office. This is where I doubt there was a homosexual or a lesbian in the crew: Gordy comes to her aid and convinces her to go to a bar for lesbians. "Sorry, no," says the bouncer. Then Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in drag. Bad resistance. She was wearing a black sleeveless blouse similar to a satin, a pearl necklace and a grandmother's church hat. No lesbian would ever confuse this 'man in a suit' like a drag queen, much less a woman. The bar was also the fantasy of the straight man of what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything is peachy ?? she returns home with her client's company. Gray seems to be on the woman's behalf and eventually does more and then kisses. For some reason no one says anything to Charlie and she is forgotten about the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but this is the sequel.
