When watching a movie as silly as 'Hot Rod', do you have to sit back, relax and change your intellectual capacity in a similar state? which is, in this case, a confused state enough to withstand a mindless nonsense that was somehow mistaken for comedy. With a short run time of 88 minutes, this movie has long been pulled out and buried under a bundle of repetitive lines ?? jokes that came to a minority and weren't even fun in the first place. The basic material of "Hot Rod" is as superficial and irrelevant as the 2004 cult film "Napoleon Dynamite", although it is much more elaborate and comes without ANY of the laughter. In fact, the film's blatant despair of being compared to "Napoleon Dynamite" is contemptuous and offensive, and left me speechless, instead of just being annoyed. <br /> <br /> The film, if one has been forced to call it is so, poses a petty story that confronts the self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble, with the insignificant intention of skipping fifteen buses (one more than the his idol Evel Knievel jumped, so we were told by Rod) and raised $ 50,000 for his stepfather's upcoming life-saving cardiac operation; everything so he could fight his stepfather, once he healed, and get his respect ?? because to earn respect, you have to fight them first. Eh? Everything. Each character is no more interesting than Rod's stylized mustache, and from the opening line of the film to its ridiculous conclusion, each scene has sounded like a senseless, and terribly unjustified, SNL skit ?? which, with the addition of 85 more minutes, is essentially what "Hot Rod" wants to be. <br /> <br /> The film's star, Andy Samberg, contributed to the screen he exercised observably until the last drop of his comic abilities. Unfortunately ?? rather, realistically ?? his humorous talents are no more admirable than those of a five-year-old boy who tells his own exhausted joke that somewhere includes innocent poo and pee gags. And if this is disappointing, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands and get ready for the real blow: it's the film's humor! To save them from their mortification, will I willingly omit the horror of the roles of Samberg's co-stars and leave the second third of the Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, to her non-existent talent as a director? or a comedian. Basically, everything that could be done to further trample a thrilling comedy is perfectly represented here; and done so arrogantly, as if the movie were more fun that way. Do you make to believe that there is even a single laugh in this pile, or give yourself another movie ?? ANY other movie.
