This film cannot decide if its message is "human beings are bad and bad and animals are sweet and beyond reproach" or "never go into the water again". A fisherman (Nolan) is about to catch a killer whale, a very bad thing, but when accidentally (I report ACCIDENTALLY) he hits a pregnant cow instead of his partner, the cow - and I use the word in every sense - who is obviously a crazy psychopathic sick and the canonical criminal of the piece - he throws himself against the propellers that try to chew themselves to pieces in the most frightening and horrible way to kill themselves. (I doubt it was his first). When his fetus does not abort his horrible self-inflicted wounds, his partner becomes mentally avenging and swears to hurt, kill and mutilate every human who even talks to Nolan. Obviously, among humans, total psychopaths attend other total psychotics. <br /> <br /> The film gives off a semi-heavy anti-human message, "the poor poor whale !! the evil men must suffer and die!" yet, it fails to demonize Nolan at all. It is true that when he began, his motives were selfish and cruel, but at the first squeak of the first whale a heart grows and, as the film progresses, it becomes more and more compassionate for the whale's pain, until it seems that it will walk out on the ice and go for the whale, just to make it feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The last trip film, in which Nolan follows the whale in a bizarre journey north, reminds me of Melville's mysterious connection between man and whale, and for a moment he hinted at a really interesting conclusion, in which these two husbands could connect, even understand to respect each other in their own pain, because even Nolan had lost his wife and unborn child. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels his loss. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses this concentration and becomes Jaws-like where the sea monster finally kills everyone and Nolan and undoubtedly through an oversight, fails to attack the whaling (which made a good shot for his head a little earlier.) I love animals, and I hate whaling, and most of all I love orca whales, but if the purpose of this film was to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and detestable has completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and tries for others, and the whole whale thinks of killing and mutilating. <br /> <br /> The only message you can leave is "If you see an orca whale, always, anywhere, run the other way because if you pass on its FIN the wrong way, it will hunt you down to the end of the earth, destroying everything around you. "
