Many have claimed that Orca ?? Killer Whale is a rip off of Jaws. This is not true, although Jaws' enormous commercial success has undoubtedly made these men. beast stories more interesting proposals for directors in the second half of the 70s. Killer whale ?? Killer Whale would be best described as a modern reconstruction of Moby Dick. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand the obsessive search for a whale to avenge the death of his companion; on the other, the obsessive search for a bounty hunter to kill the whale before he can claim other lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale shows a very disappointing film, his fundamentally interesting ideas are somehow ruined by a hammam's performances and an absurd plot. <br /> <br /> Shark Hunter Nolan (Richard Harris) meets a marine life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a great white shark, but a Killer Whale arrives just in time to stop the shark. After this, Nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing a Killer Whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans backfire when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of the species while the shocked male watches. Rachel tells Nolan that a Killer Whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a memory and strong feelings just like a human being. Worse still, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember his pain and will do everything he can to take revenge. Initially Nolan tries to forget the whole deplorable accident, but the whale causes havoc in the fishing town and the disgruntled locals begin to ask Nolan to put him in the sea to track him down and destroy him. Eventually Nolan is forced to chase the killer whale ?? the hunt leads to the desolate ice floes of the Arctic Ocean, where the man and the beast challenge the last fatal battle against each other. <br /> <br /> There are two features of this film. Uno is the haunting soundtrack of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all time, his talents wasted on various tenth level clunkers in the 70s and 80s). The other is the extraordinary panoramic photo by Ted Moore, which makes the film always pleasing to the eye. In every other department, the Orca ?? Killer Whale is a poor movie that does nothing to improve the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris appears extremely ill throughout the film, with tousled hair, black rings around his eyes and deadly pale skin. His performance lacks the usual vitality. Rampling hits a lot of sexy poses but fails to convince with his lengthy and ill-informed explanations of the ways of whales. The rest of the actors are wasted in short and undeveloped roles, the most memorable of which sees Bo Derek getting his leg bitten by the vengeful whale. The plot is total nonsense from beginning to end, with such absurd sequences as the whale that deliberately triggered a fire in the fishing village that submerges and destroys the local refinery! Although it is credible to suppose that whales are intelligent creatures with genuine emotions, the idea that a whale can plot revenge against a single human adversary and carry it on so calculated is absolutely absurd. Killer whale ?? Killer Whale is really one for the completers of the man. beast cycle since the late 1970s. Most will come out of the movie shaking their heads in disbelief and grinding their teeth in despair.
