I saw this movie on the Hallmark Channel recently. In my opinion, the film started pretty well, but eventually it became harsh. <br /> <br /> The story: an American soldier in Afghanistan receives one of the Christmas cards that a woman in the United States sent to the troops for Christmas. He becomes so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels he has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When he is given leave, he goes to the city where the woman lives. She comes across a spunky young woman and eventually discovers that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and after saving his father (a veteran of the Vietnam war) from being hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decides to let him in for a while. We learn that he doesn't have a family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season by working with them in their timber company. The family comes to love him and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the daughter of the family, the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. He already has a serious relationship with a man he is in love with. It is also a long distance relationship. The boy is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travels to France for forced labor and the great outdoors. The woman prefers the latter. Throughout the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle" while the woman's boyfriend returns to the city to visit her for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want her daughter to be with the soldier and mom basically wants what's best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman is getting closer to the soldier, since she has a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. Gradually she becomes attracted to her person. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him again. Now it's so confusing! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him one day, but she has become so fond of the soldier. Soon, the boy (who doesn't know about the kiss, but is very protective of the woman and thinks the soldier tried to move in with her) decides to propose to the woman and she accepts. His plans for their marriage, however, are not plans that she wants. He wants to be home, have children and stay close to his family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places and if they have children, he wants to take them with him. This does not seem too exciting for the woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he did and does not want to make things worse. So, he decides to leave the city, although his father is pushing him to stay and stay with his daughter. Everything comes to mind when, on Christmas Eve with the Church, we discover that the soldier has not yet left. The boy and the woman talk to each other outside and he, with a broken heart, decides to let her go and break with her. The film ends with the woman and the soldier reuniting. <br /> <br /> Things I like: I like the soldier in most of the movie. He is fundamentally kind and polite, with a strong sense of doing good to others; there are moments when the family goes with the Church and participates in charitable causes; the family holds hands and prays during a dinner at the table; the father and the mother have a lasting and evidently healthy marriage; the soldier tries to do the right thing in a situation after doing something very wrong <br /> <br /> Things I don't like: in this film there is a typical "love triangle" story; the soldier becomes acid as he slowly and subtly enters the woman and then finally kisses her when he already has a boyfriend; most of the family practically applauds this behavior: the family goes with the Church and participates in services, yet that is how they act; there is a bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed that the film went on, and it got worse and worse. I ended up quickly submitting the film because I had enough. So the film started off decent with some joyful moments, but it ended up ruining itself. Therefore, I do not recommend this film to anyone.
