Orca begins as the crusty Irish sea captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew are trying to catch a great white shark so they can sell it for a lot of money, unfortunately when an unfortunate marine biologist called Ken (Robert Carradine) comes attacked by it The shark is killed by a killer whale, this raises Nolan's interest in Killer Whales and decides he wants to capture one instead. However, while trying to do so, he takes a pregnant female and injures himself in the fact that he aborts his unborn fetus on the deck that makes a mess and his partner rages, Nolan orders that the whale is discharged into the sea, which is what happens. The male Killer Whale is annoyed to say the least and kills one of Nolan's crew members before they reach the Newfoundland mainland in Canada, once there the Killer Whale conducts a series of attacks on the city and the people in an attempt to attract Nolan back in the sea for a fight to the death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought that this brazen brazenness was terrible, I'm sorry but I thought it was simply ridiculous and absolutely boring even with a modest 90 odd minutes. Producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati's screenplay is so stupid that I got lost in words, the fact that it seems to take itself very seriously does not help and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling continues to talk about just how clever the Killer Whale are just another I will scream. I'm sorry, but I just don't think a Killer Whale is smart enough to know who a particular boat belongs to and sink it, I don't think a Killer Whale can cause a big explosion including beating an oil lantern from a wall on the opposite side strikes because there is no way on earth that he can know he was there, I don't think a Killer Whale can identify someone's house, know that someone is in there and then destroy it on purpose, I don't think a Killer Whale can move icebergs around trapping a boat, I don't think Killer Whales can physically recognize people and I don't think he has any instinct for revenge or at least no one that is as strong as this silent movie. Maybe I'm a little tough, I mean it's just a movie after all but it's a movie that is trying to be serious and things have become so ridiculous that I almost expected the Killer Whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and his hand (or should it be the fin?) deliver it, it seems smart enough to do just about anything else. They should have asked him to find a cure for colds! Seriously, this is a statement that is no more exaggerated than anything else in this film. I found the film very boring, totally boring and had a terrible character with no screen presence. It goes without saying that this is a rip-off by Jaws (1975) that does not even come close to the Spielberg classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is certainly not a Spielberg, this garbage film has absolutely no suspense, fear, tension or atmosphere. All the attack scenes are boring like rainwater and totally forgettable, there is nothing to be gained and practically no reward because Orca cannot eat one person. Then there are the scenes that literally made me laugh, the shots of Killer Whale that seem to cry are the pure comedy and the opening scenes of the two Killer Whales that I suspect I tried to show them as a "loving" and "caring" couple but I couldn't help you, but you think this is the closest movie we can ever get on Killer Whale porn, hilarious stuff. The movie of the same Killer Whales is tasteless and boring, instead of the movie that combines and improves the scenes around it, it seems only a documentary film of a wild nature that has little connection with something else. Do you have the impression that I don't like this movie? Good. Forget any death or decent death, there is a brief scene in which Bo Derek has nibbled legs but blinks and you will miss him. <br /> <br /> He probably had a rather large budget and still sucks, there is nothing exceptional about Orca, it is well done I suppose but flat, tasteless and totally forgettable. The cinematography is however quite pretty. The acting is bad, Rampling is horrible and the Irish accent of the late Harris is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Orca is a lousy rip-off of Jaws that completely ignores or messes up everything that made the Spielberg movie so good, this is one for lovers of bad movies all over the world. Definitely not recommended, even if not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
