THE FBI STORY (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minutes of epic homage to the famous criminal investigation agency! From a Don Whitehead book came a somewhat laborious script by Richard L. Green and John Twist and was directed with a pinch of talent by Mervyn LeRoy. However he had a splendid color cinematography of Joseph Biroc and a useful soundtrack of the musical wizard of the studio Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> The film shows the history of the Bureau from its beginnings in the 1920s to modern times and all seen through the memories of the aging of the meticulous agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) as he relates his investigative experiences - in flashbacks - with a class of young agents in the grass. But it's all very verbose and episodic! And as he progresses he begins to look like a mini TV series instead of an important film production, since the young Hardesty handles American crime by hiring criminal characters known as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger etc. evil organizations like the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spies and the red threat. And here it must be said that only because of the presence on the screen and the charm of his star, THE FBI STORY would probably have ended up in a forgotten disaster. Also, this is another problem with the image - Stewart is left to bring the whole movie almost alone! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the thankless role of being his suffered but devoted wife - he is surrounded by a cast of minor players! In all you find yourself halfway waiting for someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to welcome you like a gangster or a police chief or something. But nothing as imaginative as it ever happens! Sin! <br /> <br /> The film still manages to take a good look inside the operation of the Bureau! With the help of Stewart's narrative we learn the thousands of men and women who work for the organization that includes the hundreds of agents in the field. And we are also treated to take a peek at the headquarters that houses the giant record section and we also get a taste of the chemists and fingerprint experts who meticulously perform their daily chores. <br /> <br /> Another advantage for the film is Max Steiner's remarkable score! Heard about the titles is a powerful, stimulating and determined march, while for the most delicate moments of the photo there is an attractive love theme. But the theme of the threatening and disturbing march for the Ku Klux Klan sequence is rather ingenious. And even better is the Latin American rhythmic music that the composer wrote for the South American scenes, in particular the exciting Fandango-type orchestrations for the arrival of federal troops on horseback. THE FBI STORY was one of the five soundtracks that the composer wrote in 1959, including Samuel Bronston's naval epic "John Paul Jones", the charming Rom-com "Cash McCall", the seminal western of Delmer Daves "The Hanging Tree "and Daves" A Summer Place "from which the Young Love theme was derived - which was to become a successful soundtrack for Steiner better known as" Theme From A Summer Place ". <br /> <br /> THE FBI STORY talks about passages like movies thanks to Biroc's rich cinematographic photography, the wonderful music of Steiner and of course Jimmie Stewart that makes everything look watchable! <br /> <br /> Classic but implausible line from THE FBI STORY ............. As the bland Nick Adams (who just blew up a plane with 43 people on board , including his mother) is taken away handcuffed, turns to the arresting officer and says: "In case you get any mail, you can send it to Canyon City prison for the next month or so - after which you can send it to HELL" . Wow!
