This is a fascinating film, especially for film and historical fans (I am both). Unfortunately, during the first half of the twentieth century, black Americans were not usually allowed into white theaters. As a result, theaters that turned to the black audience wanted to show films that reflect the Black's experience and show black actors. In many cases, the films were substantially similar in plot to those in Hollywood, but with a much lower budget - and usually horrible production values. You can't really criticize the filmmakers - they simply didn't have the money and resources available for the average film company. As a result, they had to deal with much less, including over-reliance on the serial actors that were seen over and over again, with no money for the shooting scenes and the need to finish the films QUICKLY! This film tried very hard to be a black version of a Gene Autry film - starring Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a light-skinned man of mixed descent and he starred in many similar cowboy movies. In each, sing a little, fight a little (though VERY badly) and love a little - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is STILL alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was indiscernible from an image of Autry - complete with anachronistic elements like West's telephones! The problem is that despite its similarities, the low budget shines. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) skidded a few lines but left it, the fighting scenes were totally devoid of graphics and were among the worst ever staged, there were some strange holes in the plot, no it was background music (the strangely silent film) and the acting was pretty horrible. <br /> <br /> Now this does NOT mean that the film is not worth seeing - only that these are technical problems that prevent the highest score. One reviewer, oddly enough, scored this movie at 10! How this can be with all the problems is beyond me. However, I can understand a person who loves the film despite its many problems. The plot is generally quite good, the characters are nice, the musical numbers are excellent and you know that the people who made the film were so difficult to prove AND it's a very important piece of American history. But a 10!? <br /> <br /> By the way, in a strange casting piece, Jefferies very tall, thin and almost white-skinned is paired with Mantan Moreland, short, stocky and exceptionally dark .... like his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams may be familiar to you. He played Andy on TV "Amos' n Andy".
