Although there are some fragments in this four-part documentary that alludes to the need for reform of the recreational drug law, these are not very well developed, in contrast to many fragments of those who believe that the drugs that are currently illegal are a scourge for which the only conceivable solution is the incarceration even of those who are guilty even of the mere possession of such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although this program, as a whole, leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely a useless exercise and a waste of money, and therefore deserves praise, almost nothing in this documentary he addresses the very real problems that total war against those who simply possess illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to - very real problems that most Drug Warriors themselves would tell you that, if asked, they think the war to the drug is designed to solve. For example, while many minutes are spent on increasing the violence associated with the growing popularity of cocaine crack in the 1980s, at no point does this program suggest that the same laws aimed at suppressing crack cocaine make it impossible for drug sellers enforce their contracts and commercial agreements in the courts, forcing them to resort to violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing the laws as an important cause of violence, the same drugs seem to take on the burden of guilt. Inexplicably, the ban on alcohol, the ensuing violence and the consequent reversal of the ban are totally ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug addicts, and it is these that are the primary force in driving the very costly and problematic drug war. The possibility of incorporating non-alcohol drugs into a happy and successful life is not really affected. The use of any excess drugs will probably cause personal problems, but not all users make their drugs in excess, just as not all alcoholics are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want a point of view from someone who believes that adults have the moral right not to be imprisoned and that their lives are ruined by the criminal justice system only for the use of drugs that the government, for mostly arbitrary political reasons rather than reasons based on sound social policies and legitimate sciences, has decided to totally ban, whose users have decided not to wage a war so metaphorically, just forget about it. None of this is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this does not fall into the category of anti-drug propaganda. It is above all an interesting drug history presented in a neutral way in the United States of the 20th century such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is a significant element of the views of various people regarding drug laws, and most (but not all) of this is not very thoughtful or well-informed and inclined in favor of the drug warrior's mentality, especially concerning drugs other than marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with its often often ruinous penalties, is obviously not the only answer or most appropriate answer to every single social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of disease not yet named whose main symptoms are lack of imagination with regard to social policy when dealing with certain drugs, a lack of compassion for other humans, a prejudice against those who use drugs that are not approved by the government , perhaps a vested interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and a horrendous apathy towards human dignity. It is morally wrong to seize or imprison people unless you have a very good reason for doing so, and simply owning an arbitrarily chosen group of drugs is clearly not a reason. This is really the main problem when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So, in summary, the parts of this program that present the story in a neutral way without feeding the stereotypes of drug addicts at the heart of the drug war mentality is pretty good, interesting and fun . But when it comes to presenting a non-radical rational point of view regarding drug policy and giving observers examples not only of people with drug problems but also of many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives , it is rather disappointing.
