I almost saw it in a real cinema (an arthouse theater, no less!), But I didn't make it in that whole week, but yesterday I finally saw it on cable and ... well ... I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: STILL ANOTHER BOMB! When will this woman learn? When will they learn their studies? (Or maybe they've already done it, since this movie was mostly downloaded, with little fanfare and deadly word of mouth.) It is hoped to be directed by her talented husband, who created an interesting and / or terribly funny job, may bring the same quality that Madonna showed in "Desperately Seeking Susan"; alas, it is not destined to be, because she is here, at her worst: singularly convinced of her own greatness, the complacency that permeates every shot she finds herself in, made even more unbearable by her fake-British accent, an accent that only underlines the fact that his speaking voice is of immature quality and not particularly pleasant. It may seem unnecessarily cruel, but LISTEN to the woman and LOOK at her films, say, in the last decade: like Bette Davis of the last days, there is an unmistakable fragility not only for her carriage, but for her own face and body, which here, despite the warm photograph shown throughout the film (perhaps it is his only saving grace), no favor is done. To his credit, the whole thing is so crazy that one wonders if the greatest actress in the world on his best day can do something with this mess. No one is involved in flight unscathed: Bruce Greenwood really looks pained on the screen, even though poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to behave as if she is in something good, which made me think all the time, "Denial is not just a river in Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, protagonist of the Italian original, "Swept Away ...", is, like his father before him, immensely attractive, and is not entirely bad (despite having won a Razzie nomination for " Worst Actor "), but, like almost all the rest of this production, everything returns to Madonna, on whose shoulders weighs the guilt. Why her? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Only who do you think was behind this remake? Which actress almost wouldn't want every shot of a film centered on her, with only a relative who didn't share the screen? Oh sure, Ritchie deserves a blame: surely he - or someone - NO ONE! - he should have, and could have, taken his protagonist aside and insist on something that verges on the ACTUAL FEELING in his line readings (for his performance is so wooden it is a surprise that the rest of the cast did not get splinters ), or at least shows a semblance of heat ... but it seems resistant to being anything but a cinematic black hole. Above and beyond anything else, this is strictly a project of vanity for his star, so she is ultimately responsible for it. A film like this, a "strange couple", a class war, should be light and fun, with characters that can bounce off each other with witty dialogues, even romantic ones, because what else can a film whose plot involves two disparate people, really? Honestly, I don't think anyone was interested in knowing exactly what they were looking for; it fails either as a comedy (I challenge you to laugh even once) or as a romance (Madonna's ice princess routine precludes ANY chemistry). It's not bad enough for us lovers of bad movies. Such a pity ...
