For years Madonna has tried to demonstrate not only herself, but the eye of the public, that she can act. Unfortunately, trying too hard while failing to lose your personality does not go well. <br /> <br /> It seems to go better when it is NOT the protagonist of any film: if you look at it in support shows in CERCASO SPETTACOLARE SUSAN (1985) or A LEAGUE OF THE PRO PROPRIE (1992), it actually looks good . Since the story revolves around other actors, the weight of the wait is removed by default. <br /> <br /> The problem starts when asked to be the protagonist of a film, regardless of genre. Being the focal point of a storyline that must be told visually, be it good, mediocre or just awful, it must emulate it in ways similar to a real performance of the film rather than a video performance. This is the crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film should fail (because the visual narrative lacked effectiveness in making us relate to it, or because the script was insufficient, or because the actress in itself was not really at her time), there would be a something more in their performances that would elevate the film from being a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their part: Bette, having a longer career than Streep, in a film like BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was that naturalism in the way they both attacked their roles that made us forget the film's banality and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, is not a particularly gifted actress able to really get us into her ability to convey a character different from her, the rates much worse, and even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, in her time of screen pat she seems stilted and a bit stiff, maybe even nervous, as if she were aware of the cameras and the crew and she just couldn't give up . <br /> <br /> So here try again to prove that it can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie, best known for action films full of masculine energy, seems to be adrift by telling a story closer to characters like Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell a story of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes, the events that take place take place so unconvincingly that when the last half hour arrives and the story takes a dramatic turn, it doesn't seem sincere. From being an absolute witch without saving values ​​to being suddenly in love, this must be the most unconvincing 180-degree hit since Fay Dunaway's Laura suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978) . Equally unconvincing is the bad turn of Adriano Giannini in the middle of the film - he lacks humor and feels genuinely psychopathic - and when he gives in to Madonna's love, it is too fast to believe. Turning this with slow music and a visual montage of making love and a beautiful setting do not enrich or add this "transformation" from what would have been a story of survival between unlikely characters and a love story in which both are discovered. /> <br /> Trying to have an unsatisfactory ending also works against the film - it only makes him drag it, bog it down, and when Madonna has to be filmed moving from hope to devastation in a close close-up, she feels she's trying too much. Many actresses have done better to broadcast so much by doing so little. His is a performance more suited to the acting styles of the late 1920s and early 1930s, in which posture compensated as if playing a part or an emotion. <br /> <br /> Could the film have been better? Obviously. There are a myriad of ways to have it shot in a way that would leave the viewer feeling that these people could at least hope to see each other again - it was done before, for example in OVERBOARD (1987). He could have had an existential undertone in which two very different people must rely on each other but not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). Much dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" cinematic look, as in PERSONA (1966). It could also have been something of a thriller, as long as Giannini's character has an evil streak with Billy Zane in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it would have been done as a sex farce, it would have worked better for Madonna as the most eccentric, super-addicted man getting her well-deserved punishment. But with his striated humor, without at least seeing that his character has a softer side hiding behind a bitchdom mask, and without really defining the character of Giannini, this becomes another bonfire trying to look like a battle of the sexes.
