Unless I'm wrong, I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 several years ago and there was a music video, I'm pretty sure it was called Dream Warriors, in the end, and I rented this on DVD hoping the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how the things of the 80s are so fun now, but nothing is more fun than the 1980s video raps. There was this rap group that sang that song Dream Warriors on the VHS version of this movie after the end credits, and they all wore t-shirt denim jackets underneath and tight jeans shorts that were all frayed at the bottom like Daisy Dukes. What could make a group of rap seem more foolish than I can imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) However, I was disappointed to look for that video in the DVD version, so all I had was this mediocre Freddy Krueger series installment. The film begins with the same idea as part 2, with the main character witnessing all sorts of gruesome murders and then leaves the trance and finds himself with bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house where Nancy Thompson lived, then she runs into the bathroom, the sink handles turn into Freddy's hands and attack her, and then she wakes up standing in her bathroom after cutting her Own wrists From there, the film turns into the usual installment of the psychiatric hospital. <br /> <br /> `Larry 'Fishburne, tired of always playing the villain in his roles, was happy to take on the role in this film as a neat, strict but accommodating boy when patients want to bend the rules a little '. Not surprisingly, it turns into what is the best performance of the film in leaps and bounds. Arquette later became an established actor, but he did not perfect his acting skills when he starred in this film. The characters in the film are mostly all the patients of the psychiatric hospital where Kristen is inserted after having cut her wrists. All of them are cynical and uncooperative, almost nobody believes they really belong to them. In the end, they realize and are able to convince the staff that they are all dreaming of the same man and it is not just a sort of group hysteria. Heather Langenkamp is back in her famous role as Nancy Thompson, this time growing up as a dream researcher following her childhood experiences involving Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, he is able to relate quickly with the hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, since he has experienced exactly what they are experiencing. There are some interesting murders in this installment and the technology used for special effects has made a huge leap. There's a gigantic Freddy trying to swallow Kristen whole, there's a scene where a television turns into Freddy and with mechanical arms he takes one of the patients there for late-night entertainment and punishes her for sitting too close on TV, but there is also an unconvincing movement scene in which a couple of guys fight with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who is rotting in the trunk of a car in a car dump. And one of the most indescribable scenes is the one in which Freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream (the one famous for sleepwalking), tearing his muscles and tendons from his arms and legs and guiding him like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> Let's take a look at Freddy's past in this episode. Not only do we meet his mother, but we also discover the circumstances that led to the birth of Freddy by over 100 maniacs. In fighting Freddy, the patients all come together and, in their dreams, use their special powers (most of which reflect their flaws in real life) to fight it. One student, tied to a wheelchair, is able to walk in his dreams, another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the "Master magician", another is "handsome and bad" (he has a lot of makeup, her hair stands up a Mohawk one foot high, and she has knives). Smart, but the film falters when he has only one of the patients, the one who cannot speak, has no power in his dreams until the climax of the film, when he suddenly realizes that he can talk in his dreams (at just the right time to save the day). His dream power was a little too obvious to have been left out for so long, but collectively, now you understand why the film was subtitled Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is not a completely weak entry in the series. The acting is pretty bad, but it's actually pretty good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne overshadows the rest of the cast enormously, showing wonderful acting skills early in his career, and isn't the film simply a remake of one of the first two? a problem that plagues the Friday 13th movie much more than the Elm Street movies. The characters are never developed enough to allow the subsequent creation of a lot of tension, which is why most deaths present themselves more as creative ways to kill someone in a horror film than the tragic loss of life of one of the characters we have come to know and to root for their triumph over evil. But then again, not many horror films take the time to really develop their characters to the point where they blow your hands in defeat when they are killed, or are on the edge of your seat as they run for their lives. But is it important to note that the few horror films that actually do it are almost invariably the best?
