THE NIGHT EVELYN WAS OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). I just looked at this delirious piece of Euro-tosh in the way that the terrible Alpha Video DVD-release (it looks like a bad bad video transfer), but from what I've seen, not interesting enough to buy the recent DVD release of No Shame. Considering their excellent track record, it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous versions. And don't pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it's not taken from this movie (a girl who keeps her head looking like Jim Carrey). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports a fashionable hairstyle and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man obsessed with the memory of his late wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that kept him in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham channels this trauma by bringing red-haired prostitutes to his country castle, subjecting them to vicious acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean by "made-up names" of Italian horror? "), Advises him to forget the past and remarry, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a séance at the castle. end, after killing other girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife generates a series of sinister events.The blood-thirsty creatures hit Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one, becoming more upset, Cunningham visits Evelyn's grave and discovers that it is empty soon, a number of "strangers" begin to suspect that something strange is happening in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment may not be it was a success. <br /> <br /> The director Emilio Miraglia tries to merge the gothic horror with Yellow conventions with little success As usual, not the least effort was made to convince the public that the film is set in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, they all look very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is clearly Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they do it a little too far. The bad press also made it slightly bearable, since it is so dark that it was still not visible much. But, again, this is the kind of film in which anything can happen in the name of exploitation and the representation of reality is not really the problem. Most of the sado-masochist torture scenes in the castle torture chamber, but most of the time, Anthony Steffen makes his way and shows a horrible over-action. I guess it all depends on your mood and this can be a fun piece of nonsense if you're in the right mood. I couldn't take it, at least not with the print I was watching. A pleasant score by Bruno Nicolai that combines easy-listening tracks with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
