I was wondering why I didn't like Peggy Sue Got Married more than I did when she first came out in 1986, with all the fuss. Somehow I found the character of Nic Cage daunting. Daunting way. So the plot didn't seem to make sense. Then at the end of the credits the question came to mind: at what point was this film? What was he saying? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if anything. I really don't think this film is meant to make a statement; unless it was "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes, no matter what, so keep an eye on the donut, not the hole". Not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, not deeply made in this film. Writing is simply not good. The direction is irregular, and is strangely distorted at times. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, it was just an interesting thing in this film, and performed something of a miracle that created an entire character despite bizarre and inexplicable circumstances, with a script that had no apparent statement to make. <br /> <br /> He finally clarified the mystery of the main reason why I didn't like this movie anymore. He states in his autobiography that Cage is committed to fighting his uncle Coppola's direction at every step, doing "his way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and making a stupid voice he called "stupid". ". His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was as obnoxious and overbearing as a young boy. I understand what he was trying to do: play a young" hot boy "who is not as hot as he thinks he is, creating his own karma for future failure. But he exaggerates, the way he does it is abrasive, not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fighting the man", we would have had a more enjoyable film. Cage slips a bit "with his hateful voice in the film and occasionally sounds like a real person, and those scenes are more watchable than others. But if I had to watch the film in its entirety, I would find myself wanting to pay someone in LA to pour him a bucket of water over the head during some of his most engaging scenes. <br /> <br /> The film does not aim for a statement, it makes no sense, it's nice to watch except when Cage is making a demented impression of Elvis (but without the voice), and is ultimately confused and a waste of time. That being said, Kathleen Turner certainly deserved an Oscar in this movie mess. I can't recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this, unless you like Turner and have a remote control to choose all his scenes. Believe me, you won't miss anything in a chronological sense by skipping the other scenes, and it will make the same sense. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner is receiving a lot of criticism from critics regarding Cage's comments, which shows that she is strong enough to be honest, and to hell with other people's comments. Go, Turner! I'm not particularly a fan of this actress any more than I am of any other top-class actor or actress, but her candor is refreshing. Cage's acting can be good to annoy, and it doesn't work here. At least, in this film, we now know why.
