Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a madman (seen early in an attempt to escape from an asylum), with this castle slowly succumbing to ruin, he loves to kill various prostitutes who resemble his dead wife Evelyn, a woman who betrayed him for a another man, with those red locks. This fool is rich enough and his bachelor status can be quite tempting. He, however, is invaded by his obsession with the memory of his late wife (in particular his adultery ... he saw her naked with his lover). While the memory of Evelyn is almost devouring her entire existence, Alan does her best to find true love and believes she has with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the nude film .. which is probably her unique attribute since she is not a very good actress), who agrees to marry him after a very short courtship that probably should immediately throw the flags {there is a key moment in the dialogue in which she knows exactly how much is worth ". <br /> <br /> The only real person with whom Alan can confide is his hospital doctor, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this film that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be quite a good friend who often gives him the victims ... I mean the dates, while he clings to the hope of getting his lord's estate one day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), brother of Evelyn, is a witness to the Alan massacre and, instead of handing it over to the police, squeezes him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), confined to a wheelchair, lives on the castle's estate and is often seen peeking behind cracked doors. Later we find out he is having a romance with Albert. <br /> <br /> All that is described above serves the rest of the story showing what appears to be the ghost of Evelyn haunting Alan, someone is killing the members of the family of actors that revolve around Alan, and the Evelyn's body is really missing. <br /> <br /> The last question is who is committing the crimes after Alan and Gladys are married, where is the body of Evelyn and Alan going over the edge? I have to be honest and say that I don't really care about this movie. It is very irregular and the rhythm is everywhere. It's nice on the new DVD and the "climb from the grave" is fantastic, but what really hurts me is that the whole cast is unlikely. You really have a hard time taking care of Alan because he is a psychotic who is skating on thin ice to maintain his sanity. It can be quite volatile. Whoever commits crime in reality is not a big surprise after some key characters have been killed, there are only a select few who could make it. What happens to Alan doesn't really make you swallow your throat because you can make the argument that he's just getting what he deserves. Those behind the whole scheme of the film towards Alan, as I pointed out earlier, are not so shocking because if you are only slightly aware of certain circumstances (or advantages they would have) that could benefit them with the collapse of Alan's sanity , then everything comes off less than stellar. I thought the editing was rough and not very exciting, but the acting of the entire cast is really below average. Some styles help and there is a smell of gothic atmosphere in the graveyard sequences to help him.
