Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multi-millionaire with some loose screws (thanks to his first wife's infidelity and premature death during childbirth), attracts sexy women with red heads in his castle, offering them bundles of money for stay the weekend. Once back at his ancestral pile, he takes them from nekkid, proceeds to whip them with a whip, and then kill them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets the blonde Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her ample charm, he decides to abandon his murderous ways and get married. Their marital happiness is short-lived, however, thanks to Alan's uncertain mental state, which becomes increasingly fragile when his late wife Evelyn begins to appear outside her window and a series of grisly murders occur within the grounds of the castle. <br /> <br /> So let's recap: a 70's Euro-horror groove with lots of tasty women in various states to undress; scary gothic shelters and misty cemeteries; a sadistic and inclined psychopath for beautiful and drunk girls with a muscular body; several vicious murders (including quite a few in which a victim has his head hit by a rock and his innards eaten by foxes). Normally, such a checklist guaranteed me a good time, so why did I find "Evelyn night came out of his grave" so boring? Well, for starters, the plot is too complicated: there are false arcs, crazy plot developments and suspicions galore, and everything becomes a bit excessive. With the ridiculous ending ?? in which we discover that, always, different people have planned to get their greedy legs on Alan's wealth, and that our mind-boggling work should actually be the hero of the movie? ? my head was hurting too much to worry about! Secondly, Emilio Maraglia's direction is rather torpid. Elegant, yes; but slow as molasses sometimes. <br /> <br /> And then there are the pieces that are simply too stupid, perhaps even for a mystery: the death from a poisonous snake bite (surely one of the most bizarre weapon choices ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha, an old paralyzed relative who is played by a pretty young woman; the hiring of a group of identical curved blondes as a waiter; the poor attempt to convince the public that the film is set in England (mentioning "pounds" and hiring a police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then, of course, there is the improbability of finding a bag of sulfuric acid next to a pool ... <br /> <br /> "Evelyn's night came out of the grave" is not a total waste of time ( how could it be, with so much female meat on display?), but there are much better yellows out there. Look at this if you are a fan of the genre and have you already seen the best ?? but don't expect too much.
