This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, about the so-called "sins of consumerism". Keep in mind that "Reverend Billy", an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing but a bureaucrat against the "sins of consumerism". We might want to ask questions like: What does "Reverend Billy" do for a living? How do you make your money? Do you make a living from your tax-deductible organization? How does the Internal Revenue justify it as a church or tax-deductible organization? <br /> <br /> Everybody knows that Christmas is commercialized, but it offers a day of a whole year where people have the opportunity to be charitable and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. All are not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But, holidays and vacations give people that chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but, with perseverance, Americans have always made great difficulties. And, even in times of conflict, America has proven to be the largest country in the world. This happens when Americans gather and unite, rather than separate and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take Americans to bring back small businesses, along with ethics, to take care responsibly of the people who live in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take the Americans to bring production back to America. The Americans and the US government must learn how to maintain a budget, no matter how big or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our excessive confidence in credit will make us, and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. And, if we can save even a small amount of money, we will have the money for a rainy day. Not to mention that, as Americans, we will earn an equal portion of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans hold most of American wealth. There is a good closeness that you or I can reach the upper middle class level. And, who knows what can happen from there?!? Be positive, work hard and, at least, you and I will be able to reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to reach. And if you or I didn't have dreams, we might even be dead. In America, there is always room for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are part of the group, but we can always become the leaders of the group. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that churches and religions offer nothing but additional distortions, but I give dignity and give respect to people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But, as regards the distortions expressed, within this film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I classify this film with a 1 in 10 - but, in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. This film has no integrity and I cannot recommend it.
