What happened? These were the first words that come to mind after this terrible movie ended for the first time and the last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St. had greatly diminished after the cult classic of a first film, but I doubt anyone expected this horrible aberration. No one expected this cosmic joke of a movie, and no one is more upset than they are. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst ANOES movie. At first it doesn't look too bad, with a really gruesome introduction and a rather elongated shower scene with Alice. But then we touched the bottom right at the very beginning with bad acting and a sequence of confusing events. I mean, of course, Freddy's films should be dreamlike and gruesome, but this is like a train wreck in its poor sequencing of events and the terrible configuration of the plot. Looks like you're coming down with a terrible headache, not like you're scared. So the director totally fails. Here you don't find the suspense and the well thought-out horror of the previous sequels, and even the death scenes are mostly simply crass and moral (especially death by food), except for that interesting scene created as a battle to comics. That's why this film gets a point. <br /> <br /> The plot ... lame, lame, lame, LAME. It was an excuse to take people out and make the MPAA crazy, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Acting ... should I mention how Freddy became a childlike clown figure like a black man? How did your renaissance scene make him look like a 7-year-old horror monster instead of the presumptuous and nightmare of the dream-killer we all knew and hated from the first movie? That swaying arm and stupid grin as it reappears ... ugh. And also its furrows. For the whole movie, they suck. Bad. An elementary school could invent funnier things, then Freddy's vomit spits over the entire 90-minute duration of the film. Hell, a chimpanzee could come up with much more fun lines than what was said to Freddy. Who wrote the script for this? Even this film is really irritating. It seems so useless. Like a gnat buzzing around your head, a gnat that WILL NEVER GO. Freddy is just a nuisance now. We have seen it many times in the past. This is nothing different, and a lot of times you just want him to take his horrible jokes and get off your TV screen. Alice, instead of the quiet and thoughtful girl of the last film, looks boring and very superficial, and this is obviously due to the horrible and horrible script with which this film was edited. Lisa Wilcox could be a great actor, and sometimes she shines through the cracks here, but she can't save this movie. The other actors just suck, mostly. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie are horrible and embarrassing. I hope Englund was ashamed of this. Who wants to see Freddy turning like a mutated gorilla with his limbs stretched out, laughing like a villain? This film has destroyed something positive I heard about the Nightmare series. I can never look at them again without this image going through my head; of the abominable abomination of the cartoons that became Krueger. It was slowly becoming a joke, a delayed icon of pop culture, but this is the lowest of the low. This is the bottom. No one will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously after watching this movie. It is nothing more than a joke, a clown who has been late for retirement. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the movies I could hate, why did it have to be Nightmare on Elm St, a series I once loved and loved a lot? The Dream Child represents the death of a legend and the destruction of every hope I had in the Nightmare on Elm St series. Freddy would have continued his downward spiral in clown status in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more fun of that, actually), and then he would continue to bring down the mood in Freddy VS Jason, and in the end he would putter into nothingness, which is for the better. <br /> <br /> I know this was mainly a hint about why Freddy sucks now, but this film is overall, horrible, and one of the worst movies ever made. Not recommended to anyone, and even the ANOES completers won't want to see it again.
