This is shit ... total crap. I can't believe any company can even get people to work on a movie like this. Full Moon has a number of terrible movies, but this must be the worst. First of all, the plot does not exist. It's strange. It's like, they took an idea for the story, and kind of never really got to develop it. It seemed like they had spent a lot of time shooting out of the gunfire while the two "heroes" were circling the desert, and Bradbury was talking nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the film (when Dez and Dazzy drive, and when Dez and Bradbury drive) where he went on and on and on ... it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where there should have been some dialogue or action. They just drove for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> So, we come to acting, which is simply horrible. First of all, the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. She's so scary, I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Horrible casting. Then, you have the boy who played Dez, who couldn't act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is actually fun, and his crazy antics are even more fun. The guy who plays the hotel receptionist is just as ugly, as is the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no acting that deserved any recognition in this film. <br /> <br /> The effects of makeup ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so fake, they were ridiculous. The crazy little robot who looks at the catepillar thing grabs someone, cuts it, and when they come back, the boy has a completely false meat wound. Beautiful. Have they run out of money for the makeup budget or what ?! I have to say the drug girl in the girl's apartment ... nice trick there too. I think they looked drugged, and I think he should have had a black guy, but it looked more like a cheap zombie trick for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is simply awful from the start. The story is stupid and very, very little original, the direction seems to have been performed by a 10-year-old child, the acting is the lowest of the bass, and so on. STAY AWAY from this movie at all costs. It is only 70 minutes in the first place, and at least 20 minutes are occupied by music and without dialogue or by the character who is around the hotel. Don't waste time with this piece of junk.
