A lavishly lavish but at the same time enraged character study, an examination of the different personalities of two college mates: a talented but unruly basketball player, and a pot-smoker, rabid puppeteer. We never learn why these young people are friends. They can share confusions about the world and their places, but they don't seem to have anything else in common. Making his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson - who also co-wrote the script with Jeremy Larner, based on Larner's book - does not present the characters clearly, nor does he model the scenes to help us identify with anyone on the screen. There are some very decent performances here (particularly from the newcomer William Tepper in the central role), but most of the image is shapeless (perhaps intentionally), sketchy or uncertain. Bruce Dern plays the tough basketball coach, Karen Black is the oldest married woman with whom Tepper has an affair, and Michael Margotta is Tepper's rebel lover (in an exaggerated and exaggerated performance). Nicholson fails to set sequences with a particular flavor, preferring (I assume) that the interaction of the character dominates the tone of the film; even his script is not helpful, and therefore it is not clear to whom we should sympathize. Small casual moments work (a supermarket fight between Tepper and Black, Dern visiting Tepper in his dorm, all the scenes set in the field), yet the whole third act of the image is a heart-rending mess. Hoping to juxtapose a very important b-ball game with a sexual attack, Nicholson does not show a style in his trade (nor does he earn points for the chutzpah, since his staging of these events is disgusting and ugly). When a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors, his motivations in doing so must be questioned. Perhaps, if "Drive, He Said" eventually made some sort of powerful statement in the mishap, the public could forgive the director for his errors in judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the puzzled approach is just as shocking as the rest of the film. * 1/2 from ****
