The tragedy is that this piece of trash was part of my resume while I was studying film. So imagine how I was forced to look at it completely. Believe me passing hell is much easier. Our professor told us that this is a film ???, but he never thought that we would not agree or we would have assumed the special one. I don't think there are gods on earth, we're just human, so all the directors, so they can make mistakes, bad movies ... or even very bad ones. The main problem was not that art, by all means, is susceptible to infinite points of view, but that many people simply do not understand, that every single human being has his genuine taste, his opinion, so what I suppose is the best film ever made, it can even be the worst ever, and how it is right in both directions, but how many people can understand it correctly? So my professor believes in this film, and simply no. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it with its original intent to show us different types of ancient stories or anything else to grasp the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To tell you the damned truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as screenwriter and director made it too unbearable to look at first. The film is so BAD. I can't stand it, so how about analyzing it, then discovering the potential beauty in it !! It is beyond your disgusting mind, and strangely not for the case of the film or anything, it is for the taste of the unstable vision of (Pasolini). His work is so primitive to an underdeveloped extent. The deadly cinematic technique, the effective sense of nonsense and the incredible horrible made it all hateful. Watch the atrocious acting, the unsuccessful cinematography, the terribly poor sets, .. OH MY GOD I already feel sick. It can violently end your objectivity while watching this movie is a real pain like removing the wisdom tooth from a blind doctor. There are frightening nightmares that could be more merciful than this. So originally, how to continue THAT just to review it fairly? Actually, you don't. Since this film doesn't treat you well at all. There is a really memorable scene here where some guys pee in the camera's eyes (!) I'm trying to connect some things like Pasolini as murdered.
