Yes, I "take" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time, I feel that his "Decameron" is largely overrated, and more than a little disturbing. Overrated because the alleged "realism" it introduces (crowds shattering, dilapidated architecture, etc.) are challenged by the absurd and decidedly foolish way in which the characters behave. In the pursuit of realism, Pasolini used many non-actors, but their deer eyes in the headlights and the delivery of the painfully embarrassing line give the whole a terribly offensive and incoherent feeling. And frankly - many of the sickly and miserable people are painful to look at. <br /> <br /> And Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least for me) because of the casual and prevalent homosexual content. Not because I am modest or homophobic (neither am I) but because the emphasis that Pasolini places on homoerotic images and situations is contrary to the neorealism that he otherwise embraces, so it comes out as free and forced. You can almost hear him say "Ooh - I have to paste a cute naked guy in this scene!" Sometimes it seems that Pasolini is trying to interpret the homosexual angle to get an idea of ​​the critics, and at other times because he enjoys that aspect, regardless of what his audience might prefer. <br /> <br /> The disconnection of the 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolini's "Decameron" struck me as a failure by Pasolini as a narrator, rather than being an aspect of neo-realism. He seems to be bored with every story and therefore he wraps them in a rather unconvincing way and with little conviction. Even Pasolini's last line of dialogue in the film, which some people seem to find concise ("Why create a work of art when you dream is so sweet?") - for me, I just wonder why Pasolini would worry about doing a movie if you felt this way? In my opinion, a far better film (and with a greater homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon". He is also full of bizarre-looking people and absurd situations, but he succeeds because of his speed, direction and strong narration while "Decameron" fails with those same elements.
