No film with Madeleine Carroll in her cast could be unwatchable. Having said that, I must add that this British film is approaching. The story takes place aboard "SS Atlantic" and is freely inspired by the unfinished journey of the "Titanic". The word "unsinkable" is pronounced, the ocean liner strikes an iceberg and we hear a heavenly choir sing "Nearer My God to Thee". In the end, the condemned passengers take possession of the anthem, with a nice sound job. But the year of the film's release (1929) means that a modern viewer must accept the otherwise primitive sound and many of the silent film and stage acting conventions. These are not problems. The main defect of the film is the stimulation and the rhythm has been well developed in the silent ones. However, if the dialog box were delivered at a realistic speed, the execution time of the film would be halved. The desired effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result is unfortunately unhappy now. The structure of the film is absurdly illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found some details of the editing that are quite modern in technique: fine and sudden cuts from one area to another of the ship, sometimes even from sound effects. Even though we are on board the "Atlantic" from the first shot, we were well over 4 minutes into the film before discovering this. There are long and intrusive musical passages from the ship's dance orchestra. (Funny, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented in an absolutely non-engaging and unconvincing way. Don't even think about the show. The iceberg is a tiny thing and the external damage it does to the hull of the ship is a minor dent. However, the scenes of passengers that crowd the lifeboats - clearly staged on a real ocean liner, presumably tied to a pier - generate great excitement. In addition to the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence in the film. As the film and the ship near the end, the screen becomes completely black several times when the power generators start to fail. Their last, eternal blackout is the end of the film, with a sunset / sunrise turn, a clumsy symbolic effect. "Atlantic" is a cinematic curiosity. At best. <br /> <br />
