I like a good drama that moves slowly. Christmas In August, Chungking Express, Virgin stripped naked by her bachelors, The way home, Spring in a small town, Hana bi, Eating Drinking Man Woman, Dolls, In the Mood for Love, and Spring Summer Autumn Winter Spring are all fun movies ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of films within the dramatic genre that try to ride the belts of good movies without providing anything interesting. These are the ones I call IAN movies ?? "Incomprehensible artistic nonsense". Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenus and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this is the cream of cruelty of haunted garbage under the guise of "art". People walk in their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth waiting for public telephones to become empty, hang posters, put documents together, go to the bathroom, eat, make faces, have sex, slap mosquitoes, etc. I am not joking when I say that it is an accurate synopsis of the entire film, which is the poster par excellence for the useless trash of the art house. There is no plot, plot, interesting or noteworthy events, no emotion, no meaningful dialogue, and most importantly? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most lively scene has two people who "slam" on a bed with a person who masturbates under the mattress ?? ironic that it is also totally tasteless and free. The relationship of the characters on the bed is practically non-existent. Apparently, Tsai didn't feel able to communicate anything to the viewer about these people except the obvious fact that they like "bang". The person under the bed is equally one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, cook with melons and fondle himself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". Really an "entertainer" really misguided. <br /> <br /> Tsai's real contribution to Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most atrocious scene in the history of arthouse cinema. First show the leading actress walking from one end of the park to the other for 285 consecutive seconds, only to make her cry hysterically ?? for absolutely no reason whatsoever ?? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The film then ends abruptly. No point. No entertainment. Only pure and concentrated torture inflicted on the spectator. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to beat a dead horse. The underlying theme of solitude is so poorly managed that the only real feeling of this film is that of boredom. Indeed, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better exposure on solitude in his horror film Kairo. And guess what? In reality it is INTERESTING! That film moved slowly like molasses in January, but there are better ways to deal with the concept of loneliness than the total waste known as Vive L'Amour. Kairo is a perfect example. <br /> <br /> Movie fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for directing this film, as it provided irrefutable evidence that art cinema can be badly done as B-quality horror movies, made for television. Art house snobs have officially lost their pedestal of self-justice. The quality level of your precious genre now overlaps with films like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like apples?
