For me, an unsatisfactory and unconvincing robbery film. With an A-List cast, especially the three protagonists and an experienced nonconformist director like Spike Lee, I expected a lot more and finally I felt that what was delivered added little to this subgenre of the film. To begin with I did not like the rhythm of the film, starting with the mind of Clive Owen, a camera piece, repeated unnecessarily at the conclusion, then finding the narrative strewn with confused, not to say unreal witness interviews. , so finding yourself jumped into scenes you had perceived in the beginning. Obviously the camera work is fluid everywhere, constantly in motion and incorporates a lot of freehand shots, but the director Lee is not able to arouse chills or suspense, falling basically doing nothing of the key protagonists of the film. Denzel Washington is weighed down with the clothes and idiotic chatter of a thirty-five-year-old "Shaft" movie (he even has that "nobody understands him but his woman" is going on, full of his "hot" girlfriend, who falls in love with some dirty rough and inappropriate "bad word") and his mild riff "In The Heat Of The Night" with Willem Defoe (in one part almost a bit) barely raises a ripple. Clive Owens plays his character with a strong English accent, although we are given to believe that the gang is of Arab origin, hampered also by having to play 90% of the film with a mask on the face. Jodie Foster delivers another of his patented, ice maiden, sub Clarice Starling turns into a well-connected financial bounty hunter, if you will, with little effect. Overall it is a real mash-mash of a film, with a slight but obvious twist in the end, in fact the title distracts him from the start, the spoiler fans. The worst scene (of many) is undoubtedly the interview with Washington's witnesses, incredibly, with an 8-year-old boy, even if Owen's dialogue with the same child a few minutes before makes him shut up in obvious embarrassment. During the film the in-joke references are made by characters in classic robbery films like "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor for the self-praise. More like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and this too was good for some laughter.
