I am a director of film production at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I was sadly given the opportunity to see this terrible movie in the classroom. We were informed by our professor that it would be a lot of fun for us, but the reason we were looking at it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with the initial movie sound was that Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent films and were not good at memorizing lines. So producers and directors would watch on stage to get actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, the kind of acting that you do on stage doesn't look too good on the film. Most of the actors in "Atlantic" seem and behave as if they were acting in a play, which translates into many hearty laughs in the event of over-acting. Another limitation of the first sound films was the microphone technology. You couldn't move the microphones as you can today, you have to keep them static or hear the sound of moving air. There was usually a microphone used in every scene in the film. In a particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. Someone approaches him and delivers the line, then leaves. Another actor comes from behind him, delivers the line, then leaves. It goes on like this for another couple of people. The microphone is obviously close to the man at the table, creating a ridiculous carousel actor. <br /> <br /> These are just technical problems. If you enter history and direction, then it becomes even worse. History is a fictionalized tale of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and useless. A "story" about a man who cheats on his wife and teenage daughter has no place in the film. It is barely resolved and leaves you wondering why it was there in the first place. A bad attempt at high drama, the actors take long breaks between the lines many times. It's tiring, and you can't wait for this 90-minute movie (at least 180) to finish it. At the moment I will not talk much about the issue of racism in our country, but it really offended me that there were only two blacks in the whole film, and that they were portrayed as animals. Both pushed over women and children to try to get into one of the lifeboats. He was ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they didn't let him get shot. I was appalled. <br /> <br /> Give this movie a 2/10. I would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good first sound film, take a look at "Blackmail" by Alfred Hitchcock, also released in 1929. You'll find that the best directors were able to immediately adapt to the new technology.
