I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and came to the conclusion that he has a talent for action. The scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, gunfights and samurai fights with the shooting work that effectively captures the carnage on the screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami" Kitamura showed his creativity and proved to be more than capable of working on a limited budget. So what happened in "Alive"? To be more candid, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive" it was a two-hour movie with little or no action and little or no characters and plot. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a comic by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is an examination of the life of a Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) a condemned to death who survives his execution. He is then given the opportunity to repeat the execution or to undergo a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the latter and soon after he is put in a room together with a rapist and later with a girl infected by a strange parasite who in exchange for the humanity of his host grants supernatural powers. Of course at some point that parasite moves to Yashiro, the bad thing is that it doesn't happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" establishes its first time in establishing basic exposure. The characters are introduced, their motivations are set and their relationships between them are discovered. Everything also takes place in one set. The first big problem with this comparison is that while "Aragami" was just a 70-minute movie, "Alive" drags on for more than two hours, making the first part for an hour. That length could have been justified if the characters had been made a little more interesting, but unfortunately it is not. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without any sense of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There have been some small attempts to make "Alive" a little more ambiguous from the moral point of view, but in the end it is all back to the classic: evil government people against, superpower protagonist, that yes, you guessed it, save the girl at end. As I said earlier, the whole movie takes place in just one set, and after two hours of getting boring, even worse the set-design itself wasn't even interesting to begin with, and it doesn't do much to improve on other aspects of the movie. <br /> <br /> Now, after that first part is over, you might think Kitamura would have at least made some fun action scenes to make up for the boring start. Unfortunately this is not the case. The only two fights are actually rehashes of similar struggles from Hollywood movies, complete with time effects of bullets and psychic powers. Not just interesting or fun, the creativity of Kitamura from "Versus" is over, the small set also limits its often impressive photographic work and it all boils down to generic and predictable clashes, a real shame. <br /> <br /> Evidently "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" had learned something from "Alive". So it wasn't at least a total loss watching this movie. If only to understand the mistakes made, how to solve them and create a more fun movie.
