This is a stupid movie. Maybe my judgment wouldn't be so hard if the movie didn't promise so much, but I felt like this movie deceived me and made a fool of me every turn. <br /> <br /> I didn't have any meat with acting, but I thought the characters were horrible. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen who tells us what a criminal mind is, and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, which often reminds us later. Oh yes, it also tells us that it is in a prison cell, even if it turns out to be a stupid metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one in which a minimum number of things could potentially go wrong, and you've already left before the police show up. But Clive Owen's scheme requires staying around for hours - for no reason other than to wander around and look scary as far as I can tell. He must also check hostages, negotiate with the cops and, most fantastic of all, do a job of this old house on the bank's warehouse and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a pee bucket) and then secretly again. Yes, that sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it didn't collapse was told by the writer. <br /> <br /> And then there are many inexplicable details: why were the policemen so convinced that the scammers had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is the character of Jodie Foster, and why it's so important that he has the mayor in his place and calls and doesn't have to tell Denzel Washington his agenda because "is he above his pay scale?" How stupid are these policemen who can't understand that a boy who speaks in a foreign language for hours isn't the sound of a criminal band planning a robbery? How did the robbers slip away, and why did Clive Owen stay for a week? How did they discover the past of the bank president, the number and content of his safe deposit box? Why the hell would Clive Owen let Jodie Foster or the police in? Since when do AK-47 toys that look real close up? How the hell do you beat a pizza box, anyway? How did Clive Owen manage to sneak out of a safe area of ​​the bank during working hours without being discovered? Did this dispassionate criminal really feel close enough to this Denzel cop to make him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions have ever been answered. There are films that reach depth by letting you question the events that happen off the screen, but I've never felt like that on Inside Man. It seemed as if the scenes that explained these things had been cut from the movie, or these questions had never had any answer first, and this is weak. Particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who will not reveal what he does, but does not seem to tire of reminding us how important it is. We should just believe him by word, I guess. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this two-star movie is that I laughed at Denzel's gag and the "pina colada" gags, and at the kid's outrageous video game. In addition to this, this film has no saving features.
