Film: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this film. It's really terrible. Not enough money is spent on the film and the way it was made by Spike Lee, looks like a combination of an independent film and an action movie. Characters / actors: Denzel has done "EXACTLY" what he does in every movie, so it's no wonder. Here is a little mind game for readers. Quickly think about 10 Denzel films. Now count how many of them were where a policeman / detective / bodyguard played, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. His best performance was in "Beyond Borders". In addition to this he has done practically the same thing he does in every movie. His tone and speech was very similar to what he did in "Sin City". Surely this guy knows how to act, what he doesn't know is the best way to choose roles. He desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the film, if you look at her for the first time in your life. You have done better. You have had better roles. It so happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall to their knees and take low-level roles like Jody Foster did in this film. Plot: The plot was not a source of confusion, in fact, I could think of a plot like that, in fact the whole movie, while I was taking a dump after a nice Chinese dinner. I mean, come on, **** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm sick of the unnecessary Haulocast and the racism token. The film is about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and racism in there, try to play with people's emotions, work with someone? NOT ME. Will the police let the bank robbers go and think they're hostages? Please, we're talking about the US police and security here. No one could find out where Clive was, I mean they didn't find anything different in that room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Sure, go see this movie, if nothing else, you'll have fun talking to you friends about how bad the movie was. At least people won't think you're stupid going to see this movie because they would think you went to see it because it has a cast of big stars "MISTAKE".
