It seems to me that Stephen King's pseudonym "Bachman" was a way to put out some of the darkest, crudest, meanest things he wanted to write without "contaminating" his "brand". If you think back to "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner) you notice that they have a feeling of breathlessness and lack of isolation from them, which is distinct from the mainstream King. I realize that we are talking about a boy whose first novel saw a teenager humiliated, covered in blood, emotionally paralyzed to massacre everyone at the high school dance ... but the ruling king always has characters and plot elements that make them grow the sadness of the proceedings a little, and mostly they have endings that offer at least a taste of hope and human feeling. Bachman's books are simply trivial and always end badly. (By the way, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a Bachman book if King hadn't revealed the pseudonym by then. And "The Dark Half" seems to be at least in part related to his "Bachman" character. <br /> "Thinner" was Bachman's last book, and the man, with his themes of class war, revenge and starvation, is bad, so it should not be surprising that the film follows suit. <br /> <br /> What is surprising is that the adaptation seems to be filmed at a "TV Movie Of the Week" talent level rather than something worthy of a theatrical release. (These days, something like this would go directly to DVD or cable.) The trick and the surprising reason (to starve in the midst of abundance, a metaphor of the undernourished and undernourished American bourgeoisie, if there ever was one) is all that prevents you from looking this bonfire. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director was looking for the ca tactive atmosphere of Bachman, but somehow he sucked all the interest of the film with poor casting choices - the actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) simply can't bring the film. And then he squeezed the heat and life out of the rest of the film with humpiness and scenic structure. He also could not leave the plot alone, and his changes are not very helpful. The script and dialogue should work, but most of the film lies there. Everything is muffled, boring, without air and it's not fun to look at ... with the vivid exception of the main character's show becoming thinner, thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst King movie ever made (or even the second worst). And it has a terrible and irresistible charm thanks to the theme and the excellent work of makeup. But those who look for the first time should approach this with reduced expectations.
