No, I didn't read the Stephen King novel "Thinner", but I stifled the film version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Regular films give the public a hero to applaud as he strives to achieve a goal. In horror movies, the public is invited to savor the disappearance of the characters. In the director Tom Holland, the poor but insipid "Thinner" revenge cooler, no one wins and everyone deserves the bite applied to them. The ambitious New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he drops the bathroom scales to 300 pounds, he seems happily married to an exquisite and delightful wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane") with a tacky teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not sign stupid here. Halleck shows his wisdom in court when he wins an acquittal verdict for the squalid boss of the mafia Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of "House of Games"). Coming home from a victory party, Billy hits an old gypsy woman who crosses the street and kills her. A cover-up occurs and Halleck's friends pull him out of the soup. The unfortunate gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") takes revenge with a curse on the burly lawyer and the two city officials who cleared him. Suddenly, Halleck finds himself losing weight no matter how much he bites. When he begs the vengeful gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck uses Richie. While Halleck struggles with the gypsies to remove the hexagon, he discovers that his faithful wife has turned his attention to the doctor of the city. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies not only as a ridiculous inept horror film, but filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Child's Play" (1988), and screenwriter Michael McDowell, released a scruffy screenplay that you can't enjoy watching Billy take his dessert and shrivel. "Thinner" boasts few shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have regurgitated King's novel, but they filled the sense of horror and humor it contained. Holland and McDowell introduce characters, like the mafia, so they inexplicably leave them out of trouble. A minor character appears long enough to die and has a chicken head in his mouth. <br /> <br /> Even the stereotyped behavior of the characters can offend the public. "Thinner" depicts women like foxes and overworked men like pigs. When Halleck comes home from a clinic, he finds his doctor's car parked at his house. His suspicions turn into jealousy and set up a scheme to transfer the curse to this wife. Even the premature finish has no satirical taste. Oscar-winning special effects magician Greg Cannom of "Van Helsing" and make-up artist Bob Laden do a fabulous job reinforcing actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They too manage to make him deceive. <br /> <br /> Only Stephen King's hardcore fans will be able to stand this misogynistic gooledyspook.
