I really don't know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had the regret of watching for a long time. From the setting which was pretty obvious and very clear to anyone who has visited London for at least 1 day, he will agree ... it wasn't London. For the very unexplained way in which the Snipe character managed to escape from the country to the United States without a single problem. Then he convinces the girl and the grandmother to visit him in America, why the grandmother accepted that ... he is a murderer! Well, this is the ending, what to say during the film, but unfortunately it didn't go much better. We have British policemen driving an incredible range of cars, I'm sure it was an eighties Vauxhall Belmont chasing the taxi after the assignment, but a modern Subaru Imprezza who escorted the prison van to some previous scenes. SO19 or whoever was the arm of the Met they were trying to portray, he was happily running through the streets with their rifles hunting for Snipe and CIA. There were children walking around, but the police were still claiming that they had a definite blow to shoot him, did it happen in London? No, no, I live there. We also have a very implausible journey from central London to the airport (let's say Heathrow for discussion) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a girl who is more elegant than the queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say when the helicopters and a number of Snipe position officers fail to find Snipe and manage to escape capture by hiding behind stairs? The train station was obviously not even on UK soil and the sound effects of the fighting scene were terrible. The plot was also extremely poor, boring and written and shot much better a thousand times before. But there were some noteworthy actors in this film, what they were thinking and please don't let yourself be influenced by this movie! This film did not seem to know what it wanted to be, if you intend to focus on the dramatic aspects after the assignment, then you need a strong and rigid storyline with plausible scenarios and settings, this is something the viewer has time to consider and appreciate and if you do it wrong then you notice it. If you want a complete action movie (which is not this), continuity and scenery can be set aside.
