I have been coming out of these tables for several years because of the sheer lack of intelligence that is communicated through the reviews that periodically appear in the IMDb space of this film. I saw this movie courtesy of the Asian New York subway film festival (which had an excellent selection of films this year, see vital, June snake, CHA NO AJI, Survive Style) and I regretted every day that a scene from that movie is released from my mind and becomes a vivid memory. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you can read a laudatory summary of the Subway Cinema movie, which is probably why I made the mistake of dragging my friend into the movie. The description built the kind of horror film I had wanted for a while, one based on pure terror rather than economic fear. P was actually different. It was based on economic laughter. <br /> <br /> The incredibly annoying announcer described this film as "Lesbians coming together to fight monsters". Completely false. There is a subplot built into this film to make it seem that the relationship between the girl and Pookie is actually going somewhere. More lies This movie looks like a short made for "Are you afraid of the dark?" The story is ridiculous, and only managed to provoke laughter and confusion from the public after finally rescinding their attempt to see this movie with a semblance of seriousness and try to forget the $ 9 they had wasted on the door. I almost wish Paul Spurrier was in the audience so he could laugh at him and ask him why he lost 5 years in Thailand to make a bad soft horror porn movie that belongs to the spice channel, that he only managed to get the actress excommunicated by his family, and caused a slight sensation in the Belgian film festival. The only sensation that it caused was a gurgle in the lower intestine, since he could not extract himself from what he was. Anyway, I hope to disobey anyone from committing the serious mistake of seeing this film, it was really one of my first 3 worst cinematic experiences, eliminating Soulplane for the number 2.
