And finally, the old, old Michael Corleone falls and goes 'THUMP!' Who REALLY did the writing for this latest installment of the Godfather saga? Probably the same staff that does "As the World Turns". This film does not deserve the title "Godfather" at all. We call this "The Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has met a number of mobsters in my working life, I can say without exception that I have never met any gangster as inner-confrontational and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the Mafia just because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time meditating on his past actions and his gloomy future, perhaps even on the Hereafter, then he resumes extraordinarily fast to pull off some fantastic deal or order the death of this or that as the great is the operator of the time that is, after all. So, there is his failed marriage. After the breaking scenes in G2, we can hope that Michael and Kay get together as men and women, but here they just seem to become good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the writers were trying to turn Michael into a woman. It's a bizarre behavior for two people who have shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There is a mixture here and there, or perhaps they are sins of paternity. Poor old Sophia Coppola, old and beautiful in the country, is plagued by a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that don't fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - she received "observations" rather than "lines" for emote. His "passionate" love scene with Andy Garcia resembles something of a sexual comedy for teenagers as they chew their kisses open-mouthed and caress their companions on the kitchen cutting board like puppets ... the scullery sex was taken out by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but here it's just ridiculous. Then there is the character of Andy, Vinnie Mancini, who is also given a difficult and thankless role. He expects, I believe, to be the new, new Don Corleone, but he almost handed over the work on a silver platter and has little to do to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous successes on all 5 Families in G1. This manual process can be an authentic way of transferring power to a mafia family, but why is it so much made of this boring routine? Of course, Don Vincent could earn the respect of his fellow gangsters one day, but there are little revelations of character in the script to give us a portrait of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo did a great job of quickly and concisely developing Michael's character in G1. But the G3 has no economy in its story and we suffer through extended exhibitions until we just want to take a nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also given a thankless assignment, assuming the role of family lawyer after Robt Duvall refused a third episode like Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated his role, so he came out without harm to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when it comes to a murderous issue (it could very well go to bed with the Fredos, if this were the real world). But it's not all bad The scene of the assassination in the attic of the hotel is elegant! Furthermore, "they keep pulling me back" or the words to that effect are a great line. And we recover the feeling of an old country when we return to Sicily, even if it's all over in 1989 and they have modern machines and haircuts. The plots involving the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are rather interesting, since they are based on some real financial jokes at the Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but it is too far, still, with spectacular death scenes, etc. The opera's scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the scene of Mary's death towards the end is an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation, at best. All writers must learn that we do not always need more deaths to successfully complete a film about the mafia. You feel sorry for Kay that your daughter is dead, that she plays her pain so well, but Michael's reaction is the hammam, the hammam, the hammam. Then, Michael dies in the XXI century, in Sicily, alone in a large estate, of heart attack ... no grandchild with whom to play before his death, no wife who can cry for him. What SHOULD have happened in the last 1/2 of this film is that Michael is tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, put on trial, all the squalid little businesses of the dirty family and the indulgent bloodthirsty brought to the light of day, Michael then sentenced under RICO to the statutes and sent to the federal prison for life ... so he can bypass him for heart failure while washing a floor A LEAVENWORTH. This is how the mobsters ended their careers in the late 1980s and early 1990s and got much better treatment than they deserved.
