The part of the Godfather I was a stunning look within the fiction of the Corleone family and how an innocent young man was almost forced to live under circumstances he would never have wanted to be a part of. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of innocence as he plunges deeper and deeper into a life of crime. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation by Michael Corleone represent one of the greatest tragedies in the history of cinema. Then came The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the elderly Don of the Corleone family. He shows remorse for his previous actions not through subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers forever and admitting all his mistakes and regrets to others. Very cliché and unusual of the complex character that is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately a victim of the ongoing mass wars and her death inevitably leads Michael to realize that his whole life as Don was useless because he failed in the one thing that was the reason to put himself in position he was in: protecting his family. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest of the minimum: having killed his brother. Before the making of Part III, the Godfather saga was an exciting and compelling story of an innocent young man's journey into darkness with Michael's incredibly tragic end, forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that always mattered most. for him and for those around him: family loyalty. The third part depicts the image of Michael as a man who has always been a victim of circumstances. This greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a horrible mess of a film that should never have been made. The only solution to the problem of this final installment of The Godfather movies is to pretend that it doesn't exist and that the saga ends with the horrible act of Michael killing a member of his own family.
