Towards the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to leave the law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone doesn't want this. But his extraneous ex-wife, Kay, manages to convince him to let Anthony Corleone pursue music as he wishes. So it does. <br /> <br /> It seems a strange way to start a review, as it is a minor plot point and has nothing to do with the main action. Just stay with me here; you will see where I end up with this in the end. Now let me tell you about the main plot. It's about Michael Corleone who wants to leave the crime permanently (he largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew involved in a feud. So, of course, Michael has to endure yet another brush with crime and armed violence and all that gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incestuous relationship with Michael's daughter, Mary. Oh, Michael and Kay are trying to sort out all the horrible things that happened at the end of Part Two. <br /> <br /> It's like a soap opera. A horrible, horrible 169-minute soap opera. Gone is every kind of sophistication, romance and emotional relevance that made the first two films hit so hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola delivered a completely incongruous fiction and pretentiousness disaster with the first two films, once again demonstrating his last major work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical sequel to "The Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. He didn't just go to the seed (which could be legitimate, although it wouldn't be fun to watch). He has become a joker who is trying to fix all the tragedy that made Part II such a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but that little attack of diabetes in the middle pushed him to nausea. He also returns with Kay! For heaven's sake, there is absolutely no way that it should happen, like the 2nd film made abundantly clear! He aborted his baby, and his Sicilian education made him despise her for it. Has Francis Ford Coppola never thought of these things? <br /> <br /> And it hasn't even started me on the story of Mary and Vincent! For such a forbidden love story, it was shocking. Sofia Coppola's acting did not help anything. He made the smartest move of his life when he passed behind the camera behind, because it was probably the worst actress I've ever seen in a best film nomination. Every line he delivered was painfully memorized, and whenever the drama was based on his acting abilities, all he aroused was an inappropriate little laugh. In the climate scene - I won't go into details, but you'll know which scene I'm talking about when / if you look at it - look at Michael and say "... daddy?" I think I had to cry, but the line was delivered so badly that I burst into long, thunderous laughter! <br /> <br /> Now we get to the climax, and now you will also understand why I took the time to start the review with a description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of insignificant drama and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see him, and for about 10-15 minutes a couple of murderers go around trying to assassinate Michael. Regarding this climate sequence, I have to say one thing: it was really nice! But not because of the killers: they were pretty boring. I really liked the work. He had good music and real fantastic pieces. And, from what little he showed us, it seemed that the story had echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was a work of gold, and I bet Michael Corleone was happy to let his son go from law school to music. My greatest wish is this: that Francis Ford Coppola simply filmed Anthony Corleone's work for 169 minutes and abandoned the rest of the wet melodrama. Better yet, I wish he hadn't done "The Godfather: Part III". Part II gave us the perfect ending. This spin off was self-indulgent and useless. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not an instinctive reaction to the film. I watched all 3 Godfather movies over a month ago (although I was watching the first one). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Part III have not been fucked (in fact, I had set the level rather low for this after what I heard), but it also means that I enjoyed thinking about all three things films . While at first I was a little disappointed with Part II, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But with Part III, it was bad to start, then it got worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop at the first part, but if they also look at the second part, they will most likely go to the third part. If you have the will, look at Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
