This 1973 remake of the 1944 Billy Wilder classic movie, "Double Indemnity", is a textbook example of how to destroy a great script. This B-grade TV forage also illustrates the folly of remakes in general. While Hollywood has gone after greedy executives who color black and white movies and sought disclaimers on wide-screen movies that are shown in pan-and-scan versions, the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on taking a classic movie and decreasing it with a poor remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic is to modify the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work was interrupted for half an hour to adapt the finished film to a specific time slot with space for commercials. He then updates the production with bland, color photography, elegant and sophisticated sets and familiar actors. Thus, the brand new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the evocative black-and-black-noir cinematography that has improved the atmosphere and characterizations of the original. Gone are the dusty, shady, claustrophobic sets that explained the protagonists' desires to escape their situations at any cost. The ties between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis are over. <br /> <br /> The look of Jack Smight in "Double Indemnity" is more "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer house to die for, and Neff's comfortable pillow would be hard to afford for the salary of an insurance salesman, not to mention the Mercedes sports convertible he drives. No character has any apparent reason to kill for a paltry $ 200,000. If not money, then maybe kill for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are as lustful as those between a brother and a sister. Crenna fails to capture Neff's cynicism, and his attempts at double breathing and sexual suggestion fall horribly flat. Eggar is a little better and lacks sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of an apparently subtle and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb runs a worthy performance like Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three principals have all done a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no plausible reason to produce this miserable remake except to fill the time in a broadcast program. There was no plausible reason to resurrect this dud on DVD and package it with the original film, except to fill a double-disc package. The only lesson that can be drawn from this mistake is that even a great script and dialogue can be ruined with poor fusion, lackluster direction and TV quality production values. The "Double Allowance" of 1973 should be titled "10% Compensation", because its display only underlines the perfection of 100% of the original film.
