The murder and insurance frauds take an adulterous couple for "the end of the line" ... <br /> <br /> The TV was visually vulgar in the early 1970s and this truncated knock-off, made for the TV hurt my eyes. It certainly cannot be compared to the 1944 classic with Billy Wilder Film Noir, as anyone in their mind should know invisible -sight, but this does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity. Although based on Paramount's original screenplay, there is more than half an hour cut and the director's bland indifference makes what remains imminent to be forgotten. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not interested in watching the old black and white movies on TV in 1973 (still true today, alas), so this frightening and compelling story was new to the vast majority of viewers; then as now, the rule of the rankings and the collection was his only reason for being. Gus Van Zandt remade Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons and if these reductions led to the search for original films or novels, all the better. I loved the James M. Cain novel enough to tune in and I liked this time capsule for the second time for long hair, tops, turbans, ugly furniture and lush coppery strands of "guest star" Samantha Eggar, who has no tried too much. In addition to recognizing some of the casual casts of a childhood spent in front of the boob tube, Lee J. Cobb managed to keep my interest as a tired and tired-looking Keyes, but the amiable and harmless Walter Neff of Richard Crenna just reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. The improvement of the original was, of course, never intended in a hurry to make a penny, but instead of a mindless reconstruction, a new adaptation of the novel would have been an original idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations and the horrible shark fins at the end of the moon are killer. The completist in me is grateful that the "Me Decade" update has been included as part of the DOUBLE INDEMNITY extra DVDs but the experience has not only made me want to see the original, it has longed me for any episode of the COLUMBO better realized TV Series. I also went back to a movie of the ABC TV week of 1973 that I haven't seen since its initial airing: LINDA by John D. Macdonald starring the beautiful Stella Stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who kills her lover (sexy John Saxon ) wife and then frames her gentleman for the crime and, if I remember correctly, there is also a permanent ending. Like the DOUBLE BONUS, it was uselessly redone with the queen of the TV movies Virginia Madsen as the titular fox and Richard Thomas as a billionth husband.
