When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of her towel-wrapped house, you realize that as a competent actress like Eggar, she doesn't have the hypnotic charm of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder had Stanwyck not only appear in a towel, but enters the scene on the balcony of the second floor of the house. And she doesn't "go out"; she appears, almost like magic. Walter Neff is staring at her from below on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much taller than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when first introduced. It's not just the towel. The towel adds seductive charm. His pose is like a Greek goddess who dominates her domain and, in a strange way, you feel as if, from the beginning, you were actually controlling the whole situation. It has a sexual power, even magical. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden inside. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. The remake knocked on Crenna's door. Stanwyck's replacement, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around her. There is no "appearance". She simply opens the door. The seductive superiority that grabs the public at Stanwyck's first appearance in 1944 is completely absent in 1973. He opens the door with a towel around him. It could be sexy in a way of Charlie's Angels, but it's not as mysterious. The remake directors seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The script may have said "Phyllis appears in a towel", so the makers of the remake simply follow the instructions and include the required towel. The point is not the towel. The point is the enigmatic quality of Phyllis and the potential power she exercises. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her mystique. The makers of the remake gave her a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in choosing the shot, he lost all the mystique of Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Even Richard Crenna seems annoyed. He seems to be "acting" and not in the middle of the dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks so much like a 70s actor. Cannot enter the 40s. When MacMurray first speaks into the microphone, sweat begins to drip from his face. There is no sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I didn't have the money, and I didn't have the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I didn't have the money, and I didn't want the woman." Did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the whole point of the story? Or were they ridiculing for a television audience? <br /> <br /> This TV movie is a version of the numbers. All the sharp edge of the original is lost. The only highlight, perhaps, is Lee J. Cobb in the role made famous by Edward G. Robinson. But it cannot save the loss of intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is a forgettable TV movie probably made by the same people who made "Gilligan's Island". They could also try to redo "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If mediocrity is the best one can hope for, what's the point? The 1944 classic is a film with a capital "F". This TV remake deserves a "F" rating or, perhaps, a "D" for fools.
