Oh if only I could give this junk less than a star! There were two slightly funny parts in the whole movie and that's it! one was the point where a line or two of the song Do not Worry, Be Happy was sung by snails and the other was where Roddy fell from the water roll and landed with his feet and legs so that everything else landed on the down he hit him in the groin. I mean, there was nothing more fun than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not right in saying "Fans of the terrible" Shrek "could have fun, but fans of" Wallace & Gromit "will probably walk away in disgust". How I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I also love Wallace and Gromit. See what comes down to the fact that if an animation is performed very well, then it is definitely worth looking at, but this was as far as possible from what you can get! The errors of continuity were too numerous. Some were indicated by the creators of this site that others were not. I will not highlight all the others, but here are some others to see: When the young daughter starts at the beginning of the film, the catch towards the door of the cage goes down and the hook part that is on the right clearly returns behind the knob round, thus ensuring that Roddy is not able to get out, yet he does so simply by kicking him. At one point the ruby ​​falls off Roddy's back and is pushed upwards by Rita for as long as the ship moves forward. In the next scene Roddy captured him again. This is impossible. Seeing how the ship is moving forward, the only place where the ruby ​​was ejected from behind Roddy's shirt, the only place he could have landed was in the water, not in Roddy's hand. There was a third party that I wanted to point out, but for now I have forgotten. <br /> <br /> Too many, for lack of a better word, the "jokes" were repeated in one way or another, there was not enough time to establish any kind of connection with any of the characters, the characters were empty, superficial and empty, and the whole movie let you want .... wanting to look at 85 minutes of anything else! Drying the paint or growing the grass are two superb options!
