A very young Ginger Rogers exchanges quick jokes and setbacks with rival journalist Lyle Talbot in this mysterious 1933 murder by Poverty Row director Allied Productions. Does the film open with a wealthy businessman who takes a header from the roof garden of a high building, or was it a lover's apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the beginning of the film, that of Miss Terry, the secretary of the dead victim, along with her Pat Morgan newspaper. Mistakenly phoning his story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of his card rewriting desk, he is fired for his efforts when his boss finds out he was expelled. <br /> <br /> Here's an enigma - it's revealed during the Police Inspector Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation into Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had been employed as a secretary for three weeks. Why exactly? After the fact it would have made sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but first? The clues are dropped regarding the association of Harker with a well-known mobster who lives conveniently in the same condominium, but, again, that association is not relevant until it is all connected to the Peterson janitor (Harvey Clark). And who is inventing all the phone cards with the snake running an HSSS, with the words "will you hear it" cut and glued underneath? Apparently, the hissing sound of a snake was the sound produced by the apartment's radiator system, which Peterson transmitted poison gas into the rooms of potential victims, like Mrs. Coby in the apartment under Harker. But in response to a question put to Inspector Russell about the death of Mrs. Coby, he responded "apparently" to the cause of the strangulation. <br /> <br /> These are rather conflicting plot points that made the film a bit unsatisfactory for me. Peterson's revelation as the villain of this piece falls under rather gruesome circumstances, since we see him filling Miss Morgan's unconscious body in the building's incinerator furnace! However, and mark another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge room in the basement when Peterson lights the furnace; she made her escape, but how? And still pretty like a picture. And who will be able to pull the collar off if only from the milfel police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in an opening scene fell into his own feet entering a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all those critics who have found "A Shriek in the Night" to be a satisfying whodunit, I believe any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a real "The Usual Suspects "by comparison. If you need a reason to watch the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but know that it doesn't dance.
