I just saw a pre-screening tonight. What can I say? It lives up to the mediocre trailer run, even if it says nothing. He did absolutely nothing that no film has ever done before, and he played in such a cliché way that in the end I got to the point where I stopped laughing just because I was laughing with the audience, and instead I let the movie without humor played out. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have the least spectacular main character trying to get back with his ex-girlfriend but he's not good enough for her, check. We have the three friends who all have their "personality": one is the best friend who tries to get the best friend of the girl's protagonist, but is constantly refused, another friend is the super embarrassing who cannot live seeing the positive in all 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and is launched for one-liners (which in this case are just a bunch of movie references, especially from Disney), and the third guy whose name you will never remember but that is there to complete the square and throws comforting messages to those who will take care of listening ... check. We have the girl's former boyfriend and her parents **** - block the relationship in every way possible when things are looking up, not to mention the embarrassing family members on the main character's side ... check. We have an hour downer in the movie where everyone is depressed, check. We have the "funny" moments of the film coming from incessant curses, people falling or being hit, scenes from the trailer and homosexual allusions ... check. And I would call it a spoiler, but we have an ending that takes place exactly as we thought it would be revealed before we even saw the movie ... check. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this could have ... no, wait ... it should have been a PG-13 movie. All that had to be unhooked were all the F bombs. Honestly, he would have gotten a lot more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this kind of humor, he would have had less media exposure, and so he wouldn't be so obnoxious to people like me that should try to keep it higher than the recent R level comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this film is so embarrassing that it does not fit what ordinary people are looking for. I bet even the actors were often upset by some of the dialogues and actions they had to broadcast on the camera. Put it this way ... at the theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and the others laugh. When this movie reaches Showtime and you're checking it out at 2:00 pm on a day off, you may be inclined to switch channels. The only thing that will keep you looking is the warmth of Alice Eve (which is not a nice 10, but still very nice). <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, this film gave a lot of subplots to the side of the sidewalk and seemed to forget to write more story they tried to develop at the beginning of the film, where everything else flies away from the window. So there is a main resolution, but what happens? It is never really clear, nor does it allow the ending to be "good" with the brusca. <br /> <br /> There was only one thing that was not worth anything in this film, and that was the good soundtrack. Apart from the good choice of alternative rock songs of the 90s, there was a nice cheerful score that played in some parts of the film (more at the beginning) that reminds me of something that David Holmes would have confused / composed. I would give them props for a great choice of sounds. <br /> <br /> One last thing, this film was probably filmed sometime last summer, because the Pepsi sponsorship, involuntary but proud, showed the yellow caps they had during that Rock Band promotion. I only imagined that many Rock Band players would have come across that if I had seen it. But I say keep your money. If this was PG-13 and you were 15 on a Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say you have to jump out. Otherwise, it definitely passes. He doesn't try to compete with the R-rated films of the last few years, and ideally it's not as good.
