Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was obviously received in several ways: some were horrified, others were shocked, others applauded courage. However, I am completely intact, bored and I can't stop wondering why the display of incoherent and incoherent images that vaguely orbit a central theme are considered an intellectual journey. What was this film really about? Growing sexuality in a woman? I've seen great movies on this subject, but this is not one of them. How can one try to portray a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative tool to dream (in the nude) of beasts. Where there are no characters, there is no character study. The woman persecuted by the beast was not a teenager, the girl who had sex with the black butler (is he also described as a beast?) He has a very grown attitude towards sexuality, so where is the coherence? Is it a film about religion? If so we would need a little more thematic material than a priest without function, character and charisma, but with a strong desire for two young boys. <br /> <br /> Is it about bestiality? The metaphorical feeling of the film prohibits any realistic examination of bestiality, especially if the realistic examination requires realistic characters. So no real bestiality here. Some mythical animals and two priests talk to each other about the sin of bestiality. Enough for a university essay on the subject? I don't think so. <br /> <br /> Is it about sex? Is it something? I do not know. I just know that showing a gun does not make a movie a war movie. Addressing a topic must mean something more than showing one's associations with the topic. <br /> <br /> So look through the controversy. Don't be afraid of bestiality, nudity, ejaculations, masturbation and things like that. I'm not. Watch it while you watch another story and you may find that this is a badly made, poorly written, poorly interpreted (okay, some photos are very nice, and the main character is a really beautiful looking girl) masturbation brain of a director who thinks he beats in a slow and hypnotic way will make an intelligent story. It is not so. Makes it boring.
