No, I'm not going to do it here. I refuse to follow the program. Don't you think that maybe this movie is just a little overrated? Look at readers' comments and their star ratings: most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is a case where assessments can say more about the people who show them than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated bestiality complete with horse-riding couplings have become traditional successes like DVD titles in the catalog? I watched this film with a pervasive sense of anticipation, expecting the fireworks, and instead I found someone who triggered a Gucci shopping bag. It looked fantastic, but once the thrill was spent, even the end of the film didn't do much to save it. <br /> <br /> The background story of the film says it all: the director films about 25 minutes of beastly sex for another film, is informed that the movie will not be appropriate, puts it aside, waits two or three years to increase critical acclaim, then build an entire feature in about 25 minutes, filming about 70 minutes otherwise unrelated, incredibly boring movies and inserting the 25-minute fragment as a dream sequence. That the 25 minutes of film in question are surprisingly bizarre, original and shocking in a deliberate and calculated way is obvious. But we're not here to evaluate that only 25 minutes, we have to consider the whole movie, and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about the movie? Or are they simply in love with his background story and his story of being banned by people stupid enough to be offended? <br /> <br /> Maybe it's an anticlerical agenda that appeals to them. Hating the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few socially acceptable bastions of intolerance - Just today it was revealed that the BBC usually distorts their transmissions with anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiments in promoting political correctness. You can say anything you want about the Bible, pedophelic priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how much white men and their inhuman religions suck the rippled skin from a golf ball ... But you say a bad thing about non-westernized religions and you are toast. This film was tailor-made for a feeling like that, with an annoyed and wrinkled priest who has an unhealthy relationship on the screen with two 14-year-old French boys complete with inappropriate touch, servile, stroking, fumbling, tapping and beating. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are horse breeds, photographed in a fetishistic detail on the first floor which portions of the film could be used as visual aids for a biology lesson on animal breeding. Yes, I understand the thematic relevance of the imaginary - large animal phallus with a large amount of reproductive fluids just waiting to be unleashed as fire extinguishers - but if you wanted to watch horses, you know, do it, I'd like to go live a farm. Having genitals in your face is as fun as watching someone use a bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film just a sort of artistic diversion for social deviants? Probably, although I will grant the artistic execution of most of it, I will shoot in a kind of artistic detail that even has a pond of peonies coming from a painting by Monet, complete with an arched bridge. And the ending (which I too managed to surprise myself with) makes it wrap up in an accurate package, even if unpleasant. But it must be remembered that there are some things that cannot be deconstructed for their design elements and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work to give a sort of gravitas that would not have been realized without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has fallen on impulse with his new film on Iwo Jima. The fact that his film is valid is a separate consideration from the fact that the battle was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will line up to give them Oscars because of their noble message - not because it's a particularly good or original film. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem a strange parallel, I see one with THE BEAST: how can you not see the basic beauty of nature in the sight of two horses that mate? And who can't see the logical climax of sexuality repressed by fairy tales in the explosive set of the film in which Beauty and the Beast finally plays the villain? Somehow I managed to lose both points, and I am happy to have seen this movie so that I could sweep it as if it really were: 25 minutes or more of eye opening above the images of fairy tales for adults surrounded by 70 minutes of Euro Trash's draining boring and boring skull for a guy who cuts himself a haircut, and a fantastic ending. It is certainly an art, but it sucks. <br /> <br /> 3/10
