What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The most thin and duck actress in the world (even more duck-like and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) rips her bony ass, making cretinated faces that Bugs Bunny would be ashamed of, in one of the most animated animated TV series ever. This is also the most annoying one-hour television program, so the worst. <br /> <br /> All men behave like pansies, and I for one refuse to believe that even hip-big-city timidisers are all like deltas-men-like like this I'm sorry (short) deck. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more annoying than Calista Flockofducks with his false obstacle to the word "shshshs" in Hollywood: it's the kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" turning it into an idiotic "SH" that Jon likes Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal. Watching MacNicol talk, I always wonder why his jaw doesn't get dislodged ... Human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronunciation of the "SH" sound more than three times per second. It is a marvel of medicine. <br /> <br /> This mixture of ill-conceived and written legal drama / comedy also features some very '90s PCs. It has a POLITICAL CORRECTNESS written with huge neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a group of LAWYERS who are full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Laughable, but that's how defense lawyers have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what is more noble than defending a murderer, a rapist or a thief? When a delayed TV series like "Ally McBeak" starts preaching in America as it should handle the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of the recent and large-scale Western outsourcing, and a perpetrator of it. <br /> <br /> The alleged touches of "eccentricity", like the annoyingly UNBELIEVABLY musical numbers, are unconvincing and embarrassingly unattractive. This is not a Monty Python. Regardless of "new" to which the talentless creators of this junk were aiming, they failed with honor. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized television company aimed at indiscriminating yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It's yet another boring "canceled objection backed by your honor, I can call the witness" legalistic nonsense that the American public seems to devour with taste for some strange reason ...
