Office work, especially in this era of computers, multifunctional photocopiers, electronic mail, voice mail, ordinary mail and "temps" is a mature territory with satirical possibilities, a vein previously used in films such as "Clockwatchers" and "Office Space, and with great success. This latest addition to the temp / humor pool, however, "Haiku Tunnel", directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, fails to live up to its predecessors, and leaves laughter from some part outside the door, waiting for an opportunity to sneak in. Unfortunately for the public, that possibility never comes, so what you get is a nice attempt, but as the man once said, no cigar. <br /> As the narrator / protagonist of the film, Josh Kornbluth (playing Josh Kornbluth), emphasizes in the opening frames (in a monologue delivered directly to the camera), this story is pure fiction and takes place in the city f "San Francisco" fish farm. It's an innovative disclaimer, though not very imaginative, and it's not that funny. It is, however, a forerunner of what has to follow, which - like the disclaimer - is not so funny. <br /> <br /> Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who claims to be working as a "temp". It's a job that suits him, and gives him time to put some work on his novel from time to time. But when he goes to work for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith) does too good a job on the first day, and Shelby sends chief secretary Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to persuade him to pass the permit. ' The thought of working full time for the same company, however, initially fears fear in the heart of Kornbluth, but yields and signs for the position. He's nervous, but at least now the other secretaries recognize his presence (which, of course, they would never do with a timing), and if things get too difficult, he has seventeen important letters he has typed - which now only have to be mailed - to start over (he held them back because the mailing is the easy part, and he needs "something easy to do" in reserve, in the event that everything does too much). These are "important" letters, however, and by the end of the week, Kornbluth still has them in reserve, on his desk. And it doesn't take a genius to understand that when Shelby finds out, the days of Kornbluth like blond hair will be over. It's fast. <br /> <br /> The Kornbluth brothers, who not only directed, but together with John Bellucci also wrote the screenplay for this film, should have taken a page from Ben Stiller's Comedy Book, where he says "If you play straight, they laugh ". But they didn't and the public didn't. Because in comedy, even looking at it as objectively as possible, when the main character (as well as most supporting characters, in this case) "Plays" is funny - as in, he "knows" that it's fun ... it never is. And that's exactly what Kornbluth does here; so, rather than being "amusing", a grave error of judgment by the Kornbluths appears insincere and pretentious, because, by allowing it, they have sabotaged their film. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to discern exactly why this film does not work, there are two fundamental reasons: the direction, which - if not necessarily "bad" - is at least oblivious; and secondly, the performances, starting with that of Josh Kornbluth. Quite simply, Kornbluth simply seems too impressed with himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - they both use self-deprecating humor very effectively - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply won't let himself get into that light; he seems to need to let his audience know that he, the real Kornbluth, is actually a lot smarter than Kornbluth the character. And not being able to overcome what he does, as well as the film. Rather than giving the millions of employees who could see this film someone they can relate to or identify with, Kornbluth has a condescending attitude that only serves to drive away the people he is trying to reach. So, everything that comes down to this is a case of bad direction and unconvincing acting, and when one considers that the script itself was weak to begin with, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of rich topics), it is easy to see why this doesn't really fly. <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves the film is Warren Keith's performance as Shelby, whose subtle delivery is convincing and which - in and of itself - is quite amusing. it has diminished, however, as Keith has to share his scenes with Kornbluth, who somehow automatically cancels his positive contributions to the project. <br /> <br /> Even Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) manage to keep their heads above water with their respective performances, which are commendable, if not entirely memorable; at least they make sure their scenes are watchable and Overman even manages to improve Kornbluth's performance, even if only temporarily. But it's still not enough to save the day or the movie. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy the Mail Clerk), with the cameo appearance of a messy Harry Shearer , as the leader of guidance - a role that asks for an answer to the question, "What was he thinking when he accepted this?" In any work environment, there will always be situations that in one way or another will inevitably become fodder for someone's comic cannon, and the films that portray these situations will always be with us; the good (see paragraph 1) can even become classics in turn. `Haiku Tunnel ', however, will probably remain very long among them, because its destiny lies elsewhere, in a realm known only as:" Obscurity ". I consider this 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
