Unfortunately the print of the movie we were going to see was burned in the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we were stuck with the video. It could also be a metaphor for this second-rate King Kong movie from Toho's brave director, Ishiro Honda. Essentially it is a heating for "King Kong versus Godzilla". He even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course the film culminates with King Kong fighting Mecha-Kong atop the Expo tower in Tokyo, but if you didn't know it back then maybe you were in the age range this movie was destined for. <br /> <br /> The cast is directed by a guy named Rhodes Reason we had never heard of ... looking at his list I see mostly a lot of scattered American TV credits, so it's interesting that the they dragged to Japan so they could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the most sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from the iconic version of Hiroshi Inagaki of "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from the original films Godzilla by Honda. I'm sorry, Rhodes Reason, whoever you are, but this guy has a lot more presence on the screen and you can bet everyone wants it to end with the pretty little blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way Reason always found a way to meddle between Miller and Takarada, which he seemed to prefer. Of course, like all women leaders of Kong, his main relationship is with the King himself. He discovers a nice trick: if you talk to a giant monkey really ..... really ... slowly ... he will understand what you are saying. And if you're a blonde girl, it means she'll do everything you tell her to do. This fact is not lost on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - who represent a "nation that must not be named" - who plans to use it as a bait to persuade Kong to dig up deposits of minerals that are trapped at the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is really the plot of the entire film - apparently only a giant monkey will be able to dig these minerals that can be used to create powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuits are in the way, so they decide to go for the real Kong. Kong himself momentarily seems infatuated with Mecha-Kong, an element of history that may have made the film more interesting but not followed. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the cute blonde screamed "Kong" or "King Kong" in her chirping voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let him go eventually, they are talking for everyone we. Basically this film squanders any majesty that was possible in Kong's character making it a heroic and friendly figure too soon, just like the most recent version of the story. Kong is just a guy in a suit and tie in this movie, and they show him quite a bit to the point where the fool becomes impossible to take seriously. It's a beautiful film, I'm sure it meets the demands or desires of fans of this kind of thing, which is actually more of a wrestling movie than a monster movie in many ways. Monsters never really get scared in these movies, they just jump around and push each other. It's not a worthless film, but it's extremely predictable and formidable, so for anyone under the age of 10 or maybe it's just going to be fun as a comedy.
