This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75-minute B & W movie from Minnesota that features non-actor actors and about two people seeking a connection through a quest for alien life. I express my applause at the audacity of the Reel 13 programmers to think outside the box during the selection of this film. I just hope they chose a stronger film with which to be bold. In fact, I wonder if the choice has more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself (not that DUE PORTI is completely devoid of merit, but we'll get there a little later). <br /> <br /> As is common with independent films, TWO PORTS is limited in terms of position. Are there only two real places ?? a large garbage market and a very young trailer, which is the home of the middle-aged main character, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses the market setup to provide an exhibition on Vic, who is one of the retailers there. Do you have several people going to Vic and starting very long conversations that give us only two information? Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "action figures in outer space") and is a caustic asshole. This is emblematic of one of the two key problems with TWO PORTS - all the chats. I said it before and I'll say it again ?? we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers have to work harder to visually tell their stories. There are exceptions, of course, but in general, an infinite patter is not so engaging in the film ?? particularly if the dialogue is used as an exposition. Virtually all conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily lengthy. A noteworthy example are some scenes in which Vic tries to portray himself as a Boy Scout leader to get a discount in a store. He discusses with the clerk back and forth and these scenes do not even advance the plot. This is the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute movie look like. <br /> <br /> The other problem with TWO HARBORS is acting. I could be a little snotty when it comes to performance in movies, but I don't really think there's a good excuse for not having good actors in your films. Are there many good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work on low-budget projects ?? also in Minnesota. Many directors avoid the importance of acting skills as secondary compared to their graphics, but it is naive. In the production of narrative films, next to the plot, nothing is more important than the recitations / interpretations. If you don't believe people who stage your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> I originally thought that Vculek used the non-actors, but as the film went on, I decided they were probably theater actors. It wasn't like they were uncomfortable with the camera. Is that they were excessively theatrical (ie large). Of course, the best of the actors were the two protagonists ?? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson in the role of Cassie, a lonely girl who is captured in Vic's extra-terrestrial hunt. They seemed to have more training, but they were still a bit rough around the edges. The eccentricities they showed seemed only superficial - they didn't come from a real, organic place inside. Mrs Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Surely you have a presence ?? a Midwestern charm about her, but that charisma hides the multitude of problems her character should have. Struggle to portray the idiosyncrasies that derive from an alleged life of solitude and (slave?) Work, relying on reserve gestures like eyes, lips that bite and stutter to suggest his discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO PORTS is not completely devoid of merit and this is what I mean. Without giving too far, there is a fade in white for an hour in the film. After this, does the story take a surprising turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and decidedly powerful ?? it's like a sucker in the intestine, but in a good way. It's almost a huge relief to try something with these characters after so long. The last five minutes of the film have no dialogue and the result is the best part of the film ?? subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work in the film) and, above all, cinematographic. So, with the end credits comes the most stunning revelation of all ?? which is based on a true story, which made me think. With all the dialogues, the minimal settings and the lack of cinematic qualities, it occurred to me that with two actors of bullies and a restrictive rewrite, TWO HARBORS could make a really kick-ass scene game? maybe even a single act. If there are daring theater producers out there reading this, I highly recommend seeing if you can get a hold of the movie and contact the director, Reel 13 or anyone. Could there be anything in this story, after all ?? <br /> <br /> (for more information on this or any other Reel 13 film, check out their website at www.reel13.org)
