Genghis Cohn is a (very) slightly funny British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s who is haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian who killed 15 years earlier while serving under Hitler in the SS. The ghost returns and wants his murderer to live as a Jew to expiate the murders committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman really knows the name of this ghost because, the last thing he did before he died was he said, in Yiddish, "kiss my ass." The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around until he found the meaning. The "kiss my ass" left such an impression that everyone involved in that murder learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Genghis Cohn. <br /> <br /> There are a group of men killed in the police commissioner's jurisdiction and there are no useful clues. The men are killed with a series of knives missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the inspector is in the shop to get a liver and onion sandwich, so the inspector is a suspect. The first man is killed while making love with the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher claims he would be very busy if he killed every man who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of love. <br /> <br /> I think I might be a little more angry than Genghis Cohn's ghost if I was killed like him. He seems to be very good-natured, as if he were in a slight car accident. I can only assume that it is because it is a British film and are known to be a very polite people. He uses some of his materials from his stand-up routing, and I didn't find it very funny. <br /> <br /> I gave this film a 4 because it was just a little silly. I thought he should have been a little more serious than he was. The film turns out to be a mysterious murder (where does this come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than him. The film gave me a tiny look at Jewish culture, but it was just profound. Do all Jews love liver and onion sandwiches? Do they all say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their daily vocabulary? Aren't there more important things we should know about culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this film in a Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room whose hair wasn't completely gray or white. (I don't have gray or white hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to talk about the movie. There were 2 main concerns expressed there: 1. The film was too light and future generations might not understand the gravity of what happened and 2. While the Holocaust survivors are dying, future generations will not know what it really is It happened. I thought this second concern was ridiculous and told them I thought they didn't have to worry because there are tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like watching movies like me. The murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I write this last paragraph because they have accused me of telling others about my experience that day.
