Billy Chung Siu Hung's (the bloody sword movie Assassin of 1993), Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993), is one of the strongest products of the Category III boom that inhabited HK cinema in the early 1990s. It consisted of films with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less free and only for shock. Love To Kill certainly belongs to the "more" category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. <br /> <br /> The psychologist HK Anthony Wong (of Herman Yau's award-winning The Untold Story of the same year) plays a businessman and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who for some reason does not leave him and saves himself and their young son from the disturbed jammer. A policeman (Danny Lee, the famous detective character of films like Dr Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and co-directed by Lee) and The Killer (1989) by John Woo to name just a few) sees the problem anyway and starts protecting his wife and son but Anthony obviously doesn't like it at all, and he leads everything in the typical ultra-brooding and graphic finale during a rain storm. <br /> <br /> The film is almost completely without any serious merit as it is just a piece of exploitation to cash in when these films were so popular. The imaginary and the events are something that is never found in Western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and everything becomes even more shocking when some / many taboos for Westerners, such as the violence and perversions witnessed by a child, are broken into these films so often reading the plots alone most viewers feel bad, and this goes perfectly for this movie too. <br /> <br /> The film still has a rather interesting and disturbing soundtrack in the tradition of the aforementioned Dr. Lamb who practically started the entire boom in 1992. Usually the music and soundtrack of the HK films are interesting and are added to the images, especially in these films of terror. It is also worth mentioning cinematography, because the film gets wet, especially in the final, with the blue colors and camera lenses (like Assassin), and the raging storm is pleasantly captured on the camera. Otherwise there is nothing that can judge the film higher than the meter of malice. <br /> <br /> Actors and actresses are talented and professional and therefore don't make the film worse with acting. Still the film has the usual HK humor that makes sick things worse, while a bit of "humor" is thrown into the soup. This includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on ... Something that could never be found in "serious" Western movies. And that thing usually destroys the mane of HK films otherwise noteworthy, since humor is such an obvious way and tries to entertain the public and the masses. <br /> <br /> The film has a very high level of outrage because it presents numerous scenes that describe Wong's wife's abuse in various ways. She is raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. We also see some flashbacks of Wong's childhood that turn out to be equally violent as his father also killed and transformed his young son into what he is now. These flashback scenes, mostly at the end of the film, also include some totally unexpected experiences as the imagination is accelerated (for example the blows of an ax) and this creates a crazy and reckless atmosphere at the scene. Again something that only HK's exploitative producers seem to be able to invent. The ending itself includes a lot of cold and sudden blood while the madman wields his ax and also encounters some nails, for example, on his furious way. <br /> <br /> The film is also sincerely rather "suspect" in my opinion because violence and terror are realistically painful and deal with things that should NEVER be taken as entertainment, mainly by rape. The version I saw (I saw two versions) includes a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that only tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure that the HK public really likes the imagery like this but I think that no one with a certain sense of morality in movies / entertainment would never accept or do something like that. Women are brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and low ways so that the fate of men seems almost meek compared to females. <br /> <br /> The other version I've seen, the DVD just released in HK (without subtitles) has this scene of "table brutality" in a much longer form than the subtitled Taiwanese DVD that is otherwise identical to the HK version. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from these two and since the credits are full of scenes and images not found in the film, it is impossible to say how these "uncut" versions have been released or shown theatrically they are . Obviously many shots have been cut, perhaps even before being released in theaters. <br /> <br /> The film was written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the former having also written films such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988) but from his other films that I've seen, Love to Kill is the most free. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story are both very brutal and violent, but they also have some attempts to criticize the authorities and men in general as it is easy to turn into a beast while chasing or fighting one. The harrowing images of torture of The Untold Story, the victim who is the criminal, is very strong and certainly has its impact on the change of something that could be rotten in society and between law enforcement, for example. But there is none of this in Love to Kill, it is just an honest, calculated and fast exploitation that is, by the way, produced by a veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993) "Wong! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill earns no more than 2/10 from me because I don't have too much appreciation for films like this. (HK) Cinema is meant to be and can be more and films like Love to Kill are just commercial parasites that live among the true pieces of art.
