"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a movie as such, but it is a short series of clips with a slapstick comic theme. This "movie" recognized Richard Lester and paved the way for him to direct the first Beatles film: "A Hard Day's Night". <br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This film, titled The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film, was to be seen only by those who had contributed to his production , since the film had to be seen only by Lester and his partners, a small amount of money and time was invested. The only purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact which served as an experiment to work with the camera. The film cost 70 pounds to be made, and was shot in sepia-tonal film in a field in a couple of Sundays. All the shots that were filmed were included in the finished production, the finished production is eleven minutes long. <br /> <br /> The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film is a comedy about English Sundays and the little hobbies that people make to pass the time and. All the events of this film take place in a field. Some of these comic events include a woman cleaning a lawn, a man running around a log with a needle to play a record, a photographer developing a film in a pond, an artist helping to paint with numbers on the face of a model, a man who builds a tent, an athlete running over the tent, and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. Not only does the film make fun of the hobbies that people make to pass the time, but it also makes fun of English culture over American culture. Another of the many events in this film includes a group of men and a kite, which was built outside the United Kingdom flag. One of the men jumps into the kite while the other men try to fly, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films of Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as lesser power and technology than the United States during the space age. According to this scene, the British pilot the primitive kites while the Americans, the world power after the second world war, fly with rockets and highly advanced space shuttles.
