There is NOTHING beautiful, elegant or intelligent about this film - the fact of appreciating it simply reveals an ignorance of true artistic cinema. How can you easily forget that the central fact of this film is that these people are ugly and bad. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they have to dismember strangers to "be a family again", then we DO NOT WANT them to "be a family". What part of this did you have difficulty grasping? Why applaud this filth? <br /> <br /> THIS silly filth is what you do if you can't make art! The head and the life must be deeply empty to confuse this superficial malice as "interesting". This is a brainless camera. What makes a work of art really interesting is the depth, questioning the status quo from a perspective informed by the knowledge of history (or, in this case, a knowledge of ANYTHING would be preferable!). Instead, this is only randomly accumulating the ugliest images available in a world in fusion, thanks to the only kind of empty glorified meanness as "cool cause is so far away, friend!" These same violent events really happen every day. They are NOT "only in the film". They refer to real people without a soul who would do the same things to YOU. Do you want these things done to you? A child could have thought of it, required zero imagination, it is NOT surrealism. This laziness has no content, it's not saying anything - it's just the worst news of the evening, and it's not saying anything new, nothing we don't already know. They are "the emperor's new clothes", the director hopes there are enough uneducated children, proud of their inhumanity, for this scruffy filth. I can see the demented fans of director Miike now: teenage smokers of the chain and drunk twenty-year-olds covered with tattoos, with metal hanging from holes punched in their faces, their knowledge base inversely proportional to their estimate of their own intelligence. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to do in this - it is just a pure exploitation of shock-worthy violence. There is no "hidden meaning" in this poorly made movie. It's great to explore a movie to see if you can find cinematic devices that are ingeniously artistic, BUT you can't discover a hidden meaning if you're not there! To do this you need to view and review a real piece of cinema. There are many out there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why don't you see a REAL art film like those of these giants? This aspiring director, Miike, will NEVER make a film the same as one of the genes I've just listed because he doesn't have the talent! Anyone could slap some chaotic crap like "Visitor Q." Teenagers could throw it together in an afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, not at all. There are long lists of art films to learn from - but THIS "visitor Q" is NOT an art film in any way. It has no content to it. It's just a trivial horror piled up on another, and the point to remember about those horrible crimes is that those things happen, every single day, somewhere in the world. They are NOT fine because they are "only in the film". They refer to real people without a soul who would do the same things to YOU. Do you want these things done to you? For others? Why? Because this world is bad enough, thanks to people who like to think of horrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are so many art movies out there to use your mind to deconstruct, but you're wasting your talents with this piece of shit. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years watching virtually all the films made and keeping up with the new ones, but I've never seen anything so disgustingly useless. It is not imaginative or even shocking, because these types of events happen every day all over the world. To make this film, or even to see it favorably, it has caused over 50 young aviators who do not know how to think it is "cool". They can grow up thinking that, by convincing others, some of whom could end up DOING these things - the doomed killers often reveal how they started out this way, being insensitive to the horror of this gruesome inhumanity. Trust me, I know, I know, and this piece of shit is NOT FANTASTIC. Visitor Q has the FEEL of a real SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure that it isn't. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already quite scary. Some violence like this could happen to YOU ​​or to the socially irresponsible director who gave life to this FAKE Art movie. Believe me, you won't think it's "nice" when someone saws your skull in half!
