(GREAT SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and this was the very disturbing and brutal 'Audition', which was an examination of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In 'Visitor Q' - which I think means 'Visitor Question' - it examines the family unit very disturbingly. Miike's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and film production, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the public, are introduced to a bizarre set of scenarios from the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo, who was actually quite good) who paid for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, while his father returns home, he is hit in the head by the "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) who wields a fairly large rock, and for some reason, both end up back in the family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and bullied by her son (Jun Muto) who is also beaten and abused by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, he somehow establishes himself threateningly as part of the unit. In the end, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, through breast milking, murder and maintaining a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer. He has an unpleasant humor, but is equally frustrating and stupid in its strangeness. There is a necrophilic scene that is completely disgusting, but ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can't believe the filmmakers and actors really do it! The style of the film is nothing short of poor, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and while I understand that this is not meant to be realistic, there is almost no interest in these characters and situations that confront each other, since everyone is on the verge of absurdity! Camera work is sloppy and doesn't have the cinematic feel that Lynch's work entails. It is difficult to take this film surrealistically seriously or to interpret family unity in Japan. It just seems that Miike was shocked, and the film seems aware of "trying" to be shocking, and it becomes almost comical to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say that this film is a bizarre dark comedy, but it seems and seems amateurish, and seems to want to unsuccessfully shock. Miike's previous film, Audition, was finely balanced between the disgusting horror, the character's development and the technique, which made it more intriguing how the film was made to allow the viewer to be absorbed by the plot . 'Visitor Q' is a step backwards because it tries too hard to be extravagantly bizarre and intentionally confronted, without really having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** on *****!
