I must say that this was a bit awkward for the "King of the Cowboys"; made in 1948, the film came out a decade after the first images of Roy Rogers in which he played a leading role. The character of Roy turns out to be a bit confused in this, along with his female co-star Jane Frazee, who alternates her alliance between Roy and Robert Livingston, playing the chief villain Bill Regan. The whole story seems a bit confusing, with missed opportunities for what could have been a fun occasion or so. Like the legend of "Hangman's Hotel", for example, which says that the hanged man comes to life at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher, you'd think the story would get away from that set up. Instead, you have some twisted proceedings that would have been better if it was a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt to find a haunted hotel that was based on poor old Genevieve, who actually ended up having more time on the Trigger screen, which is the contract as "the smartest horse in the movies" not he had nothing to say about getting overshadowed by a mule. And then Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage will replace Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I don't know about you, but it was already in the middle of the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> <br /> Yet there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking hard enough, and that turned out to be the athletic disassembly of Roy of Trigger while he was still on the run from the bad guys. OK, it was probably a double, but I haven't seen it in a couple of Westerns before. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee is the honor as the female protagonist in this photo, as she would do in four other films with Roy in the period 1947/1948. In "Under California Stars", she appeared as a cousin of Andy Devine, appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. You are never completely convinced which side will enter this story though, since he starts pretending to be someone he is not, and ends up on the good boy's side almost by accident. <br /> <br /> Fans of old Laurel and Hardy movies might be just as surprised to see James Finlayson here as the sintown sheriff. I would have liked some relief in the play written in his role, but he played it pretty straight after all. I had to wonder when it was all over, because he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) ended up in the pit of the mine with Cookie when there was no reason to be. I guess it's a way to close it, with the thought I saw in the rest of the photo. I hate being so tough, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers movies, you should know that this wasn't one of his best efforts. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if this is the same place that has grown to be Sin City?
