Here are the matches. . . (adv. = advantage) <br /> <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) against The Perfect Team (Mr. Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to go in a few seconds when Warrior sprays it by the pin (4-3 Warriors). I knew Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was so unhealthy why bother having him on paper? This would be his last PPV. In the end, both the Legion of Doom and the Demolition work cheaply through a double disqualification (2-1 adv Warriors). Perfect applies Perfect Plex on Texas Tornado for the pin. So he tries the same on Warrior but Warrior doesn't sell it and gets started. Warrior returns with a splash for Perfect pins and becomes the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation vs. Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The mysterious partner is The Undertaker and, in his debut, he immediately makes a clean sweep of Koko with The Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say his correct height, weight and finishing move while pretending not to know who he is) making him 4-3 to the team of Dibiase. Honky for the pin (3-3) and his career with the WWF is over. Shortly afterwards it is Niedhart who falls victim to Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 of the team of Dibiase). Rhodes after a double ax of Undertaker -passes the rope up high but not letting Brother Love quietly attack, Undertaker who chases Dusty and is counted despite not being the lawyer (2-1 of the Dibiase team) .Just soon, Greg is captured in a cradle Hart tries to put the figure in four legs on him and gets stuck Comes down to Hart v Dibia if and after a few minutes of good weather obstacle, Bret gets his body cross reversed by Dibiase for the brooch. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is put to good use. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending a some time in the ring, Marty Jannetty receives the power slammed by Warlord as he exits the top of the rope (4-3 adv Visionaries). Snuka is blocked in a few seconds by Martel who overturns his crossed body (4-2 adv Visionaries). Michaels is captured in the Power Plex and blocked by Rome (4-1 adv Visionaries). Roberts is now against four men who look like his Survivor Series two years earlier. Despite hitting Warlord with DDT, Roberts is counted while chasing Martel. Visionaries are the first team in the history of the Survivor series to survive completely as such. There is not much that is worth being honest since psychology is rushed. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): A Bossman cop eliminates Haku at the start of the fight (4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 to 4 after hitting Earthquake with it to be disqualified (3-3). Bravo commits suicide shortly after allowing Hogan to rock him for the pin (3-2 Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake manages to overcome Bossman with two elbows for the pin shortly after (2-2). Hogan is defeated and FINALLY Tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was there at this point?), Fighting for about 30 seconds before being counted with Earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian are gone. The barbarian suffers some nice offense, but inevitably he is caught in the big boot and in the leg he drops the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) against Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): all merchantmen wore camouflage paint. Lightning strikes here with Santana immobilizing Zhukov in his latest PPV in seconds (4-3 adv Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik showdown. Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram even though Tanaka was the lawyer (4-2 adv Alliance) and it would be his last appearance on the WWF PPV while The Orient Express was repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana stuns him with the flying forearm (Covenant 4-1). Despite Slaughter going up against four men, he eliminated Volkoff (whose career ended after this), Butch and Luke in that order with relative ease. In the end, Santana beats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally some interesting reservations even if the game was horrible. Santana takes the victory upset as the only survivor and becomes her last best time. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg hatches and it is Hector Guerrerro in a silly suit. She dances with Gene Okerlund and is booed by the crowd while Piper and Monsoon pretend to have fun. <br /> <br /> Match of Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel is Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations like Santana broach Warlord in a few seconds with the forearm advancing at least avenging his previous Summerslam defeat (4-3 of the Dibiase team). Dibiase stuns Santana afterwards for the pin (4-2 of the opponent of the Dibiase team). Hogan kicks off from The Power Plex and proceeds to block Rome after a clothesline, effectively killing the thrust of Power and Glory (3-2 of the Dibiase team's opponent). Hogan eliminates Martel from the count-out and Dibiase with the leg drop for the pin (2-1 of the Hogan team). Hogan finally allows Warrior to enter the game that will quickly get rid of the former nemesis Hercules after a dive. A predictable ending to nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Overall, too many games and too little time obviously had a negative effect as the wrestlers were almost waiting for a conveyor belt to be blocked. Most heels have been decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a mediocre way to handle a large team of wrestlers.
