Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funniest women on "Saturday Night Live". It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, have been on SNL during the longest period of not very formal writing and sketching (around 2002-2006) that the show has ever had. However, these two women know above all what is fun, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You'll notice in the credits of this film that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story for "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the actual screenplay, consisting of dialogues and all the important fill-in-the-blank material that turns a story into a multidimensional movie? Yes, only Shiraki. Only one boy wrote the dialogue for this film, and no woman apparently wrote the script with him. The result is a nice film about a spring cliché that doesn't spoil the fake holidays as much as it does as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even the co-star Parker Posey could have contributed to the script with their writing, it would have been much less cliché. The premise is original, being about thirty-two women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also in university) who never had the fun spring trip they supposedly dreamed of. I say "presumably" because you never know what's fun for these characters. They have entered talent shows in the past where they sing antithetical hymns like True Colors, and spend their evenings together organizing pizza parties. Although none of them is particularly attractive, the outside world seems to treat them as their own. There's a scene where a blind student of Poehler (played by Poehler's real husband, Will Arnett) asks her for a date, just to touch her face and immediately change her mind. If Poehler's character should be unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film continues to show promise, even though we have our doubts about the main characters, when Posey's boss, Texas senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) takes on Posey to watch over her unpopular college age daughter (Amber Tamblyn, playing another attractive woman in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in this movie) while she goes to a Laguna Beach-type vacation spot for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch arrive, reluctantly get drunk, party as they apparently should have when they were in college, and then the final showdown comes with the sorority whores led by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body that women and men would kill for different reasons. Unfortunately, his film career began unpleasantly with "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here, she plays a beautiful girl from the south, even though her voice seems to steal Delta Burke's voicemail. He stops a little too much, trying too hard to play a complacent bitch that comes out like a caricature of college students spoiled like the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly on DVD despite the stellar power of Amy Poehler, but rightly because the plot is too monotonous. It could also have been called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown", and the magazine would probably never have sued for trademark infringement due to free advertising. If the director Shiraki had given at least one woman the creative input, in particular Rachel Dratch, this film would have been great and not as trivial as the brotherhood comedies we have seen before. I know that Dratch will come up with another fun concept, and we hope it will be allowed to fill in the rest of the script. It's pretty funny, and it deserves better than this half-cooked comedy that Stiffler's brother would accept with open arms.
