I came out of this movie with the feeling that it could have been much better. Instead of what should be a compelling and tense story of a boy's struggle for survival in wilderness, it turns out as a National Geographic documentary meets Columbia sportswear advertising. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing for a plane trip to see his father. His mother casually gives him the strange choice of a hatchet as a forward gift (what's wrong with a Rubik's cube?), Not knowing how soon he needs it. Once in the air, the pilot of the plane (a cameo of blinking and poop by Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless as the plane crashes into a lake. Extremely lucky to walk (or rather swim) practically unharmed, Brian has to find shelter, food and hope of rescue. <br /> <br /> Here is where the main problem of the film begins. By the very nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has a few lines to talk about, so the film should have compensated by increasing the tension of each scene. Instead, it is shown walking, sitting, and so on, with only the slightest sense of danger. As a result, too much confidence is attributed to flashbacks to parents' problematic marriage as a source of tension. These scenes intrude and do not add much to the plot. Even worse, sometimes Jared ?? his face covered with mud - emits a scream or two primitives, which evokes unfortunate parallels with "Predator". Speaking of unfortunates, we could have done without seeing his mullet, but presumably helped him keep it warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a performance as totally ineffective as her mother. Both she and her father have minimal impact in the film. For example, we are never shown how they react to the news of Brian's disappearance, how they could organize rescue attempts and so on. This is just a source of tension that the directors would have done well to explore instead of spending so much time in events that happened before Brian took his journey.
