You're at the price of one! So it's a golden moment for Cinegoers. It's not true? This is not one, not two, but all the love stories of SIX, a cast of bollywood stars, as well as all the stories of the genre of your favorite directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You'll see every damn kind of love story you've enjoyed or tolerated for years. So not a big deal for you. Do you need anything more than this? No sir, thanks. Why sir? Now stop. Please save us. They have signed all the best stars that manage to sign, whether they are requested or not, so they end up creating a circus of stars, believe it or not. Too crowded Every thing depicted here is exactly as it is prescribed in the Bollywood novels textbook. Also you have to justify the length of each story, since everyone has stars. Therefore, it is too long, three hours more. The gags are filmy. The characters are filmy. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution ?? yes you guessed it right, again? filmed, tested and tested. Hundreds of dancers are dancing in colorful costumes in the background. Why don't they have other work to do? All couples are sugary, fairy-tale type, perfect photos. All are beautiful. Every story begins in a perfect way and therefore it should end even in that impossible way impossible? Too random. It is not possible to connect to a single story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times before. Abnormal fictional stories, unreal, bloody evasive considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian cinema. What a mockery of the sensitivity of today's public? Yes, it could have worked as a travesty if it had simply paid tribute to past love stories, but unfortunately that thing was not explored either. At least, the director Nikhil Advani should have tried an unconventional, unconventional love story, but then what will happen to the tradition of living up to the pothole brigade brand of the commercial bollwood? Oh! Someone has to continue, no. Imagine that on one hand the public has difficulty sitting in one of these love stories and here we have six times the pain. I mean you damn stories. I mean double the fun of Chopra's Mohabbatein (Year 2000) In this age and time, take something real, guys. Now we are desperately trying to see people not so colorful and stories not so bright. Oh, what did you say a while ago, come on, it's entertainment. My advice, please don't waste your time from now on reading those reviews. Go instead, have a little more fun! Thank you.
