Another cast of big stars, another glamorous set, another famous director, another film full of songs that is going beyond the graphic, but unfortunately what's missing at the end of the day is a story that every viewer expects from a movie like this cheap. There is a lot of hype about what was lurking in the movie before it was the red carpet premiere. A clamor that went to the extent that Anil Kapoor predicts that the film would be one of the most beautiful love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well Anilji, which movie were you talking about? Well, the plot of the film is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a totally different position towards life, but despite their different approach to life they all have a common problem, this is LOVE. Well, really a fascinating subject. But we didn't expect the film to be so boring as to bring down the last expectation that the public would have from a film like a multistarrer. These are some of the films that I totally regret because after spending a big penny for a multiplex ticket I find myself stuck in the theater for 4 hours waiting for the climax only in agony. <br /> <br /> Trouble starts right from the start. The director is so confused with the plot that somewhere he too is baffled about how to share the time slot of six different casts of stars. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan- (Whoever is the female in front of him) makes no sense for their existence in the film. Salman (who calls himself a rahul in a strange way for the whole movie. Well something like Rahoooooool) again as usual tries to be cooler with his Hindi accent Videsi. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish gets married, at least go and get some advice from Abhishek to improve your acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the film a box office hit every time. And Anilji stops shaving the brand's beard or you look like a eunuch. And kissing a girl your daughter's age doesn't seem as cool as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please Nikhilji avoids inserting such superfluous scenes in a film that is not absolutely necessary for shooting. <br /> <br /> The other big flaw in the film was the lack of perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. Each story itself seems to be taken from different films, put together to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood has yet to learn a lot from films like Snatch, Memento where the director knows the perfect art of threading different unrelated sequences to form a perfect storyline. <br /> <br /> Somewhere while I was evaluating the pre-release movie reviews someone predicted that the movie would not be good because the title of this film is added to the number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in Numerology. But I totally want to say that the film will fail not because of its numerological flaws, but because of the myriad defects that persisted in the film. And when filmmakers like Nikhil Advani are able to make important mistakes in the whole plot of the film, any wonder would not have saved the film from the box office bombing. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for all of you guys is, please avoid watching this movie at any cost. It is not worth a cake that you pay for the ticket. There are currently better movies on theater screens, which are worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
