Who are these "them" - the actors? the directors? It certainly couldn't be the public - this is among the most air-blown productions in existence. Is it the kind of movie that seems a lot of fun to shoot? TOO much fun, nobody is doing a real job, and almost always makes a movie that is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter wears glasses to bring back the status of his character as a sort of doppleganger of the dental technician Bogdanovich; the breezy Lady Stratten scenes are sweet, but they have an embarrassing look-guys-I'm going out-the-prom-queen for them. Ben Gazzara flaunts his usual cat-like smile with the canary in a futile attempt to elevate the thin plot, which requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic in an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the respective children of the budding couple (warning of nepotism: the daughters of Bogdanovich) scoff and collect some fairly worrying indicators of "love" as they watch their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, drawing on her dignity, manages to pass judgment, but has the monumental challenge of interpreting herself, apparently.) Everyone looks great, but so what? It's a movie and we can expect a lot, if that's what you're looking for, you'd better get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh- and it must be remembered that Colleen Camp completely annoys, even apart from her singing, that, despite being competent, it is not entirely convincing ... the country and western numbers are sadly maladjusted from the standards of the soundtrack. Surely this is NOT what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the film's title derives) had in mind; his stage musicals of the 1920s may have been slight, but at least they had a long appeal. "They All Laughed" tries to praise his good intentions, but nobody - least of all Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to put the brakes on. <br /> <br /> Due in no small part to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in Mr. Bogdanovich's heart - he even bought it from his producers, then he distributed it on his own and it is gone bankrupt when it wasn't popular. His rise and fall are among the most engaging and tragic stories in Hollywood, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... there is a real emotional investment in Mrs Stratten's scenes. But "Laughed" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - followed by "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love", it was a thunderous confirmation of the stage which PB never emerged. <br /> <br /> All in all, however, the film is harmless, just a rental waste. I want to see the people having fun, I will go to the park on a sunny day. For filmic expressions of joy and love, I will confine myself to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
