The problems with Nikhil Advani's Salaam-e-Ishq are many. A concept of a line that looks good on paper (which also worked in a previous English film - Love Actually) goes terribly wrong thanks to inept and superficial writing. A well-intentioned idea is crushed into a thousand pieces by the weight of his own ambitious ambition. A director so completely in love with his first highly acclaimed film goes beyond the devices that worked in his previous film (Kal Ho Na Ho): try to count the number of times the split screen device is used in this film. The problem is: what worked fabulously at Kal Ho Na Ho were the emotional excesses of the Karan Johar film school, but here "the emotion" does not seem very beautiful to us with its appearance on screen - no, not even subtly. The writer / director gives us "six relationships with a common problem - love", but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the emotion? A 'tribute to love' without emotion? And one that goes on and on and on ...... Nah, it can't work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a film like this to work is that not only should every single story be "complete", but it should - in one way or another - follow the graph of the traditional three-act structure (script guru, Paradigm of Syd Field). This is the real reason that Salaam-e-Ishq didn't work for me. None of the stories had a depth or a roller coaster ride of emotional highs and lows that is expected in mainstream Hindi cinema. Furthermore, the connection between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If he was asked to be present at the wedding scene for an orderly conclusion, why not summon other coincidences and also bring the other two couples to the wedding? It would be nicer. <br /> <br /> But yes, some of the stories had many promises. For one, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to address a very real situation - mid-life crisis, but his journey is so linear that you are asked if it was really a problem. In the same way, the problem of the commitment in the history of Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also true for life. If only it had been developed a little better. I heard that the most promising stories in this mix were told from the male point of view, which is fine, but it lowers the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - all have the depth of a half-full bathtub. Wasn't this film supposed to cover "12 different lives"? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn to act, while Vidya Balan is as reliable and engaging as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role written only for him but sometimes exaggerate with the boredom of his character. Since he didn't have a fleshy character to portray, Juhee Chawla uses his charming smile and natural acting style to cover him. Akshaye Khanna is fine despite having done some exaggeration in some scenes. Ayesha Takia does not have much to do, but she reminds us that it is the same girl who surprised us with her Dor skills. Govinda tries to make up for that HUGE mistake called Bhagam Bhag, and it succeeds to a great extent. <br /> <br /> This brings me the most irritating trace of the movie (which inexcusably ends up passing the maximum time on the screen) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is irritating mainly because of them. But I have to credit them for their consistency. I am constantly BAD the whole movie. Priyanka could very well be the next hamming queen - I wouldn't buy the shit that her role (that of a "girl") required her to behave again. Someone should tell her the difference between being flamboyant because the character requires it and even hinders it. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (which seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in his interviews and Bigg Boss, you'll understand what I mean. I strongly feel that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. The fake accent of Salman Khan is ..... well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less accented than Salman's. <br /> <br /> To be honest with the director, he manages to add some good touches to directing the film. I particularly appreciated the use of gray as the predominant color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for their boring existence and the brilliant colors that enter history with the arrival of the other woman. But will anyone choose to paint their house in various and depressing shades of gray? This is an acceptable film license, I would say. But when the film lasts almost 4 hours, it seems as if the director is trying too hard to give the audience a taste of his "touch" in an infinitely tortuous montage of uninspiring sequences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater for as long as it is humanly possible: pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
