This is a sad film made for sad people. I was sitting in the theaters pulling my hair out, wanting to break the chairs in front of me while the movie spit out scenes that induced cringing behind the other. And there were people laughing out loud behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movies these people have to watch to really enjoy this horse ** s. <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories with no plot and no interesting characters. The script is boring, he was probably drunk when he was writing this movie. There is no strong hold on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to contain the public and filled with dialogue that you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories is about this couple who can't have sex because of a series of disasters that occur every time they want to. I mean seriously, is this story really necessary? It's not funny, it's not creative, but it just shows that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of the stories (which was probably the only story I was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and this also ends up in an old sati-savitri-parmeshwar soup. I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot was. There was no problem in the plot to be a plot. Can't take Karan Johar's movie because he has to marry Salmaan ?? Why can't he marry him and continue making the movie ?? or Advani and Priyanaka just want to show the world that it is true that female actors are unsuccessful if they are married or should not be acting in movies once they are married? With six actors in the film, of course, Advani can't produce the film alone. So he makes full use of sponsors like the Times group, shamelessly promoting their Filmfare magazines. And also some jewelry brands that the women in the film seem to absolutely adore !! I come from IMDb to give the worst rating and I'm shocked to see the film praise post. Just show the sad state of Bollywood and how the fans have been affected. With fans like these, films like Salaam E Ishq will continue to be made and, worse, they will probably be a success.
