'Baptists at our barbecue' is the best film ever made. Now, that I got your attention with that horribly inaccurate statement that should be a crime if pronounced, let me start my brief overview of this nasty, offensive, pretentious and boring piece of junk stuff. I guess you might consider a movie. First of all, the low budget of this stinker is totally obvious based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa, and on the sticky script, excessively ambiguous, whining and styled by F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormon message and a kind of anti-every other religion. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows all the main characters and role models that are Mormon, and it is so beautiful and perfect, yet they have been chosen by evil, conniving and very judicious Baptists. It shows how beautiful Mormons are and how cold and ignorant Baptists are, instead of showing a little solidarity as would be appropriate and realistic. I am not part of any religion (I am actually an atheist), but this has offended me, along with another infinite number of Baptists most likely. It shows that the Baptists are very unopened and inhospitable to the Mormons, and the Mormons are accepting a lot when, in reality, there is still a mutual sympathy / difference between them. Sorry, I didn't want to walk around. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of "Baptists at our barbecue" that I didn't care for much was acting. The performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially by the female lead Heather Beers. Miss Beers stumbles through her part without any passion or feeling for her role, and I was not very impressed by Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this carefree film, but I have to say that he is much more talented or shows more talent in this film, then Heather Beers. Even those who played the city sheriff were horrible. Although there is perhaps a small laugh in the film, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds solace with a Native American who always gives him the best advice on things related to a tribal way of life - how is the cliché? To make the situation even more pathetic than a cliché, Tartan buys the poor, lonely pay a little dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far away as possible from "Baptists at our barbecue". I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a cute and interesting little indie on religion. All I got was, well, a piece of shit. Rating: D- <br /> <br /> my voting guide - A + (absolutely flawless); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (excellent); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutely horrendous); F (not a saving quality in this stool of Hollywood feces).
