The concept of this made-for-TV horror film is ridiculous beyond words, but hello, it was the late 1970s and literally all the stupid horror formats were damn profitable, so why not take advantage of the idea of ​​a satanically owned dog? The "Devil Dog" plot is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre: just think of "The Omen" and replace the baby with a puppy of German Shepard puppies! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the movie is about! During the opening sequence, members of some sort of satanic cult buy a female dog in heat just to have it impregnated by Satan himself. You would think that the Lord of Darkness has other things in his mind than fornicating with a German shepherd and conquering the world a wicked puppy at the moment, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen", one of the puppies is taken from the model family and grows up to be a beautiful and charismatic animal. But lucky ?? is this the dog's name ?? it's pure evil and dismisses annoying neighbors and nosy school teachers in derivative and easily executed ways. He also inflicts his evil character on the wife and children of the family, but he cannot force his father (Richard Crenna) to put his arm in a lawnmower because he is a "chosen one". Everything becomes too idiotic for the words when Crenna eventually goes to Ecuador to look for an ancient mural painting and receives advice from an old sorcerer who speaks perfect English. I think he learned that he lived isolated on top of a mountain all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's the problem with Helen", "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("Wait Until Dark", "The Evil") are desperate to create a suspicious and mysterious atmosphere, but everything It's useless. Scenes like the eyes of a cute puppy that spontaneously set fire to a Spanish maid or a dog that dodges bullets without even moving evoke giggles instead of scares, and not even spooky musical melodies can happen. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially towards the end, when the dog Satan turns into a shadow that is completely cheese-like on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid movie, but it's definitely fun to watch late into the night with some friends and lots of liquor. There are small funny cameos by Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as a terrifying cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as a seller of fruit, vegetables and malevolent puppies. And yes, that annoying daughter is the same girl who is wiped out by complaining about her ice cream in "Assault on Precinct 13" by Carpenter.
