As expected, a Mazursky film made in the 1970s would be a counterculture, in solidarity with the hippies - and it has many hippies in it - and, of course, it is childishly anti-authoritarian (for example the scene on the Mexican border, when Sutherland causes an officer of customs showing little respect and then accuses the latter of opening his baggage only because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant dribble on the left could have got on my nerves had I not been prepared in advance; Sutherland ponders out loud to his family and friends about potential film ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas concern both blacks and Indians (needless to say he would have been welcomed with open arms in today's Hollywood ). One of his ideas for the cinema is a black revolt in Beverly Hills - a racial war, so to speak, in the middle of LA. This is the kind of absurdity that Mazursky thinks when he writes scripts for his films. Fortunately, some hippie friends of Sutherland make fun of this premise of the black revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; a little later, the Jewish boy makes a scene for Sutherland while making a film about "masturbation and the black problem", when the latter starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's eldest daughter performs on stage with her white schoolmates, and everyone says, "We, the blacks of the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There is always a certain amount of self-indulgence when Hollywood makes a Hollywood movie - especially when Hollywood is making a Hollywood movie about Hollywood making films. Now this is very, very self-indulgent, really. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more fun than annoying, though. Mazursky launches the flower children and anti-Vietnam bullshit in the soup, and even takes Hollywood corporations around, but he was / is just as much a part of the "fake Hollywood" (lyrics of that song in the surreal war) segment as anyone else; I'm pretty sure he also makes false chatter in Beverly Hills and makes fake smiles as he shakes hands with people he doesn't know or love, but whose money they want badly for his next (left) project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair I've seen in a long time (on film or elsewhere); it's kind of like the kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he cultivated it for a long time. The film remains relatively interesting despite its lack of goals, but it gets bogged down a bit in boredom in the last third. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by e-mail.
