Offering a killer combo of terrible writing, terrible acting and terrible leadership, it is a disapproval if Kinjite: the Forbidden Subjects are offensively bad or simply hilarious. It's almost as if someone had organized a competition to make the most bizarre and scornful Cannon movie. As if a look at a cast list that included characters like "Lesbian Pedophile", "Perverted Gentleman", "Porno Actress" wasn't enough, it's your only chance to see Charles Bronson's cop throw a poor life on a bed and take a dildo - but don't worry, it's okay, while the off-screen screams make it clear that he's just torturing him for information. After all, even if he is a bit overprotective of his beautiful Catholic daughter, he is a nice Catholic policeman who regularly brings a packed lunch to the local Catholic priest William O'Connell and who believes in poetic justice - or at least making sure that the bad guys end up in the confusion of the hottest prisoners maximum security can give them a taste of their own medicine. But that's what you get to tell him "Look, I think you're a little unstable". However, when he later offered a bribe, he could growl "I would like to push your ass, but I don't want to get my hands dirty", he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he only eats a $ 25,000 watch and sets fire to his Cadillac. The anal obsession also follows the title of the film: despite the poster depicting a naked Japanese girl on a set of porn movies, the only direct example of the film of Kinjite / forbidden subjects, as Alex Hyde White's English teacher explains to a group of Japanese businessmen, talking about your bowel movements in an educated society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is simply not too old for this, since the opening fight makes it all too clear, he is too old for Peggy Lipton's love interest, and she seems old enough to have adult children. A better actor than he ever had the credit for when he was given the right material, here he is given a character less well thought out than a series of extravagant reactionary manias. When he does not widen the circle of suspects, he accidentally drops them from the sides of the buildings. It is certainly not a P.C. copper, with a special disgust for the Japanese - as if it were not bad enough to buy American assets, which is worse, they park on a public road! No racial minority is ignored, be it a black pimp or a Pakistani clerk, no cliché, a messy cop, a fist on the table or a dead meat mate (Perry Lopez and his spectacular hair color it is so important that it deserves billing of its own screen). The two strands of the twin plot - the policeman of Bronson L.A. try to defeat the pimp of Juan Hernandez who deals with underage girls and the Japanese business man obsessed with porn by James Pax ?? take an eternity to intertwine, and then in the most unlikely way: after having cradled a feeling of Bronson's daughter on a bus ("An oriental boy touched my saint of saints!"), in the idea of ​​the poetic justice film Pax finds his daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. You almost expect the writer to peek around the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere under laziness is the germ of a good idea even if it is too laboriously developed to always be clear what the idea really is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: the version by Archie Bunker, resumed as an out-take from a music video of the 80s R with a scandalous and rather lazy shooting An explosive final that sees a small army of gunners at arms suddenly appear on the free body bill. The last of Bronson is mostly bad in several collaborations with J. Lee Thompson ?? and sadly Thompson's last film as a director - it's a poor sign for two undervalued players who increasingly don't seem to be so perceptive about what images they said yes.
