Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) on the Dean estate, formerly owned by the late Christopher Dean (John Carradine), on his arrival he is greeted by Mr. Dean's four sons, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) plus Leslie (Brooke Mills) and his friend Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a tape that records the wishes of the deceased father after his death, the property of 136 million dollars must be divided equally among his four children, if someone should die, then the money would be divided equally between the rest and if all the wacky servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and the more worldly named Frank (John Russell) were to die, he would have pocketed everything. Well, not satisfied with a share of the quarter of $ 136 million (which is still almost $ 35 million in 1971 which does not seem too bad for me) someone decides that they want everything on their own and it doesn't take long before the decapitated heads show up the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me for two reasons. For beginners the alternative and much more common title of this film is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of an obscure horror film directed by Andy Milliagn in '78 that I always wanted to see, both films are regularly mixed as both have similar stories and when I checked my on-screen cable TV guide for Legacy of Blood I was excited because it said it was the Milligan movie and I even listed it as a director, so when I sat down to watch it and heard the voice of John Carradine and I knew then that it was not the Milligan movie I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there's the simple but undeniable fact that Blood Legacy is a total piece of shit that's literally painful to watch sometimes. Monson & Eric Norden's script is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, a servant's monster asking his sister (?) To fool him, the strange set of Brother's & Sisters that are simply far-fetched and so far from reality from any tension or mystery that the simplistic history of the whodunit you may have reached is painfully missing and then there is the horrible twist that you can guess within the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's uninspiring and it's just a nuisance to even think about it. Please, someone save me because this is really bad stuff. I could go on all day about how bad Blood Legacy is, I could really. <br /> <br /> Director Monson worked with a non-existent budget or, judging from this, he would not even have to direct traffic. The whole film looks ugly, is poorly photographed and there is no atmosphere or fear. Blood and blood are domesticated, there is an ax in a head, a decapitated head, a scene in which someone is mortally wounded by a wasp and the best murder when someone's face is eaten by the piranha. However there are question marks on this scene, so there is the victim, right. There is the piranha tank, right. The victim's head is placed in the piranha tank, right. Pirahna eats victims' faces, right. Does the water remain crystal clear even though the victim has eaten the face, and where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically Blood Legacy is terrible, it looks horrible, the sound was obviously shot live and is muffled and hard to hear, considering the terrible dialogue is perhaps a blessing in disguise. The acting would win no one, but the least said about it. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible film, there is really no single positive aspect or if there is that I can't think about it. Do yourself a favor and don't worry about it, there are much better movies out there.
