I rented the video for "The Piano Teacher" without knowing anything other than what was written on the video box. I did it with some trepidation because the films that win awards at Cannes are generally very good or bad. Unfortunately, this falls into the latter category. About a quarter of a mile away I found myself saying aloud: "This film is boring". About halfway I was saying, "Where did I see this before?" I had understood that at the sign of the three quarters. <br /> <br /> Despite its literary origins, this film is essentially a remake of Robert Altman's very first (1969), and better, "That Cold Day in the Park." Although the details are obviously different and Altman's work is more based on plot and less on character study, the two films are thematically identical. There is nothing "new" to see in this production. Every aspect has been done before: a character out of control with increasingly self-destructive behaviors ("Bad Lieutenant" by Abel Ferrara, 1992); a perverse and condemned "love" that culminates in an opera death scene (near) ("Butterfly" by David Cronenberg, 1993); brutally unusual sex scenes ("Blue Velvet" by David Lynch, 1986); and so on. So, I am amazed that so many have found the film "shocking", "shocking" etc. This highly derivative film seems to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable, and clearly succeeded. However, I largely attribute such a reaction to the lack of film viewing experience. Watch a sufficient number of movies and in the end you've really seen it all. And although it is true that I saw the "R-rated" version expurgated, I doubt that the additional scenes could change my general opinion on "The Piano Teacher". <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not without merit. There is a great job with the camera and the lighting is excellent. Isabelle Huppert's deserving performance also helps save you from a waste of time. This is the first of Haneke's films I have seen, and if I had to see more I would expect to have the same opinion as he of Ferrara: an interesting director but not nearly the genius that others bring out to be. Rating: 4/10.
