I've been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 15 years but this film was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I'm a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and I go to church of my own free will, which probably puts me on a par with some of Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. It is correct to document the sociological aspects of it, that is, a faith builds its holidays over the other and that many wars have been started because of religion (or, more precisely, by the sinister appeals of men to the ultimate and indisputable authority of God ), but this said he never looks at his positive side. Frankly, I think hell would freeze before Bill humbles himself and travels to the slums of Calcutta where Mother Teresa spent her life working with the poorest. She's obviously dead, but she could easily visit the East LA Jesuit priest who runs Homeboy Industries, who works with young men in general with prison and gang backgrounds to teach them career skills, remove tattoos and become responsible members of the company, or could visit the Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies of the USC, which brought together some of the best theologians, diplomats and investment bankers in the world to study ways to ethically integrate the world's poorest countries into capital markets global and thus improve the standard of living for half of the world's people living on less than $ 1 a day. Of course he will not do it because it would require to consider evidence that does not easily adapt to his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it is much easier to keep making superficial and superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> This fits into the other big problem with Bill's film, which is that he never submits to anyone at his level or that he is better than him. In this film, Maher the Cornell spends most of his time talking to truck drivers at an unnamed Christian truck service, in a nightclub with a Dutch boy who smokes weed all the time, with a church minister from shop in Miami that claims to be the reincarnation of Christ and with an actor who plays Jesus in a theme park "Holy Land". <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, beyond some superficial speculation next to The Doctorate in Grand Central Station that religion chemically alters the brain like drugs do and that religion is the mistake of tradition made on the masses, is a sort of serious and questionable interviews with professors of philosophy and theology of schools like Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, which could easily rhetorically decapitate him in a debate on the subject. You will not see serious discussions about any of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will not find any discussion of any of the non-Abrahamic faiths (Judaism, Christianity and Islam). All you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a condescending and snobbish elitist on the west side of Los Angeles who makes a film for his fellows and who has absolutely no understanding at the belly level of how the other half of America that elected George W. Bush (twice) lives their lives or the school of thought behind it. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of what Bill says, but for someone who has his intelligence and influence, this film was nothing less than pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual ferment that indie documentaries generally carry could find more stimulus in an old replica of the Teletubbies.
