I rented it shortly after hiring Ben Stein's "Expelled" and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before going any further, it seems right that I emphasize the following so that a reader can see if I have prejudices or not. I'm trying to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy Maher's HBO show from time to time, though I rarely think it's the source of humor. I don't even care about his stand-up. But occasionally he makes some good points on the show, and I liked Politically Incorrect, although he was still quite politically correct (which I think is negative because the term itself seems Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views, for simplicity I will say that I am a non-negator. Christian with some objectivist views and others who are agnostics. <br /> <br /> That said, this is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not yet been touched by many reviewers - although the ones mentioned are equally valid. The reason why it is not convincing is not only the fact that he discusses the main point without letting others speak (and his point is not reduced to anything logical, it is only "come on, really?" That is not a point , just a question - try David Hume if you want a decent discussion.). The reason this is not convincing is in its lack of experts in the field. I saw him about 2 months ago and I only remember him talking to a person whose professional credentials were mentioned if he was not a clergyman. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with Masters or Doctorates willing to do some verbal sparring, particularly in the fields of History, Anthropology or a host of others. <br /> <br /> If you compare this to Ben Stein's "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed" he will find out that Stein interviews about 30 professors, professionals, clergy, etc. It does this with a variety of sources with different backgrounds. He also makes a point in his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have indicated the wrongs committed by the theocratic rules over the centuries or persecutions by this. Instead it refers in an idiotic way to the totalitarian secular regimes of the twentieth century as proof of why secularism needs a more socio-political power !!!! (It's in the bonus features that you find in front of Anne Frank's house, I think.) This is a true Orwellian journey. He blames Christianity in particular for many useless deaths - which had its share, although much smaller than most! - without even including a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because the discussion is diminished by the miserable witness of the twentieth century by humanism alone. <br /> <br /> Another obvious weakness is his reluctance to talk to anyone who is considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He takes the weakest gazelles of the herd. How hard is it? How does proving the existence of exceptions move towards the rejection of the general rule? It is not so. Wow, so people in cults think outside the norm? How illuminating it is to know this. Great job Maher! Once again, it would be easy enough to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work on the denial of the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that requires a person to fight in every war in which his country is involved. <br /> <br /> Beyond all that, it's not so fun here. Some of the superimposed clips in "smart" out of context / irreverent ways could provoke laughter, but above all work to illustrate how a true Maher contextual topic will NOT be imminent, much less convincing. He spends most of his time hitting Christians, triggering inaccuracies and interviewing marginal groups that don't allow him to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions to honestly ask religious people and many should ask themselves. It hardly touches any of these. I have a feeling that I could have answered much better than most of his questions to the people he interviewed, but the whole thing smells like stacking the deck in terms of what is included and what has been changed.
