Some funny pieces, but come on Bill! A film? Citing Zeitgeist? Do you have the TV program and interviews, but a movie? I'm probably exaggerating, but what a provocative film not necessary ... I don't know. I laughed, disagreed, all right ... this film is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very arrogant ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be boring. I think the main problem in this film is its lack of sensitivity. This could only be a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly dampens someone cannot be considered as truth. Bill is obviously emotionally responsive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not reasonable, but the answer to it cannot be reasonable. It will create unnecessary disorders. We can do better than simply react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and fervently tries to convince the viewer that nobody knows anything, to the point that the agnostic community has been concerned about its lack of serious research on comparative religion. His humility, which knows only that he does not, is a contradiction as he tries to insist on the fact that all religious thought is meaningless. <br /> <br /> I had big problems seeing fragments of Zeitgeist, the film by Bill film. All the non-sense influenced by astroteology that simplifies all religions as the same is simply disappointing. The Zeitgeist has caused much controversy and has messed up the validity of much of the precious Religion scholarship. It is very sad to see how the wrong facts have been tossed about without reliable academic sources. The astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "the stars say it all" seem to date back to the Middle Ages. This film is a confused statement from a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic than defending every single problem as "we don't know". <br /> <br /> This film is a clear proof of how postmodernism has been able to simplify and generalize the main problems in history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (it has hilarious interviews and bits) but PLEASE don't act like Bill. You can't expect someone to have a mature conversation if you're making sardonic comments on any other line. His argumentation techniques are humiliating and offensive, provoking emotional reactions rather than logical and rational arguments. There must be a more mature way of dealing with these problems.
