As in all kinds of movies, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you had asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would have chosen from dozens. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first to appear in my mind is one that still has me in a sort of depression of disappointment for a week since I saw the movie for the first time and I promise you, the last time. That film is "The General", unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about history (it's more than easy to follow), but about why the directors chose to make this effort rather weak. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007)? Two mob superior movies ?? "The General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who started his long chain of crimes by stealing food as a teenager and then moving on to stealing museums and adult homes. Meanwhile, the police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) desperately and vigorously tries to try only one of his crimes and condemn him (or kill him). <br /> <br /> Perhaps because it is a film in the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films "Godfather", I expected too much from "The General". But it could be too easy. This would have been a bad film if I had not seen the masterpieces mentioned above before being overwhelmed by the boredom in this oater and by its very long time in which there is time to scream ugly scenes. We begin to beat the film simply by looking at the style with which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and director of photography Seamus Deasy have chosen to film this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly elements that belong to a full-fledged color film. Now I have nothing against black and white images, not even those made in modern times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than 90% shot in black and white and is a masterpiece. "The general", made only five years after "Schindler's List" is not. Even photography is far too off with high-brightness keys that seem very annoying and give the film a quality very similar to video games that I found simply annoying. The filmmakers were obviously opting for the style of a realist documentary, as did "Schindler's List", but fail to make it seem too much like a documentary and at the same time, too similar to a classic-style film. Performance in the film varies from passable to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave a fair amount of enthusiasm for their roles, but sometimes it seemed to me that they too were running down from the horrible script they were quoting from. Even the sound design is very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it a noir crime appeal of the 1940s, but this also fails because, once again, it is made too similar to a contemporary image and seems very out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is no character ?????? in the film I felt emotions or opinions for. In fact, for every moment of every scene, the only thought that crossed my mind was "okay? So what?" Moments that in a better film might seem shocking or terrifying are just boring and time-consuming. I did not like or dislike the Brendan Gleeson character because the way Cahill's character is written is simply flat and boring. Gleeson simply plays the common criminal and does not strike with the obvious impact of the real Martin Cahill. If a character is killed (as always in gangster movies), we don't feel anything. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. Let's just say "so what?" And this is all I did during the execution time of this very fragile and very badly done criminal movie.
