The 1998 of John Boorman The General was hailed as a great comeback, although it is difficult to understand why on the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films made that year on the famous Northern Irish criminal Martin Cahill (alongside Ordinary Decent Criminal and Vicious Circles), has an abundance of accidents and style (the film was shot in color but published in black and white Scope in some territories) but makes absolutely no impact and goes on forever. With a main character threatening witnesses, the car bombs of doctors, losing a hundred people at work, trying to redeem his gang's sexually abused daughter to keep out of prison and nail one of his own to a pool table again it still remains a popular local legend a fairly attractive personality for the wife who not only approves, but actually suggests a ménage a trios with her sister, needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the film. Does not understand. Instead, he is cast by what could be Brendan Gleeson's worst and disinterested performance: he offers his lines and is in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character. On the positive side, this helps not to detract from a character who is nothing more than a selfish hooligan, but is at odds with a script that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. <br /> <br /> There is a minor section that collects interest when the IRA triggers a campaign of local hatred against the "General" and his men, portraying them as "anti-social" drug dealers purely because Cahill will not share the his loot with a robbery with them, but his temporary resolution is so vague - something to do with Cahill wearing a balaclava and joining the protesters we expected to find deliciously cheeky - which is simply thrown away. Things are more successful in the last third as the pressure rises and his army collapses, but at that point it is too late to really worry about it. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the wonderful Angeline Ball do a good job in worshiping secondary roles, but Jon Voight's Garda cop seems to be there for American sales more than moral balance, overcompensating Gleeson's comatose non-engagement that seems a total failure to ignite. Go back Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
