I recently worked on a collection of Lugosi films, and I was wiped out a couple of days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat". I couldn't wait to see their collaboration in "The Crow." Alas, it didn't work for me, and at the end of the film I was pretty disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie or so I thought the story had no real suspense. Lugosi was doing a great job keeping things together like the mad Dr. Vollins, a sort of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) who treats after a car accident but can't have her - partly because she is already engaged, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapproves. To cope with this situation, he enlists the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a horribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make it seem more acceptable. Apart from Lugosi's performance, however, I found little to maintain my interest. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film changes completely. Suddenly it becomes quite suspenseful, but I thought Lugosi's performance was falling apart, largely because the film tried to turn it from crazy to crazy - and there's a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well controlled and controlled but evil. "Insane" is a bad thing out of control, and I didn't think Lugosi pulled it off well. At one point, it offers some manic laughter that comes over. Meanwhile, Karloff was a huge disappointment. He never caught me at all. Incidentally, he must have scratched on Lugosi who - in the films in which they are co-stars - Karloff gets the first prize, even if in "The Raven" it is clearly Lugosi who is the leading actor. This certainly gives a hint as to how Universal has classified their two great horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, because I have always thought of Lugosi as the best actor of the two. <br /> <br /> In any case, there is no real connection to the story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a Poe fanatic, who tries to recreate some of the techniques of torture of Poe's stories. Overall, a disappointment. 4/10.
