Written by one woman and directed by another. Whoppie. Are we around for a feminist or what? Fasten your seat belts, sir, because we are about to enter a world of petty men and innocent and well-meaning women. <br /> <br /> In this environment, Trish meets a guy from the employment agency who behaves, looks, and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job hoping to nail her some time later. In his office he even touches her chin like a heavy megalomaniac in a Bond movie could touch a girl right after he captures her and shortly before he's ready to kill her next to Bond. Some time later, the pimp-man chases Trish into a locker room for women, harasses her and even goes so far as to rape her. Oh, these wicked and evil men. They are ALL bad, you don't know. Can't you even look for a job nowadays without being raped, right ladies? Well, we'll show them! In this film there is a kind of divorce club for women or something like that, directed by a Janet Leigh who talks to all the women involved in this film when she says that "men are all s ** t". She complains about how terrible men are; she has been divorced five times. Now, seriously: every woman who marries twenty times and then uses that statistic as an argument that men are all "bad" must have understood in the end that the explanation could be found elsewhere, or? It must happen that: a) she is a bad male judge, or - much more likely - b) SHE is the only one to live with - her ex-husbands were probably the victims, or if they were really a ** hole then probably he got what he deserved. (Don't Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor like to prove this point? Let me see a nice woman who got married so often and I'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars using only roller skates and a ladder. Trish eventually meets a computer guy who restores his faith in men, but keeps your horses, this guy finds himself married, thus showing WITHOUT doubt that men are really all "bad", if it were not, of course, for an old vegetable seller and kind that loves his wife even if she is still dead, showing that all men are "bad", except for the kind old men who do not have a penis and who "can" get none "anyway they are forced to abandon a life of a holocolism and finally to give women the respect they deserve.Even the supportive male characters are all "bad", the black guy in the employment agency is rude, and the morgue guy is out of test a - rude - and insensitive (the bastard, * hiccups * ... * sniffle * ??) And what is with this trivial, insignificant ending? .. Minutes before court time Trish abandons the claim of one of her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally make that jump in the pool ... ?? What is all this ?? His jump in the pool is therefore - very predictably - frozen from the frame while the credits start to play the role, while the money music of I-don't-need-revenge-nor-my-husband that begins to inspire life begins to be felt. Her friends are shocked by her abandonment of requests for money, but they don't stay shocked for long and soon they tease each other about who will be the lawyer of a Trish heart attack when she hears about this. The shyster lawyer is naturally a man. A bad man, bad, bad, terrible, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; all that matters is money; they know nothing of the highest values ​​in life - like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; they approach the sexes, but above all, they teach girls and young women that men are all excited, selfish bastards, pursuers of skirts who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery at the first opportunity. So, girls, open your mouths and stick your tongues in your girlfriend's mouths. Lesbian power!
