Previous commentator Steve Richmond stated that A Walk On The Moon is, in his words "not worth your $ 7". In the end I paid a little more to import what is one of the worst DVDs I've ever seen, this movie or any other existing movie. Even when you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly derived from an interlaced master and simply ugly to watch on the move, the film has no saving qualities (save Anna's presence) to make the vision of a high-quality Blu-Ray transfer. Not that this is the fault of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen achieved high scores compared to Anna Paquin's acting skill chart. Much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill did despite an equally bad script, anyway. Director Tony Goldwyn's résumé has nothing to envy, but Pamela Gray's curriculum includes Wes Craven's most dramatic hikes outside of the horror or slasher genre, so you might be forgiven for thinking this is a case of bad direction . <br /> <br /> As I have already indicated, the only reason I saw this film is Anna Paquin. In his acting debut, he literally played industry veterans with an experience of at least twelve years above his under the table. While she is not that far ahead of her colleagues, her performance as a girl who starts the piece like a brat and becomes a woman whose world is collapsing around her proves that Oscar was not a fluke. For some time I told friends that it would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second complete novel, and a seventy-three minute dialogue in this film is yet another demonstration of why. This woman could literally recite the paint from the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber approaches to arouse sympathy from an audience. Of course, his character spends most of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis, but he interprets the irritated reaction of a man who feels deceived brilliantly. I should know, even if it's not from the same circumstances. <br /> <br /> Even Viggo Mortensen deserves credit for his portrait of a traveling salesman, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a sense, he is the villain of the piece, but he manages to give the character a third dimension. Yes, his actions even after the whole thing explodes are devious, but not many men would act differently in his situation. No one wants to be the other man in this kind of messy situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for trying here. Unfortunately, these are all participants in a story of a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage in which Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the archetypal Mills And Boon of women is the only one to feel that life passes simply does not exist. Either the writer Pamela Gray or the director Tony Goldwyn thought they could put this phrase into the film without thinking about how the audience could receive it. Anna even goes so far as to speak the mind of the public when she asks Diane who has to give lectures about someone on responsibility. <br /> <br /> That said, the film has a couple of things besides Anna that is doing it. The original music of Mason Daring, although not distinguished in any way, gives the film a certain feeling of being inserted in the represented time which helps where the other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a great actor, putting him alongside Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her imagination is a big mistake. It is also very correct in the fact that when the film focuses on the scenes of Lane and Mortensen that submerge themselves or fit one another under a waterfall, it loses attention from being a story of transgression and becomes a soft porn. The film seems terminally confused about the position of its history. No matter how many times I watch Liev's scenes, I can't help but feel that it has been changed in direction or editing. Their protagonists should not be made particularly beautiful or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the piece would have been a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits the nail when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought his character was the real story. Stories about how the wife feels neglected and running in the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous are a dozen dozen, so much so that even setting the story in parallel with an event as terrifying as the moon landing does not help Despite feeling repulsed by the way her character's story is presented, Anna could even walk around with a neon sign over her head asking the public if she wouldn't prefer to see the whole thing through her eyes. While I'm all too aware that it's difficult to control exactly which character your audience will find most interesting in the cast, it's as if they didn't bother trying with Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. We hope that by now my ramblings on the respective performances can give an idea of ​​where everything went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave A Walk On The Moon a three out of ten. Anna Paquin earns a bonus point with one of her best performances (and this is saying something).
