Recently, I had the opportunity to see a working press in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It is difficult for me, being an art lover like myself, to report the following, but sometimes the truth hurts me, and frankly after listening to this tripe (I'm using the definition of jargon here - worthless or written statements) for a 'hour and a half, I feel obliged to share (WARN) all interested parties. Let's start from the beginning, a good starting point as always. The first 15 minutes are not so bad, a couple of laughs and a decent development, but then it's downhill from there. This is the story of a woman, in her mid-thirties, who (as the writer would have you believe) is dissatisfied with her life and dissatisfied. The first major difficulty occurs when you do not know the fact that it is going in the film, you will not know it when suddenly you risk everything for, in my opinion, a very unkempt and unlikely adventure with a local seller. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify his actions for the relationship he has, and when it does occur, he feels, as I did, that he has only a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully, they will let it pass the review and publish the comment. This, in my opinion, is the film's first fatal flaw. If you are married or have ever fallen in love, regardless of whether you are a boy or a girl, it turns you off. Frankly, I think it would have produced a much better "blue film" - this is the level I think the script is worthy of. The second fatal flaw is the casting, Diane Lane did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only thing that saves in the whole film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a refined actress that shines in places, transmitting a subtle but very candid portrait (I apologize for the dichotomy but it is precise) of an emerging teenager. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to give the final away, but I was disappointed, being advertised as a slice of romanticism of life is one thing ... but an end like that .... Well, if this teased you enough to see this picture , don't say I didn't warn you, but you better watch fast - if this celluloid is released, I doubt it will go four weeks before it burst into flames. I would say wait for the video, but free sex education videos in most video stores have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced this, do you think he would learn after Ishtar. This film once bore the working title "Blouse Man" and should have been left on the rack. If you've never wanted to go out for a movie in your life, give this 35-40 minutes, the only thing that's worth staying is Anna Paquin, if you can stand the fact that you'll find your mind adrift or not you took out the garbage before leaving the house, which is probably where you should have stayed before going to the cinema to see this. They are my two cents, for what it's worth.
