As you may have gathered from the title, I firmly believe that this film is the worst zombie movie of all time. Acting, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else remotely linked to this film have been sucked. People have argued that while this film is played terribly and terribly produced, it comes with a clever and witty script. Wow. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could count. For starters, why should the government tell everyone to get back to work when it's not safe? I know the government should be evil, but it gets nothing by killing the entire population of the country. There would be no one to govern! Another thing I was wondering about, even though the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were teeming with zombies? Would the zombies hide in the bushes and ambush the unsuspecting people to help the government in the plot to kill everyone on the planet? And what about the ending? That stupid torch sacrifices his life to get some close-up shots of the zombies. He probably forgot that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom function. And another thing, because Hindenburg says before he dies. The Hindenburg was a rare event seen by very few people. The zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, perhaps in the world. Don't you think that no one else will get any snapshots? They also managed to ruin the only semi-interesting scene in the movie when the soldier is watching the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie could have crossed the DOOR. It's probably just something from a fan of non-intelligent zombie movies like I wouldn't understand. Every day I pray to God to increase my brain capacity long enough to allow me to understand all the subtle nuances in Feeding the Masses. <br /> <br /> Anywho, I think it's interesting that this is the first film that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
