First of all, a small summary. This journalist by the name of Torch is basically trying to come up with the story of a zombie epidemic and discovers that the government and the army are censoring him. Nice message, government censorship and all the rest, but the way they made the film was, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This film is indescribable. The idea that someone considers it more than anything else from George Romero is a sufficient justification for the reviewer to engage in a mental institution. The script is atrocious in its own right, as if it had been written from a sixth grade. As special effects, I understand that independent films have low budgets, and some gore effects seem acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy some non-flammable material, prepare a fire extinguisher and light the fire! Don't add it digitally and make it look like an explosion from a Nintendo 64 game. Acting, well, let's put it that way. In my summer theater program, a cold reading of the script is, by comparison, The Godfather. I will not even enter into inconsistencies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> But what disturbed me the most, however, was when it was all over after filming and editing, someone might have said "OK, this looks good. Let's release it". It gives me a shiver down my spine to think about it, to think that someone thought it was good enough for DVD release. This is not the quality of the DVD. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Hell, this is not even the quality of film school. If you were to submit it to a project in a film school, you would get an F. No, not even an F, more like an F-. I wouldn't be surprised if you tried to get yourself expelled. <br /> <br /> I felt used after seeing this thing. Blockbuster and the creators of this movie have my money right now, and I'd rather not think about what they're doing with it. I was the pawn of an elaborate and nefarious scheme to legalized theft, and it does not seem fair to me to think I ran into it, looking at the back of the cover with pleasant memories of 28 days later just to find a movie Ed Wood looked and said later : "I didn't care much about this." This film is the single most terrible film I've ever seen. I haven't seen anything about Ed Wood, but I trust that this is worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, even if you are ten meters or so it will probably give you a severe headache. Otherwise, I advise you to write the director himself and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the kind of person who gets a laugh from really bad things, then I suggest you check this. You will not be disappointed.
