I could not believe that this terrible movie was really made. With the worst actors you've found, the worst written script (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst time-consuming vision. I won't dwell on the story because it's not worth it. But I will go into some of the performances and certainly the story. As for the story, it's very hard to believe that this crazy crazy fool can really do what he did. In reality, the wife could not defend herself from a small thing. That the husband could really find the briefcase attractive. That the defense attorney could break all court rules and continue to do so after the judge ordered the void to be closed. And the final result of the film is an insult to justice, the codes of cinema and the male species. The theme of this mess is to let women do what they want, kill whoever they want, defend the killer and get away with it, while the boy rots the innocent victim in prison. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, would also like to do this dribbling. <br /> <br /> Regarding acting: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is horrible. A madman, who makes embroideries during the murder trial (is it allowed in court?) It bored me to the end. Another look at her, beating her eyes and indicating how innocent she was and I was vomiting. It's not even attractive enough for a guy to leave his wife. The husband, played on a level by Vincent Spano, seems only to appear and behave in a stupid way most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance that he fell into the traps set for him by all the women around him. By far the worst was Holland Taylor as Defense Attourney. He acted throughout the film and made fun of justice. If she crossed me at any time, I would have told her to go for a walk. Everyone else in this boring movie did their job as requested to do so. <br /> <br /> I wish I could give this film a zero score. However we are forced to start with 1. Sin. We don't have the pain of watching movies like this anymore. Life can do better than this, I know. <br /> <br /> This is a postscript: I made the mistake of transforming this insipid film by mistake. As soon as I saw the baby Jordan Ladd, I knew I had seen him before and didn't like him. Not only did I turn off the damn thing, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the script, but he also directed this horrible movie. No one sees that his message is that the disease pays. Being sick and walking around killing people is fine with this director / writer. Totally making the idiots of the male species. Well, this male tells you to go somewhere painfully. We are not so stupid and we will talk about your so-called film, which in this person's mind deserves to be trashed. <br /> <br /> And again this loser is shown. Why???? Can't you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? Are we constantly subjected to seeing baby Jordan Ladd again and again? Take it out of the TV, movies and view. It is simply terrible in every sense. Phew !!!!
