This is an unclean and reprehensible piece of garbage, which undoubtedly wants to be a clone on Friday 13th (1980). The poster for this film makes it seem like there will be some sort of cross between Jason and Freddy, which will probably attract movie-goers. There is nothing good or funny about this movie about this movie. It just makes me sad, just thinking that some people will come across Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD, and they will waste their time with this sad, cynical, depressing movie. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp assistant at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes the other campers are as beautiful as she is, and that they stay out of trouble. Meanwhile, the other campers are realizing that people are disappearing one by one, with Angela finding the excuse that she had to send them home. Could Angela be the killer, who was once a man, who had a sex change operation years before? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> The 1980s were the home of many films that made the difference between the Mad Slasher and Dead Teen genres, in which a crazy killer goes insane. Some have a plot, others don't, but they're all as bad as this. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers has 80 minutes of teenagers who are introduced and then stabbed, strangled, impaled, cut, burned alive and mutilated. This is all this movie. It's just a senseless, bloody violence. <br /> <br /> Watching this film, I was reminded of the Friday 13th movie, in which the message to its viewers was that the primary function of adolescents is to be hacked to death. Sleepaway Camp II directors have every right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the sick message that this film offers to its teenage spectators: "The world is a totally evil place", this movie tells you, "and it will kill you. It doesn't matter what your dreams or hopes are. It doesn't matter if you have a new boyfriend or new girl, no matter what you think, what you do or what your future plans are. You can forget about those plans, because you're going dead end. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing is - and not giving too far - the film simply creates room for a sequel. Well why not? They probably already brought the bucket into the cesspool doing three or four of these films. I lost the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and, after seeing his first sequel, I hope to stay away from the other sequels, as well as from the original. And for parents, if you know kids who actually like this movie, don't let them bring your kids out.
