So this is what actress Kim Basinger gave up? Mmm ?? to tell the truth, the title of the film is something quite appealing to ensure that your interest and the profile of the plot are so fundamental, but simplicity can have its strengths. However at the end of "While She Was Out" I felt rather indifferent. Not the worst (despite being swallowed by negatives), but there is no way to improve on what is a fairy tale of late-night survival, randomly warm, compact and unbalanced of a weak suburban housewife stranded in the woods trying to fight for the his life after witnessing the death of a rent a cop who came to his aid when he caused a bad exchange with some punks in a commercial parking lot. <br /> <br /> The problem here lies in the erroneously erratic and predictable material (taken from a brief history), together with the highly variable performances. The inconsistent script was poorly considered (which is not very good when the plot has a light hanging structure), so many miserable inclusions and questionable actions continue to find its way into this endless chain of events. As for the bunch of stereotyped criminals (led by an unconvincing Lukas Hass as a loose fee) who terrorized Basinger, well they were less than threatening, but hopelessly incapable. Observing Basinger who was wandering in the desolate wilderness with a red toolbox in his hand (don't ask me why?) Throwing off these aspiring punks one after another has become ridiculous because it has not aroused tension or emotion? but instead jolts jolts that were absurdly stupid because of the stupidity of the command. Basinger's performance is very similar, but does not create much empathy. Craig Sheffer looks like her hot husband. Strangely, I couldn't keep my eyes off the screen ?? thinking to myself that the red toolbox is hypnotic (why should it carry it constantly) and what instrument would it use to send the next delinquent ?? his choices were rather disappointing. Observing his transformation through the traumatic situation when things are finally turned around is rather empty, due to his uncertain tone and the ending is something that could be seen miles ahead. <br /> <br /> Susan Montford's direction is lacking in cohesion and energy, as we get closer. However I liked the opening credits, with its obsessively disconcerting score (which is the most effective thing in the whole series) and refined photography. <br /> <br /> No big smoothie. He doesn't ask you much about your time, but I wouldn't like to see him again. However with the inclusion of a Joy Division song, it got me to take a couple of their albums for a listen.
