I don't really want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to the classic Cape Fear movie of 1962, but I can't help it. Not only am I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck starred in Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes scenes from the previous film (Cady takes the keys from the fire, a dog that dies) and even uses the soundtrack by Bernard Herrmann for the whole duration of the film. Whole movie, it doesn't give me many opportunities not to make a comparison since I can't help thinking about the classic Cape Fear in almost all the scenes. Comparing Scorsese's version of Cape Fear with the classic one, the remake is eliminated from the classic; but even when he takes the film alone, it's still bad. <br /> <br /> Now Scorsese and writer Wesley Strick have not only redone the 1962 Cape Fear scene for the scene, but have tried to do things differently. Unfortunately this is one of the film's problems. Gone is the original Max Cady crazy and animal that is out for personal revenge, the Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic to "save" Sam Bowden and those in touch with his feminine side (his words, not mine). Also went the stand-up and strong Sam Bowden seen in the classic Cape Fear movie, the Sam found in the 1991 remake is very stupid, Magoo, wary and very unlikely. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character: she is crazier than Max Cady is! The general story has also been changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in jail as in the classic version, Sam is now Cady's former lawyer Cady suspects he has not done everything possible to keep him out of jail and is trying to "save it". <br /> <br /> The general plot has been changed, and I am not much against it, but the general script is also weak in everything. Other plots have been thrown into the mix that not only distract from the big picture, but are also poorly written. The film also includes some frankly absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you cannot take seriously in the slightest. These aspects take away from the dangerous and electrifying nature that the film should have, but they also have some help in this department. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear has been extraordinarily filmed with brilliant illumination and a powerful and effective suggestive subtlety combined with a shameless brutality that transmitted emotions when the film required it and a sense of danger in the its entirety. However, Scorsese is unable to do any of this in his Cape Fear, giving the film a trickster look in the early 90s, no sense of danger, no suspense scene and little style (unless you count to animate the fire and the style of the horizon). Yes, there is some gruesome violence and some effort has been made to make this Cape Fear larger than the original, but ends up being empty and all shock but without fear. <br /> <br /> If all this were not enough even acting is not exceptional. Robert De Niro (somehow nominated for an Academy Award for his performance) begins well as Max Cady, but progressively gets worse until he starts to get nothing but laugh instead of fears at the end of the film. The opposite happens to Jessica Lange and her performance of Mrs. Bowden, going from excessive to most of the film to giving a convincing demonstration of fear and despair towards the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also participated in an Oscar nomination) is quite decent in her role as Danielle Bowden, but is called to play a really stupid character and it's hard to appreciate what we see on the screen from her. <br /> <br /> This film seems to be often considered one of the few good remakes, and I can't understand why. I wanted to like it; I really did - I mean, if there is a remake of Cape Fear I would prefer that too - but I couldn't. Containing nothing to be big alone and crushed by the inevitable comparison to the original Cape Fear, I found that Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear is really a bad movie. The best things in the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their secondary roles - go figure.
