First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beauty, most likely paid in cash for home, and can't you even wear a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'm going to tell you right away - clean something, starting with your hair. And while you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your children gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive for 40 minutes to the busy mall, park your car 3 miles away and cry all the way, and simply buy wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave a bad note to someone, don't sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Obviously, since Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, he wants you to feel bad for the poor white blond woman. We have it. Alec Baldwin is an idiot, but seriously, don't model horrible movies after your life. Plus, you're in your 50s. Surely you wouldn't have 8 year old twins. AND THOSE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. Way to grow your kids with every decent chance to always respect yourself. It's also pretty cool to hear the characters in the movie call her consistently beautiful or refer to her as a "girl" ... of course Mrs Basinger said something about what happens in the script. It's also fantastic how none of the criminals can fight back. Apparently, the magic skills of Della's ninja are impossible to beat. His driving skills are also quite elegant. This film is so cliche, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They spelled your name wrong on the tea cup. Or your husband put a hole in the wall, but all you can think of is buying enamel when you're at the mall instead of some chalk and paint. Or the woman you attended in high school with the purchase of the teddy bear you were watching. Boohooo! The fact that she refused to take off that LUMINOUS trench coat while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her path demonstrates my point of view - this woman is a moron. Who thinks of extracting the toolbox from the car, but not from their bag, full of identification artifacts like your ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to succeed as much as when I saw this movie. And did anyone else take the "African American" jersey that black was practicing? Oh yes, rewind and enjoy your eyes on perhaps the most stereotyped object of racism in a movie. Don't waste an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, go and do what Della couldn't figure out how to do ... take care of your kids and maybe comb your hair. That powerful ballad was pretty impressive in the end. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain while your bloody arm so firmly adheres to your wrapping paper is as exciting as it gets. Thanks for!
