While the original First Blood had its unlikely moments, it was at least exciting in some parts. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis is very much on the action of comics. The plausibility is totally rejected; the logical nose dives; Stallone becomes so impregnable that there will be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other actioner to realize the desires of that time (eg Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II erases their opportunities for true excitement by presenting a hero who is too invulnerable to fear. If you can say on your side that Rambo is wiping out hundreds of enemy soldiers, what are you excited about? <br /> <br /> Imprisoned after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) is offered a pardon if he joins a secret operation in the Far East. The year is 1985 and a mission is being organized to find out if there are any American soldiers still trapped in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to take the job by his old mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the job is actually the result of a government group led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Is Rambo's job simply to head for a prison camp in the jungle and check if it contains any American PoW ?? if he does not, he will find himself with a helicopter; if he does, he must obtain photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be saved later. To help him in his research is a lady soldier with local knowledge, the beautiful and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Sure enough, Rambo finds out that there are PoW in the field, but he overcomes his orders by saving one of them? when he reaches the rendez-vous point, the rescue helicopter abandons him by order of Murdock who, apparently, does not really want to find any PoW due to political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but following an explosive escape he aims to free the PoW and get his revenge on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> The few positive points of the film come from Jack Cardiff's photography, Jerry Goldsmith's hilarious soundtrack and the absolute professionalism of the stunt team in performing various action games. Beyond these scarce collections, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to macho attitudes, the plot sounds false, the action sequences are soulless and without suspense, the dialogue is absurd ?? even violence becomes incredibly predictable. At the time of its release, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist sentiments. For this reason, the contemporary public celebrated this festival of committing shoots as if it were the greatest film of all time, turning it into an undeserved box office success. Luckily times have changed ?? nowadays we can consider it a simple action film with an incredibly high body number, a ridiculously stupid politics and a ridiculous hero.
