By right, there should never have been a "first part of blood II". The original script for "First Blood" had committed the suicide of John Rambo at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel but because the rehearsal audience found the original ending too depressing. However, someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste, because he became the hero of two other films in the eighties, in addition to the fourth release recently released. <br /> <br /> The official title of this film was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is more commonly known simply as "Rambo". Start with the title character in prison, where he allegedly atones for the crimes committed in "First Blood", although this is never made too explicit. He is removed from prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate reports that American prisoners of war are still held captive by the communist regime. He is strictly instructed not to try to save any prisoners or to engage the enemy; his must simply be a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not understand is that it was created, not by Trautman, who is portrayed as courageous, honorable and incorruptible, but by the mission organizer, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock understands that the mission will show that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because that will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, in part because it will make his life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only are Americans still detained, but kept in hellish conditions. Sure, it's too much of a hero to leave them to their fate and try to save them. The rest of the film is more or less a long battle between Rambo and some allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and bad comrades and their Russian allies. Most of the evil committed, of course, ends up dying, although I was surprised to learn from your "curiosity" section that the total death toll was just 67. Sometimes it seemed that Rambo was trying to wipe out the whole Vietnamese army. <br /> <br /> The tone of this film is very different from the first. In "First Blood" Rambo was unquestionably a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was mitigated by a serious provocation and his mental instability. In "Rambo" he is an authentic all-American hero. A few years earlier, the director, George Pan Cosmatos, had released "The Cassandra Crossing", a partial piece of anti-American leftist propaganda. The Cosmatos, however, were nothing if not versatile, and "Rambo" shows that he could also turn his hand to the right-wing American propaganda propaganda. The only thing the two films have in common is that they are both ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its flaws, but it also had its virtues. His position, that the peace movement was partly responsible for the problems faced by Vietnam veterinarians in readjusting to civilian life, was controversial, but at least the film was trying to make a statement about the war, about social attitudes towards war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the other hand, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are done well enough to please those who love this kind of thing. It is essentially a sort of vindictive chauvinist fantasy for those Americans who were still aching from the Vietnam war. Rambo re-fights the war with one hand, and this time the right side wins. Take that, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, no doubt, the admirers of the film (and there seem to be many - more than 2,000 voters have already given ten stars) will have concluded that I am a liberal communist lover. Far from it, in fact, I have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. What I don't like about the film is not its politics, but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to go in with all the blazing weapons and try to kill as many as many people as possible. It makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. Despite all its anti-communism, the film is the kind of maldivic propaganda that the communists were very good at churning themselves, except that they attributed all the problems of the world to capitalism, imperialism or revisionism, or whatever they had taken a dislike for. Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a masterful piece of political analysis. 3/10
