The ghost of the Vietnam war has haunted the American psyche for thirty years. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went to the MIA in Vietnam, or to the way those who came back were treated, then why was the first war that can be said that America has lost. Many men returned home from the war, a shadow of their ex-selves, and the original First Blood succeeded in providing a small vision of their problems as they tried to turn back the world, as they say. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, is little more than a fist mess that goes to illustrate how painful America can be, both in victory and defeat. Stallone stages another slow performance like the special command of the Special Forces, while Richard Crenna tries to keep the quotient of the serious actor. Where everything is canceled is in the script, which didn't work better when it was called Missing in Action and played by Chuck Norris. The small semblance of logic that was in the original has now disappeared, as the directors decide to paint a large S on Rambo's massive chest. <br /> <br /> The film resumes shortly after the end of First Blood. The film, that is, the novel did not provide for the possibility of sequels. In this mediocre follow-up, Rambo was put to work in what appears to be a sort of open pit mine. While he is breaking stones and sweating, a prison guard drags him away to talk to Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is willing to offer him an early release if he embarks on a secret mission. Rambo, never one who escapes the hard work of a hard day, accepts and is promptly sent to a secret base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I don't remember which one). From there, he is asked to look for a field where the American MIAs are supposedly taking place and to photograph them. His mission clearly specifies that he must make no attempt to obtain their release. Rambo be Rambo, however, has other ideas despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go a little wrong when it turns out that the people who commission Rambo's work have more interest in making sure that no American has been found MIA. It is the theory of secular conspiracy and does not apologize for having exploited the difficult situation of many American families left childless during the ten years in which the official war in Vietnam had been violent. Of course, with the chauvinism that was inherent in American society during the 1980s, they could not help but work on a tangent plot for the Vietnamese army that was sleeping with what appeared to be a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two antagonists attempt to extract the information they can from Rambo, but it turns against them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, missiles and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a glass similar to the Grail and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and beautifully choreographed action show. Hand-to-hand combat with the greatest Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has a dramatic tension of sorts. The rest is simply a case of the lead actor and the director who builds a fantasy for the Americans to pump his fist. Fortunately, this American fashion was soon abandoned when other more introspective and intelligent war movies like Platoon started to go around. Some of the killings shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets an end that many of them could envy. The Russian commander bites him in a way that is as spectacular as it is ridiculous. Only in an action movie from the 1980s would you see a law used inside a helicopter. Of course, there have been clichés of action films rooted in factual contradictions, but never so ridiculous before. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II one out of ten. It's so ugly that it's ridiculous and so ridiculous that it's often funny. It is not even necessary to have performed military service to find out how stupid some of the action sequences are. The only risk is in trying to make a stupid political statement with what is a harrowing topic for those directly involved. Hold your tongue firmly in the cheek, and it could be watchable.
