An offensively exaggerated action adventure, FIRST BLOOD PART II seemed to capture the mood of the United States at the time of its release in the mid-1980s, with the right-wing reaganism and the virulent anti-red sensations still not finished yet even if the emergence of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the Evil Empire in Moscow would soon have rendered these types of films superfluous, even Reagan himself admitted this truism. <br /> <br /> In this sense, we can be very grateful to "Gorby", not for his disarmament treaties with the United States, nor for his "glasnost" policies, nor for his support for democracy which is returned to the Eastern European countries in the courtyard of the former Soviet Union. No, it is the final diminution of foolish, chauvinistic, deceitful, cold war adventures like this. The first RAMBO film was not nearly perfect, even if at least it was a moderately literate and adequate action thriller with a plot not too bad. In this sequel, every sense of even the most remote belief is instantly discarded for fool, sensible The plot and the incident in which Rambo alone takes dozens of Vietnamese and Russian brainless stereotypes to save American prisoners of war ten years after the end of the conflict, with the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason the film was a huge box office success was to allow many Americans to bask in fantasy, they might have lost the war, but there were still unfinished business and heroic comedy In comics with a robot hero who killed virtually all the red on sight, with the greatest possible number of hardware, he fulfilled these extravagant ideals. <br /> <br /> This could be fun on a SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is played absolutely straight. But that is not to say that there is no humor in the film, unfortunately it is practically all involuntary. The action scenes, even if technically adequate, never bring the slightest sign of conviction or persuasiveness, because our hero Rambo is always unharmed in the most spectacular part (apart from a few cuts and bruises here and there), despite tons of explosives, grenades, gunshots, etc. around him. <br /> <br /> among the chaos, what is of a script is made up of the most boring clichés and platitudes. Stallone, who co-wrote the script with James Cameron (very far from the exciting TERMINATOR made the previous year), seems to have deliberately given the Rambo character as little to say in understandable English, and he simply comes out with moral grunts, almost as if he had invented his own brand of patois only understandable to himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was thinking again about The Terminator with so little communication for the main character! In this sense Rambo seems even less human than what Terminator did! The rest of the cast does not behave better with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna who do their admiration better with the worn dialogue they receive, and Steven Berkoff twists it even more shockingly with another of his bad Russian roles than KGB / Red Army. Berkoff's overwork is slightly funny but not remotely threatening. How come Sly managed to survive the torture of Berkoff's electric shock to kill even more of those Red Commie quacks? Well, credibility is never the strength of this film. It is a work of fantasy comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least that was meant to be a fantasy, and an immortal classic turned out to be. This is just a classic of the most sad, and indeed offensive, kind. And as for Sly's speech ..., rather hypocritical after slaughtering all those people, eh? By the way, in the same year, he also released ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10.
