A seemingly endless film that truly deserves a zero rating. The premise seems simple enough: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study, so after his father's death he decides to disguise himself as a boy to enter. He does this and becomes a close friend of Avigdor, who must marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family learns that Avigdor's brother committed suicide and the marriage was canceled. Yentl, who is now called Anschel, is then chosen to marry Hadass. It does but is never consumed. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret to him. The film ends with Avigdor returning (and getting married?) Hadass, and Yentl going to America to continue his studies even though he will have to continue doing so incognito. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems interesting for a film that is more than 2 hours long, but there are many things that ruin it. For beginners, there is the constant SINGING. (I can already hear the critics screaming.) Yes, I know this is a musical so there should be lots of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it were directed and performed without them. The songs get boring after a while, and there's not as much dancing as you'd expect. Many of the songs are forgettable, without real memorable texts, and those with any meaning could easily have been replaced by a voiceover. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Papa Can You Hear Me". It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately positioned so that Streisand could simply have a reason to show his vocal abilities every five or ten minutes. It is likely that anyone who sees this film will already know that the singer and actress is fantastic, so the songs are not necessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Streisand's make-up, which can be seen during his man scenes (lipstick, improved eyelashes and traces of blush are obvious) makes it difficult for the public to believe in Yentl / Anschel character, that she is serious, and deceive her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass, into believing that she is a man. Yet we are asked and expected to really believe this thing. There seems to be a contradiction, since his character speaks, or rather sings, of how she does not think she can do it, but it is no surprise that everyone seems to be deceived because she is wearing men's clothes. This means that we expect that we believe that the other characters are so naive that they cannot see the other differences, like his actions, which are good gifts. Facial differences alone cannot be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of their relatives or male friends did not have beards or other facial hair. However, in 1900, if a woman dressed as a man, but had the makeup of the character of Streisand and still tried to pass for a man just because he wore men's clothes, would have been deemed unacceptable and would have caused an outrage. It will probably be forced to leave the city, or even the country. So the "feminine" trick on Streisand does not lend itself to the credibility of the character, and only weakens the plot. If it had been applied only to make Streisand look more beautiful, it should have been discarded. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschel itself reveals who it really is towards the end, we are asked to believe that the other characters are not as intelligent as those of Streisand and only when they learn the "truth" do they become a little wiser. It now becomes increasingly clear that the entire plot is so far-fetched that it is nothing more than a tailor-made vehicle for Streisand to feed. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are fans of Streisand who will not find defects in this film, in the plot or in the songs. To those who I respectfully disagree. Although he has excellent vocal and acting skills, I am not a "fan" of his way of singing. However, I appreciated many of his other features, including musicals. There are also some of his songs that I like, so I'm not a "hater" and I didn't decide to beat her. I wrote this review from an honest perspective, from someone who did his best to watch this movie - many times too - and noticed the problems inside. If Streisand was interested in creating a fantastic or even credible film, she could have done it here by not injecting her need to show off and show how talented, beautiful and intelligent she is at all times. This film does nothing more than hurt his skills, make it seem self-absorbed and thus transform the film into a laugh party unworthy of his fans or his audience.
