Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds a somewhat impressive Italian image that blends into the material of his current task entitled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since his wife's mysterious death, his daughter, Emily, has been emotionally disturbed, so she goes to Spoleto, where the problematic picture is, with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is a Countess, who is also a psychic, and she informs him that the image was made somehow during the night when a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael doesn't believe his story, but after her Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is killed ... This Italian film is, of course, almost innocently influenced by THE EXORCIST, but this is much cheaper, much simpler, and in sense, much more dirty. First of all, it must be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows that Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees it in flashbacks, she perceives it exclusively from the point of view of a third person. But if it is the reincarnation of Emilia, it should and must see the past from nothing, but from Emilia's point of view. Confusions of this kind, which the film has many, are almost exclusively based on a problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its quasi-Freudian theme, namely the girl's incestuous one-way desire pre-adolescent. To make matters worse, this film also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); every character is too naive and defenseless to be a realistic and / or credible human being. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is a child after all, and it can be said that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naivety and impotence. (And according to Freudian theory, every girl wants to have her father's son in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological, but her way of excluding other women from her father's love is problematically pathological., As I've already said, this film itself is too cowardly to be Freudian.) The problem is that the adult characters are childish and naive and helpless as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic who can see almost everything cannot do anything concrete and, because of the same weakness, the film's story itself ended in a reckless way. Furthermore, the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable. Although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is remarkably beautiful (indeed this is so beautiful that it seems worth the effort alone), the film as a whole is nothing more than an economic B-film that can disappoint even the horror of the 70s cinephiles.
