I simply don't see how a Concorde-New Horizons film directed by Jim Wynorski and with Andrew Stevens' acting talents and a puppet could be bad. It's just that it makes the mind go crazy, right? <br /> <br /> Well, we shouldn't be wrong. "Munchie Strikes Back" is really a bad movie. Munchie is a puppet who has been around for many centuries. For reasons not fully explained until the end of the film, he is sent to Earth to help a single mother and her son. The mother's problem (her main problem, at least) is that she has a hot air balloon payment due on her mortgage in two weeks ... to the not-so-small sound of $ 20,000. Ouch. She can't come with the money because she was fired. OK ... JUST is the keyword in that sentence. What ...? Was he thinking of paying her back with just one salary? Maybe it would have been a good idea to have spent the last few years saving ... you think? <br /> <br /> Munchie has magical powers similar to those that a genius could possess ... but there is no limit to the number of wishes you can make! Munchie gets the guy a lot of extravagant things for a night, but then the guy asks for it to be sent back to the mall that Munchie was "borrowing" from. The pesky furball also uses its otherworldly abilities to help the boy win a deceitful baseball game. A baseball is hit so hard to orbit the Earth several times. Unfortunately, those stupid parents who watch the game don't think it's weird at all. Hmm. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I'd like to conclude this because this has already emptied out enough of my life force as it is. You will be really touched by the scene where Leslie-Anne Down, who plays the mother, kicks a dog that is teasing her. Your heart will melt away at its charm when it notices the dollar bills fluttering on its backyard and wonders how it could snow during the summer. The credits of "Munchie Strikes Back" have promised another film to follow entitled, I believe, "Munchie Hangs Ten". To date, the film audience has been robbed of what would surely have been a cinematic tour de force. Eh. 1/10
