An MTV-style film crew composed of American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his camera, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer 'dudes' named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) arrive in some nice island somewhere, it's not actually revealed where. The crew plans to shoot an exhibit on "bloodsurfing" which is apparently the ultimate craze for extreme sports. Surfers throw lures into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can surf without being eaten. Once there, they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark-infested waters of Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Shortly after arriving and having already filmed a "bloodsurfing" video, Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are all killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile that some say they "own" the island. The boat sank. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem stranded on the island until a rescue party arrives. However, after a run in some, I really don't know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionairies? Bad and fat people who simply don't like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? I'm not sure. However, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, they are captured just off the island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif). The film crew believes it has been saved. They don't know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks are back and he has an account to settle and four members of a film crew won't stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the giant man-eating crocodile. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox this is a terrible film, but it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie sucks. The screenplay by Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow since the crocodile is not even seen or mentioned before the 30 minutes and at that point I was seriously bored and annoyed by the horribly unlikely characters thought by Bernard and Levy. Even the entire film is predictably frustrating, and within the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with the stereotypes of horror movies and series characters will be able to guess who will die and who will survive. The crocodile effects are horrible and seem to repeat themselves indefinitely, there is a small puppet head that obviously has an arm locked inside controlling its movements while the water sprays become huge! The CGI shots of the crocodile are simply embarrassing to watch. There's nothing strange about it except when a character gets bitten in half which is obtained using CGI to digitally remove the actors' legs, again it looks terrible. There is also a short scene in which someone is impaled on wooden points when they trap a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus female actresses are beautiful and easy on the eye. There are also basic continuity and logical errors in the film, in a sequence that Cecily is filming Bog and Jeremy "bleeding", but from the angle and distance point of view it would be physically impossible to get movies of both sharks and surfers at the same way. time, and surely this is the central point of your shot? When Dirks is able to harpoon the crocodile, the angle of the wire changes drastically between the shots, in one shot the corner of the line seems to come from the sky, in the shot immediately after the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line is coming from under the water surface when in reality the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost level with the surface. Could I go on, like why does the crocodile jump off a cliff if it's as smart as this film tries to distinguish? But I would probably exceed the limit of 1000 words if I listed everything wrong with this film, so I won't do it. I hated this movie, but rather frighteningly it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort in a giant crocodile film. Definitely one to avoid.
