Wow. I have rarely felt the need to comment on films lately, but this in particular is asking for alms. Let's start from the beginning. First, screenwriter and director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the role of a tired old victim, complete with the requested abusive husband and the boring suburban existence. Let us say immediately that almost all the content of this boring film is completely trivial and trivial. Montford's pathetic attempt to symbolize the Christmas tree without stars is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> When she comes out for some Christmas gift wrap on a dark and sinister night, Della is furious because someone parks their car in a double row on the busiest shopping night of the year. He decides to do something about it, so he leaves an unpleasant note on the car's windshield. The next fifteen minutes of the film are dedicated to Della strolling aimlessly in the mall. When she finally arrives at her car, the thugs face her for the ticket, a policeman is killed, she runs, and they reach her, and she runs away, and they pursue her again, and so on. Everything is completely predictable and not engaging. The hooligans are not at all scary or threatening, and they are all caught off guard one at a time in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies where all the action depends on the characters as stupid as you can imagine. Because the bad guys don't kill her instead of waiting for her to hit them with an iron tire is beyond me. And once, just once, in a movie like this, does the pack leader have to die last? What does it matter that they are all taken one by one when they are all equally inept? Much of the film is simply Lukas Haas running through the woods shouting "Della !!!" And the inclusion of Joy Division in the soundtrack of this miserable film is offensive. <br /> <br /> The part that really made me turn to my computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and wounded, shouts to the sky, "Where are you, God?" Where, in fact, he was god when this film was made? I give it a 2 just because of the competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as "BTK Killer", the ultimate marker for judging any terrible movie. Greetings!
