Three times later I still have no idea what this movie is because, honestly, it failed to generate any real interest or concern. But here it is: a lot of too old to be a teen Teen Actors dressed in a horrible 80s fashion (I think so too?) Deciding that it would be a really good idea to get on a motorboat and visit Alcatraz abandoned after one of them had nightmares of people being slaughtered in various gruesome ways that they manage to snatch POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger at once. The idiot even imagines being roasted on an open fire with a deformed monster that slices strips of fillet. Fortunately it was just a dream or he could hurt, and fortunately his dreams had a decent special budget budget. Usually mine are rather lame: girls, model ships, blowing things up with a bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on Alcatraz Island they find themselves in a Slasher movie and meet up with Tony Basil, who can't help but break into a couple of dance poses at times and had the his lighting crew (complete with a smoke machine for the smoky haze of the 80s infused light appearance, which I miss). And this reminded me that Ms. Basil helped the choreographer David Byrne of the Talking Heads for some of his videos and shows. This obviously has nothing to do with the film, but it kept coming to mind because the film didn't have much to think about. It happens, and you can watch or continue working on the markup of your page with the TV on the side. But since the film is not very interesting, you will continue to decide to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the film will end and you will find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize that the credits are starting to roll again , damn it ... <br /> <br /> * SOME * Teen Horror films from the 80s can survive such a special vision: GHOSTHOUSE by Umberto Lenzi, CHOPPING MALL & it's Killbots, the hard to ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS and the over-the top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all come to mind. They are films that, like it or not, require your attention and usually pay with some good blood or T & A, and typos in your work as proof that you were watching TV instead of the keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (like the British version I mentioned is called) really has good things in there, but frankly I don't care. And nothing is more annoying than meeting art of any kind that does not inspire admiration, some decent aversion or even a good old honest hatred for it. The film is content to move away at 80 - whatever the minutes of time and never really accomplish anything more than sometimes being a distraction despite my best efforts to try to give it a chance, but without dice. <br /> <br /> There are some unusual production projects underway, the use of lighting is surprising at times, and the occasional outburst of chaos will probably keep 80s Teen Horror fans interested. The rest of you will still be warned: IT WILL BE WONDERFUL IF YOU DRESS LIKE THAT OF 1987, and the answer is probably more horrible than anything that happens on the screen. Try to see it as a free rental, if possible, so that if you are disappointed you are not stuck with the damn thing: movies like this occupy a precious space that is often a commodity these days, with the world coming to an end and everyone ...
