Witchcraft / Witchery / La Casa 4 / and anything else you want to call. How about .. Crud. <br /> <br /> A gathering of people in a place on the island of Massachusetts is besieged by the magical black powers of an evil witch who kills every individual with cruel and tortuous methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) is photographing for Linda (Catherine Hickland whose voice and behavior resembles EE-YOR from the cartoon Winnie the Poo), a virgin who studies witchcraft on the island, without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, who portrays an incredibly rude whore) is perhaps interested in buying the resort and, together with her husband Freddie (Robert Champagne, who is always attracted to other women much younger than him), her pregnant daughter Jane ( Linda Blair) and nephew Tommy (Michael Manchester, who looks bored everywhere, probably wants to watch Sesame Street instead of acting in this garbage), boating to the resort that is being treated to take a look at the property by Realtor Tony Giordano's Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), obviously a puppy in the business that gets his feet wet. Together with these people is the architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is a nymphomaniac) who could help Rose redesign the resort. The boat captain is killed by The Lady in Black (Hildegard Knef, with extra thick makeup and lipstick) and a storm is unleashed. The boat leaves on its own (.. guided by the invisible power of The Lady in Black, I imagine) with everyone stuck in the decrepit resort, which is in desperate need of repairs. Most victims, before meeting their macabre destinies, are taken through a type of red space tunnel whose vortex leads to another dimension (.. maybe a kind of hell or something like that) where they are tortured by these demons dressed in worn clothes with a cruel face. A victim has his mouth sown before being hung upside down in a fireplace, roasted while the others light the fire. A poor soul is tortured by harsh strings of rope wrapped tightly around her flesh before being found hanging from the snout of a swordfish that penetrates through her neck. A guy is slowly suffocating as his veins swell (and bleed) and the blood vessels in his neck explode spraying Hasselhoff's face! One is crucified with the nails hammered into his hands before being hung upside down on an open flame. Blair's pregnant victim takes hold of her standing hair that speaks into another woman's voice. One is raped by this demonic man with a "sick" mouth while the infernal hobos are happily nearby. The film, despite its excesses, is mostly monotonous for those who really want to see the lowest point in the careers of Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve better. Sometimes almost unbearable, building a suspense almost nothing. Clumsy execution of death sequences that seem cheap and laughable. Sure a little blood is ok, but most of the film shows the victims after they have been passed through the ringtone. We have the chance to see pregnant women (who look exactly like costumed stunts with ugly wigs) jumping out of three windows. Oh, and the reflected face of The Lady in Black often appears on inanimate objects that the characters can see. Tommy has a small Sesame Street recorder that records the jumbo songs of Lady in Black, obviously used for later. For some reason, The Lady in Black loves to visit little Tommy. He's not afraid of her at all, because Tommy is simply too bored to show an expression on his face, much less afraid. Do I have to say anything else? This is a real stinker. Ugh.
