Let's put political correctness aside and look at this in terms of the many sexual comedies that came out in the 1980s, because I don't think it's better or worse than the others first. Unless you are a little religious or a tense female, you can probably see a stupid movie like this without being too agitated about the content and I personally had a totally harmless feeling about it before and after watching it. Story is set in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a wealthy fifteen-year-old named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally excited and starts spying on the attractive waitress who has just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly but things get hot when her father goes out of town on business and she starts flirting with him to the point where she invites him into her bedroom to watch her undress. Philly is clumsy and doesn't know how to react at first, but soon takes care of him and has sex, but for his horror it seems that Nicole died of a heart attack! With the help of the squalid driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) they seem to have buried his body, but a blackmailer's note appears and Philly has to get $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole arrives and discovers that the whole thing was an extortion plan established by Lester and that she got along just because she is an illegal alien and if she didn't do what she was told, Lester would called the immigration office. Together they try to recover his father's money before he returns home and avail themselves of the help of Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a policeman to scare Lester. <br /> <br /> the little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but it grossed over $ 50 million worldwide and made one of the least likely films of that time such a success that drives me to wondering why this was a success and none of the others in the genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast of having made a successful film, but the truth is that he never had a real career in the movies, although he was very successful on television. So ... why has this been so successful? I thought it might just be because of Kristel and before you decide I'm crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star for her soft core films, so the only reason was that many free-thinking adults were intrigued to see her in an American film that was having a great success. With this, the adults themselves would also be nostalgic for their own youth and the fantasy of being taught about ways of making love by an attractive older woman who brings much younger members into the public who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the movie . Anyway, this is my thought and if anyone has another reason I'd like to hear it, but going back to the film itself it's obvious (and very sad) that a film like this probably could never be made again (except in Europe) because of the religious Giusto and the other more prudent monsters who can't cope with the fact that a teenager who gets fucked won't do him any harm. Indeed, it is a precious service that ALL CHILDREN pray for to happen to them! The film itself is clumsy and Kristel's double body is too obvious in certain scenes, especially if you take note of the difference in their nipples. The plot (although intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny nor revealing, so the nude scenes that are really the norm for the genre have been left open-mouthed.
