This film starred in a totally forgotten 1930s star, Jack Pearl (the "Baron Munchausen" of the radio) and Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2000 years later, it is advertised as a Three Stooges movie because they are the only ones in the film that the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> As for the Stooges, this is a film of those times - before MGM had any idea what to do with the team. At that point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" as Healy was the front man. Fortunately for the Stooges, they soon left this ugly and rather lacking talent (read it on him - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year they were producing highly successful short films for Columbia and MGM executives were quickly kicking themselves for losing the team. This sort of thing was a common occurrence at MGM, a large studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (like the films of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they left for Columbia, MGM put them in a wide variety of strange film roles - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And, strangely, in this film they didn't act like a team - they just acted in various supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> This particular film begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African Jungle. When they are saved and taken home, the whole sense of the film's structure disintegrates and the film becomes almost a variety show - punctuated with cable scenes here and there. As for Pearl, I could really understand why he never had a successful transition in movies, since he has the personality of a snail (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him - at least for his films - he was strong and ... strong! Apparently, he took time to help MGM ruin Buster Keaton's career to make this film. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall rather flat. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Stooges didn't have the right chemistry yet. Seeing Healy do the work that Moe did in their latest films is strange. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but since all the segments were short, they came in and ran too fast to really get into their routine. Stooges fans might be very frustrated with this, even if the most ardent fans might want to see this so they can complete their lifelong goal of seeing all of Stooge - even the rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser movies (oh , and hurt them after the death of Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is rather boring and disappointing. However, there are a couple of interesting things to look for in chaos. At about 13 minutes, you'll see a short scene where a tour guide on a bus is singing. Watch carefully, as Walter Brennan has a role you would never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the film is the song "Clean as a Whistle" which starts at about 22 minutes in the film. This number of songs and dances is clearly an example of a so-called "Pre-Code" scene that would never have been allowed in films after 1934 (when the Production Code was strengthened). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it's a very titillating number with naked women who show a lot of flesh - enough to stimulate but not enough to really show something! It is quite shocking when seen today, although these excesses were quite common in the early 1930s. At the end of the 63 minute minute, see Jimmy Durante set in a few decades. Watch the movie, you'll see what I mean!
