Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload but nothing else added to the original. What surprised me, however, is that the plot has been drastically changed compared to the 1968 film. Initially this aroused my interest, but what ultimately surprised me was that the new twists (a) were invented apparently to present us with a typical Hollywood-like product and (b) made the whole plot unlikely! The 1968 story was incredibly simple and didn't include storms or bogus things like that: it just stated that when you came home after a long journey, things could have changed a little. The earth may have fallen into the hands of monkeys, for example. Like many "old" movies, the main ingredient was suspense (hell, does anyone understand that word these days?). In this Burton film, an attempt was made to turn the whole thing into an action movie, but at what cost? Surely, the images are overwhelming, and a lot of time and money have been put into the design of a complete ape culture (even bee-music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, suspending disbelief is made very difficult, because monkeys have many traits of human-Hollywood. I refer above all to Ari and the slave trader. These traits include emotional abilities like irony, sarcasm and a host of "subtle" emotions. It makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. <br /> <br /> Second, the humans SPEAK. Of course, we can imagine that humans will never forget how to talk, but the fact that the monkeys spoke and humans did not make the monkey / human change very tangible and stressful in the 1968 version. The throat wound that Charlton Heston arrives it is essential for its survival and its speech regained later, essential for its uniqueness and for the interest that dr. Zira has in him (so, there is no need for things like human rights activists or human-human love to explain things). <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the fact that you speak is very plausible, but it is a necessary turning point in the new film, since Captain Davidson must play Hollywood - Let's-save-the-whole-and -have-a-good-ending-for-all-and-still-make-it-to-the-lounge-bar-for-a-cool-diet-coca-cola. Oh my god, won't they ever learn? I renewed it from the beginning, when there was only one boy who got lost! They needed a hero! And then the writers continue to reason: we need a boyfriend ... so, because a boy would lose himself ... because he tries to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... implausible! But it is necessary because it shows the public that it respects monkeys! Given that, in these modern and politically correct times, we can't have a xenophobic uniform like Charlton Heston's character on the screen: let's give them a bubblegum version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, okay, the twist of the original "discover the truth" of the 1968 film to the modern version (discovers that his own mother ship crashed on the planet a long time ago and that their lab monkeys have developed their society, where Heston has simply discovered that somehow the monkeys have passed the earth while he was away) is well done. The second part of the battle is presented as an anti-climax. This is because this film added the first two films of Planet Of The Apes in a plot. Nice try, but the cold you feel when Davidson and discover that he is lost on the planet forever washes because of the unattractive part of the battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the ending !!! For the chrissakes, who came up with that ?! (a) Does Davidson crash twice with its rescue capsule, which looks like a non-sterile object, while the chimp manages to simply land gracefully? Come on, who would believe it? If the pods are really small space objects (Davidson simply flies into space at the end) and not just to escape the ships, it could have managed a safe landing at least once, no? And what about that ending ???? I mean, in the original film it was clear that everything happened on earth. But here: the whole film takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Thade) the monkey culture is on earth ??? Why? Did the monkeys of the distant planet evolve technologically, flew into the storm of time and colonized the land before Davidson's mission took off? Why is Thade worshiped? Stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even adorable and beautiful like a monkey, but I didn't expect anything less. I preferred his monkey above Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I had a barbed wire in my head. However, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's domestic monkey (the former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / altered to the 1968 photo, but not to the plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and did not need additional explanations. It was graciously ironic and caricatural. Don't stylize everything ...
