If you plan to take care of a child, make sure it doesn't live near a graveyard. Especially if that child has the habit of drawing bloody images and disappears at night among the tombstones to see his "friends". But, our long-haired heroine, unaware of all signs, targets the Norton family, which includes a strict father and a deaf older brother who becomes a love interest for our budding baby-sitter. Even more spooky than the band of zombies on the outside is the tendency of the cast to speak even when their lips do not move, and the words do not correspond to the movement of their mouths. But enough of that ... the pets are sacrificed, the old ladies have distorted eyes and the orchestra doesn't turn off during the scenes, even the silent ones. Oh, and the publisher is spending a day off from the way the film continues to play. <br /> <br /> Indeed, it would have been better if all the actors involved had taken a break, sniffing what they had signed up for and gone AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into movies these days, but this kind of starting point is not one on your CV that you would like. If it were like an agricultural worker trainee who has a conviction for chicken harassment. With one of the worst performances ever seen before by the shrill Laurel Barnett, and another almost as bad as the charisma-free actress Rosalie Cole (The next Dakota Fanning is not) the film spins untiringly until we get what we get for the climax. <br /> <br /> This involves five or six members of the undead barricading our completely useless heroine in a shed, while her piece of crude rejects these ghouls with a wooden board, a gun and all that who can get their hands on. But let's go back a minute .. before they were in the car, and they discovered by chance that the creatures found the sound of the horn so repellent that they mingled with the sound of it. So they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they flee to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the boy can show that his girlfriend is able to behave as if she had a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It does not end, it simply stops. The main character wanders towards his vehicle covered in fake blood, as if nothing horrible had happened. But, my dear spectator, something horrible happened. You've just had one of the most boring and boring horror movies you've ever seen, and you've lost 82 minutes of your life to never come back. Think .. years from now to the point of death, what will you exchange an hour and 22 minutes just to spend some more time with your family. Unfortunately, it's already too late for me. Don't make the same mistake :( 2/10
