Yes. AWA wrestling how can you forget this unreal show. First they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil who did "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose tackle. Then it was Gene Okerland who when he became "crazy as the wrestler" would say "Were out of time" or "Well be right back" behaving as if he were angry, but in reality he sounded forced. After going to the WWF, Ken Resneck took over, even though his mustache looked like a week's stuck soup, he was a good interviewer whom "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called a rat face that made me fall out of his chair laughing. After he boarded the ship, Larry Nelson came on board and he was so bad that Phyllis George would be an improvement! Then there is Doug McLeod the best wrestling announcer who made every game exciting with his shot description! Then he was offered more pay by the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. On the ringside those who can forget Roger Kent who misses words and sentences were historical Like when a wrestler was great "He's great!" punching or kicking in the gut "right in the bellows" or when kicking "He bet" or "the" piledriver should be banished "after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a defenseless opponent. A greener money (WWF) had Rod Trongard which announced a grandiose but different style: like when a wrestler scratched the sole of his boot on other types of front he said "Right in front of the frontal e-lobe" or when a wrestler IS in trouble "He's in a bad bad way "Besides, he would say that AWA the worst, hardest, meanest and most scientific wrestlers are here in AWA! (There is no extra money Verne Gagne!) After leaving (WWF) Larry (Where is Phyllis?!) Nelson has got the upper hand and would like to talk to someone else or totally ignore it (WWE wisely didn't take it!) Greg Gagne also had the ugliest wrestling boots I've ever seen a yellow color of something I don't want to say. looking for the tag, it seems to want to do it for me r can run to the nearest bathroom! Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a great dropkick artist that you wonder why Greg was ever his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar fighter, but you wonder why Verne won against him. (Puhleeeeze!) Then, when Vince McMahon hired the Gagnes workers, he would have done most of them to fight squash games. I like to see the Gagne family say that wrestling is real now!
