I saw this movie right now, not when it was released and hailed as the best film of the year here in Israel. and to summarize everything right now, I will simply say: this is not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is Dror Shaul's second feature, and I must admit that his first and TV drama that he did before this image is much better. furthermore, this is his first attempt to direct a drama. the first jobs were comedies, and they were fun and effective. <br /> <br /> The first thing you need to know if you ever see this movie: 21st century Israel hates the kibbutz and the values ​​it has represented since the formation of the state of Israel. the real situation of the kibbutz is very terrible, and some of them disappear one by one. the kibbutz, a Hebrew word for collective, was a sort of village only for the members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. with the change of social values ​​over time, it now seems that the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was repressed, closed by dogmatic rules, without any ticket. the entry of capitalist values ​​and lifestyle in the 1990s and until now has made the survival of the kibbutz very difficult. the crazy mother in the film is the central metaphor for this. <br /> <br /> But I regard this film as something that has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of the kibbutz. once, it was the dream of every young couple to live in a kibbutz and raise children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that the kibbutz, with its socialist dogma, was a place a bit like a cult of mad people, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every individual within the collective. this is the central philosophy of post modern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. you have to get to the center, and no one else but you is the problem. this is the philosophy that the film represents, and this is only the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you don't agree with me politically, I'm sure you'll agree that acting, the tone of the movie, it's the script and its direction are the four sins that follow. the film has no real visual text and none of its shots is something to remember. it is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is nothing but a farcical and artistic attempt to provoke emotions, which do not emerge, not in the film and not with the spectator. brings nothing but boredom. <br /> <br /> Can anyone explain: why did this film win so many awards? perhaps because it shows that Israel is in line with the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? or perhaps shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, not giving in to dogmas and fanaticism? that we are fundamentally very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because it tells one of the greatest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification of the existence of the Jewish state? no matter what the answer is, it's not good. not for the world, not for human values ​​and not for Jews.
