A little girl lives with her father and her brother in the countryside. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies while the movie opens with her kittens feeding on some kind of creature in the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother who became crazy but in her life enjoyed being in the woods all the time night. The premise of the film has a new young lady who comes to Rosalie to take care of her. While driving he is presented to the evil of the forest and, imagine the suspense, he experiences a huge blue barrel that falls over the side of a cliff to somehow stop his dead car. From there he heads for the nearest house and discovers Mrs. Whitfield who then makes a lot of explanations about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness emanating from the character of Mrs. Whitfield must be seen to be believed. Well, the young woman meets with the child and soon we learn that not only is it strange, but everyone in the film is also very bizarre. Everyone shares one thing in common, that none of them has ever heard of an acting school. None of these people can act - as the few vehicles in which they appeared in the film before or after show - and they all seem to have a little idea of ​​what is happening, take a break to remember the lines and have the whole conviction of a paper bag. The director trudges slowly into the material with this horrible piano music growing here and there in those things that are supposed to be scary. It takes a while before we get to a couple of murders from friends of the creatures, but at the time I didn't care. Even the murders are not convincing, and the truth is that the whole film resembles someone through their friend's farm with people and things at hand. That said, the ending has some disturbing aspects, even if we don't learn a single thing about why Rosalie is like that or, more importantly, who the creature with the cheap masks is. Economic does not even begin to describe the budget here with. Basically it's a couple of old farmhouses and some sheds at the end and of course the woods. Someone lent the director a couple of old cars as well. No special effects of any kind and only the most minimal trick. There are so many laughs / ridiculous moments to list, but I will list only a few that, at least, made me giggle at the lack of aptitude for the creative powers involved: 1) Look at the gardener's body well after he was "killed". Len enters and sees him massacred and you can see his fat belly lift out of life. 2) the dying scene at the end where the actress who plays Rosalie is killed. He seems to be listening to the directions and enjoys dying considering the method. 3) How about the guy who plays Roaslie's father giving us Andy Griffith, a poor irritable man. The scene where he is laughing about the dying boy scouts was a strange whistle. The movie Child is really a bad movie and it's bad even by the 70s cheese standards, if you want. This is not a B series movie, but more like a Z movie with producer Harry Novak who makes a little money on practically nothing.
