Corrupt look at the life of the kibbutz <br /> <br /> This film is less a cultural story about the life of a boy in a kibbutz, but the deliberate demonization of the life of the kibbutz in general. In the first two minutes of the film, the milk man who takes care of the cows injures one of his calves. And it's all downhill from there in terms of characters that represent typical "kibbutznikim". In addition to the two main characters, a depressed woman and her young son, all the others in the kibbutz are a coarse caricature of good and evil. <br /> <br /> The story centers on how the kibbutz, as a kind of cult, slowly draws the mother and child into despair and what inevitably follows. There is no happiness, no joy, no laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents a different horrible human vice such as misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, worship, repression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is an extraordinarily beautiful 12-year-old European boy? his older brother is a typical kibbutz boy, with his "Jewish" physical appearance and brutal personality. He worries more about screwing up foreign volunteers than about the health of his dying mother. Treat these volunteers as garbage. After his little brother asked him to visit his dying mother who he hasn't seen for a long time because of his military service, he orders, mentions ?? "Linda, go take a shower and I'll go in two minutes." <br /> <br /> Is there another "good" character in this movie ?? a European foreigner who plays his mother's boyfriend. When the animal rapist tries to hit the mother's son, the boyfriend defends him by breaking the rapist's arm. He is summarily expelled from the kibbutz for "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: the French woman, indescribably annoying, who plays the teacher, preaches that sex cannot happen before the age of 18, or without love and provides an account of the real act that should be fun for the public, but it's really only stupid. Obviously he is smashing the head of the kibbutz in the fields which in turn screws the baby's mother when her mental health deteriorates. <br /> <br /> The film portrays the kibbutz as a kind of cult. The children are torn out of their beds in the middle of the night and taken to a ritual in which they swear allegiance to the camps guarded by the kibbutz elders. The mother apparently cannot "escape" from the kibbutz, although in reality, anyone was / is always free to come and go as they please. It's a mystery how the boy's father died, but you can rest assured, the kibbutz "pushed him to do it" and his surviving parents are another couple of unhappy and unfortunate characters who weigh on his mother and his son. <br /> <br /> This is the essence of this film. One-dimensional characters, as well as dramatization, arid performances and an insidious message that continues to try to hammer in the head of the audience ?? that kibbutz life was degrading, miserable and even deadly to those who had not "adapted". I'm sorry for the guy who made this movie ?? obviously he had a bad experience growing up in a kibbutz. But I feel like taking some kernels of truth about the life of the kibbutz and turning them into huge stereotypical atom bombs.
