The first Home Alone was a pretty good movie ... the sequel was pretty much the same, in a new scenario. This tries to be original and in a sense it succeeds ... obviously the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly altered plot. The new score is pretty bad (even if the new song "setting traps" was, if nothing else, interesting and different), above all compared to the great result of the first, and the almost-but-not-enough-as-good score of the second. This (almost) compensates by using good non-original music, but it's not the same thing. The plot is right, and quite original for the franchise, but it's still basically the same film as the first two, with worse acting and a less impressive example of the "scary character who turns out to be good". The acting is mostly insignificant. The characters are mostly caricatures. The new thieves are less fun than the old ones (and they play spies, which is almost criminal, given the limited amount of good spy movies that are there, and how precious few of them are fantastic). The fact that there are more (and therefore more traps) is just a weak attempt to try to go beyond the first two films ... and it doesn't work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is a little too ... adult and serious for a children's movie (and there was a sexual joke or two, even if it's not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, as is the plot in general. I could follow him, but I doubt a child could do it. Some of the exhibits are delivered so clearly that even children might find it stupid. Animal stuff is generally not fun. There are fewer brothers, which should mean that those who are there develop more, but have fewer personalities than those less present than those in the first two films. All in all, just not particularly good, or worth watching, unless * you * love to watch criminals hurt themselves in cartoon violence. I recommend it to big fans of the series. 3/10
