This was one of those movies that had a lot of sounds on the air in the early 1970s, usually on "4am Movie" or once, at 7.30pm "Channel 6 Big Movie" and yet another on Creature Double Feature. The local channels used to run films as part of their local programming (mostly gone today in favor of commercial time). It was time. A pair of buttoned-up Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen boys in the remnants of the surplus Army) who are sent out in field maneuvers to examine some strange radiation, and end up to meet extraterrestrials. They first entered Bronson Canyon in what would later be the famous Batcave on Batman, and encountered the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later, in the cave, they are chased by a living creature of carrots, basically a guy in black overalls and a papier-mâché head, with glittering things and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of them - complete fanatics, Ray and Ball - are captured and woken up at the tables and are "examined" by the amazons of space: Dr. Poona (nooo joke!) And Professor Tanga who are incredibly beautiful and even more Moorish in their succinct "divided" bikini. At the time we were too young to realize what slavery and fetish scenarios later this "exam" scene would have more than suggested. It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster are stuck on the ground with a ship that is well hidden and are trying to get back to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was made as a total comedy with varying degrees of Taste but remember that this was the moment when Eric Von Zipper and his crew of the Frankie and Annette films were the climax of the film B-movie, the drive-in comedy. It therefore seemed natural to jump on the cart for little money. <br /> <br /> For some reason I just thought I'd imagine seeing this movie to begin with. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on a "restored" DVD, it was kept in my memory. Comedy ranges from slightly funny to simply stupid, but anyway. The budget is non-existent, which is a small miracle when you think about it, which has been realized and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now-over 40 years later. The reward is the girls who want to know "love" and "the kiss" and, the result is the geeks - that we all were - they make girls win and love. It's just silly and silly and for places, it has a nostalgic meaning.
