Apparently Shakespeare equals a high eyebrow that equates to a number of people who do not see something for what it really is. At some point in this film, someone (I believe that the producer of Pacino) warns him that the film is going off the road, once he talks about how the masses think about Shakespeare through the vehicle of RICHARD III. Instead he decides to shoot a skipped game with random comments scattered everywhere. Some scenes seemed to be included as movies for Al's house (was there ANY reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, as well as a laugh about something unexpected happening there?), E, ​​first that the film really started, we are treated to see Al prance around and act cute and fun for the camera. I thought his foolish act with Kay towards the end of GODFATHER III with the knife to his throat was AN ACT - but apparently it's just the way Al really behaves in person. <br /> <br /> Just wander around. Here is an infatuation for the shotgun of the reason why I didn't even do it for 3/4: 1) pretentious - Al always knows when the camera is on him, if he acts like Richard or in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of his eyes, moreover, some of the actors around the rehearsal table become untethered and wax hammy to the extreme. If someone who reads this has ever spent some time with a group of actors and has seen this kind of thing from the outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chewing all the landscapes!" 2) Winona Ryder. When it appears as Lady Anne, this film comes to a screeching halt, from which it never recovers. He has nothing to add to the discussion scenes, but the camera focuses on her to bring the children. His performance is terrible, to start. 3) The only things you really learn from this are said by the same scholars that the directors are trying to keep out of the picture. Of course, we also learn that Pacino should not direct films (or Richard in the first place). I prefer to watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the game and learn by yourself. Go out and watch him perform. In 1997 I saw the play at the Ethnic Cultural Theater of the University of Washington, and it made what we see in this film look like a school drama (except for Clarence's free cut! My God! Was it necessary ?!) /> <br /> It's all just a little sound and fury, meaning nada.
