Absolutely Burton's worst film, which seems to get worse with every movie he directs. A miserable script laden with clichés is just the first of many questionable aspects of this film. This is the kind of movie where every time something happens, you're sure to hear someone shouting "he lost his gun!" or whatever it is to let everyone know. Carter is really horrible, as is Wahlberg, who doesn't know how to interpret the truth and be convincing. Very beautiful effects and photography, but little music in the John Williams mold by Burton Elfman's partner. Heston appears in a senseless scene to express his most famous phrases from the first film. Very poor results. <br /> <br /> If someone else has also seen "Sleepy Hollow", he will probably have noticed, like me, the declining quality of Burton's films. I heard that this particular project was produced by others and that Burton was appointed director, in which case his judgment should be questioned. But I think he allowed any possible vision he might have had earlier in his career to slip; the evidence is in the movies. In "Sleepy Hollow", he couldn't decide what kind of movie he was making, whether it was a comedy or a real horror movie, and the population of British actors (Chris Lee, etc.) made you think he was kind of a monster rally film (those are never scary, as horror fans know). The film could not have been successful either in horror or comedy because it was so schizophrenic, and no style had been developed to smooth the two together. "Planet of the Apes" is more or less the same way, and the result is more like "Total Recall" or "Tango and Cash" than as science fiction. He also fell in the wake of so many other "great" directors who try to satisfy the entire audience as possible. Talk to Burton, if you're out there - take something and do it directly, or use a style to do it all together (like in "Mars Attacks" or "Beetlejuice"), or retire because people love me who are fans of your movies I will stop going.
