Syriana wiped out critics at the release and everything looked exciting. I suppose it's one of those films that is intensely intelligent ... so clever that I think you need to be an expert in the oil industry and in a politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself unintelligent, I have studied politics since early adolescence and I like an intelligent film, but for the most part, unless it is a documentary film, they are primarily intended to entertain and have a message. Syriana has tried to be strictly intelligent and keeps some people away. I would go so far as to say that those who excite and insist that it is a 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This film has been the most confused, senseless dribbling, without a mind I have seen for a while ... Above all considering the critical acclaim, the Oscar nods and the cast. Screenwriter Stephen Gaghan still disappointed me. His Havoc written horror preceded this movie and I think he's just trying too much. I can't believe he was offered the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code script. In addition, Gaghan directed the film, making it a real mess. I had no idea who anybody was, why things were happening, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I don't really know who he is, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their performances because, despite the horribly complicated script, the actors did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and murderer I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been my favorite, but lately he has managed to churn out some decent performances and this seemed like a good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if I knew what was happening with him I would really appreciate his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he is pretty bland and always looks like a deer in the headlights that I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes that are given to her. Christopher Plummer makes a cameo as someone who does something. I like Plummer and I like to see it appear even if it doesn't get billing anymore. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense if only the story made sense. I'd like to quote the plot description on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir of an emirate gives an oil contract to China, cutting off a US company that promptly dismisses its immigrant workers and merges with a small business that has landed a Kazakh oil contract The Justice Department suspects corruption and the oil company law firm finds a scapegoat and the CIA needs it even when its plot to kill the emir-apparent fails. Agent Bob Barnes, the fall guy, orders the double crossing The economist kills the death of his son in a contract to warn the sheik that the CIA wants to die. The unemployed Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group. All roads start and end in the oil fields. " WHAT!?!? Say who now? Syriana could be the film of a thinking man, but it bored me to tears and no matter how hard I tried to stay with it I eventually gave up and turned it off after an hour and a half and you couldn't corrupt me enough to take me to finish it. I suppose if you want to form an opinion rather than watch it but I promise you that someone looking for entertainment or a funny movie will fall asleep in the first half hour. 1/10
