Wha-BAM! Someone certainly enjoyed having a whole load of sour mushrooms and then writing this crazy excuse for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen expands the "Sword & Sorcery" concept with a couple more Ss, like Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Sheer Stupidity! This is not just a movie, this is the dream of every perverted young man and his fantasies come true! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, female mud, temptation to rape, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, horribly oiled muscular bodies, multi-sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments death, delirious witches, dismemberment, bad guys and laughable tits, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally cleans the floor with his obvious role model "Conan: The Barbarian" when it comes to messes and sheer flashiness. History is, of course, of less importance. Lone and gay (only he doesn't know it yet) warrior Deathstalker goes on a mission, as commanded by an annoying witch, to collect the three notorious elements of creation ?? or something similar. In his journey he combines forces with a troll-transformed-human, a fighter who is even more gay than himself and - last but not least - a succulent woman who does not really seem to be very supportive of the bra concept. Together they head towards the kingdom of Munkar, ultimately evil, where they will participate in a warrior tournament and win no less than two out of three items. Munkar is a bald man with a half spider web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would also make the richest oil sheikh jealous. Okay, guaranteed, "Deathstalker" is a damn terrible and sometimes even unbearable film. The fight sequences are lame and the costumes and effects of makeup are decidedly pitiful. For a moment, as I watched the opening sequence, I really feared looking at "Troll, the Prequel". Monsters look incredibly cheesy and the exact opposite is threatening, but it's undeniable entertainment if you're in an undemanding mood. I assume this is not a favorite among feminists, as the general portrait of women is somehow ?? um ?? discriminant. Most girls serve exclusively as eye candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl on the bare floor and play in the mud, but it is strictly forbidden to open your mouth. The two women "protagonists" (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are incredible but - in all honesty - if it were not for their exhibitors continuously exposed, they are hardly worth mentioning.
