Woosh ??! Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene, perhaps? We see a group of Mongolian-Barbarians with a bad trick jumping off the walls of some ruins. They steal around and attack a guy with a little dressed girl in prison. The guy runs away, the Mongoloids follow him and one of them is apparently left behind to rape the girl, but instead exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. So the guy (still on the run) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a divine-looking blond hero appears with a black wig, who says "That's my horse!" The mighty Deathstalker barely made his appearance. The Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills everyone (including the guy) with the melodies of some rather inappropriate western Mexicanos tracks (this should be a Swords & Sorcery movie, so what are the 'arriba-trompettos'?), And then go up to Captive Girl and exposes both breasts. He starts rubbing them and Captive Girl seems to like it. Begin to like your lips and caress the Deathstalker. Just when they are about to begin, this old man appears, interrupting what could have been the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending for a short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me ?? This is not the point where a feminist could angrily switch off the film, or any other male spectator would say "This will be a damn good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: Deathstalker must get the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Amulet of Life and the Goblet of Magic from the evil wizard Munkar. <br /> <br /> beheadings, dismemberments, random bloodshed, delayed punch fights and embarrassing sword fights, this film also contains a huge amount of t! ts and $$ shots. Initially I wanted to add an extra point to this film for every free shot of nude tits you could count. After 9 points (not even in the middle of the film), I had to give up counting. He was distracting me from the rest of the film. And the rest of the film was worth it. Totally crazy stuff Check out this mutant cat / worm creature Munkar has it as a pet and that feeds eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman's body entered your bedroom and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: slap him a little, remove the knife and then try to rape him. Then you find out that she's not really a woman, so you throw him out of bed and tell him to leave your room. It works well, I'll tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and the Deathstalker way, is the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful film, really, as pointed out in other comments. The bad guys are cowards. Women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. There is a completely useless tournament that includes only a group of barbarians who beat, cut and tear each other to pieces. My favorite weapon used in that tournament was a giant wooden hammer, used to beat a poor competitor in bloody slime. And my favorite contender was undoubtedly the brute one with the head of Warthog (reminiscent of the Gamorrean Guards of RETURN OF THE JEDI). I will not reveal how the film ends, but I prepare myself to be delirious with joy when I tell you that a 4-way dismemberment is thrown into the climax of the film. <br /> <br /> And of course, there is a wonderful demonstration of ineptitude throughout the film. See a boy dragged behind a horse on a dirt road, and the next point of view shows him dragged on the grass (no road). Look at that fantastic tattoo on the wizard's head that magically changes the sides within the same scene (the shot has it on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a magician. That's it, or this film was shot in an alternate universe where things like "continuity" simply don't exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I liked this and the more I look forward to the other 3 in this series, I have enough shreds of decency in me not to let this movie pass. I am prepared, however, to give him the maximum amount of minimum points, only in this way I might be able to deduce a couple of points more for subsequent sequels, perhaps lower. DEATHSTALKER could be a superbly entertaining, scruffy and squalid scam of CONAN, it is also an abominable film.
