Last night I was looking through the Hollywood video with a friend trying to find a good-looking horror movie to watch the New Year's weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" noticed my gaze, and grabbed it from the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-level horror movie. The cover looked pretty good. The plot seemed semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake Don't be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. I think more money was spent on the cover than the film itself. The film follows two police investigators who are tracing a voodoo-inspired serial killer called "The Head Hunter" who is beheading victims left and right in an unnamed city (probably Los Angeles), and they retract into his world of ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> Does the story sound a little good? Well, it is, and this movie could have been halfway decent. But dear God, it was bad! Almost everything was ridiculous. The opening scene features a redheaded actress in a car trying to talk to this huge, outdated cell phone, and for whatever reason, she goes out and talks to a guy. Then, a shadow approaches behind them, cuts off the head, and the girl falls to the ground and starts crawling (absolutely without reason) as she tries to compose the 911. Sounds ridiculous? Yes, you bet it is. The whole film seems to have been shot on a VHS quality camera, and I assume it was. The acting was mostly horrible, and the special effects were far from credible. And the scenes with the cops on the phone were horrible - the voice of the other line was echoing and it looked like it was recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this film was simply amateur and boring, and it didn't hold my interest for a long time, and I often found myself bored and tired, especially due to bad acting and horrible cinematography. The pace was bad. Everything was just ugly. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent b-movie. The plot was good and I think that if this film had been managed better and had a higher budget, it could have gone well. But this film fell on his face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be deeply disappointed. Recommended only if it is possible to tolerate horror films of grade D. Otherwise, you will probably want to stay away from this garbage straight to the video. It had little potential, but it was beyond confusion. 1/10.
