If there is one thing that annoys me more in seeing a bad movie, it's seeing it done by experienced directors who should know better. This "re-imagination" of Planet of the Apes could have used some imagination, not to mention the essential elements of character development. Nova, the girl from the original Planet of the Apes, was a more developed character than Daena in this version, for all that does not say a single word. Certainly much better was expected from Tim Burton, a man who has so far combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, humor and humor, which were particularly absent from this production. <br /> <br /> There have been basic storyline development issues. The first big mistake was to allow humans to talk. This was the fundamental difference between the monkeys and the men that made * all * the difference in the original film. Although he was mute, his ability to communicate was what distinguished Taylor from Heston as different from other humans. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages human (talking) slaves to rebel, but there is no overwhelming reason for them not to have turned their emancipation upside down and claimed it already. They are skilled users of tools and have the ability to communicate to form plans, something that dumb humans cannot do. He does not need any man to fall from the stars to save them. In fact, since it comes from a technological civilization and finds itself in a pre-technological era without (at first) any gadget to help it, it is Wahlberg who should be at a disadvantage, not the humans who are used to living there. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to generate a sort of spark between her and that brick wall that Mark Wahlberg didn't answer. His best scenes were with the evil Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> Humans were practically ignored until they were needed in the third act, at which point Daena began to show some interest in Davidson (Wahlberg), and a young man suddenly the boy changed from one side to the other another of the background to an exuberant freedom fighter. This was a bad character development. (Estella Warren, in particular, seemed to be capable of much more than was given in the script). Wahlberg's perplexity about what these humans see in him was certainly shared by me, as he has just interacted with humans in everything. <br /> <br /> Creating the monkeys: half more point and two disadvantages: Ape makeup was excellent for males, especially Michael Clarke Duncan who has incredibly expressive eyes (the reason he was so good at The Green Mile), and makeup design allowed him to use them completely. But the monkeys seemed nothing on earth, neither apes nor humans. The disadvantages were the monkey jumps that seemed as realistic as Flash Gordon's missile: skipping the monkeys seemed to have just been fired from a catapult, they lacked the graceful long lines of genuine monkeys. Secondly, the poor sound mixes - when the gorillas roar it is clearly nicknamed by some animal, probably feline, making them look ridiculous and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> In the original film, the various "human" things the monkeys do and say are handled as a slight relief ("I never knew a monkey that I didn't like." "Human, human!" ). Here, monkeys speak only in fact exactly as humans do in the 21st century, and there is no humor at all. The only genuinely original idea was Ari's writing with his feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me shudder any more than the "V-Ger from Star Trek" moment towards the end of the film. First of all, apparently the monkeys were able to read Roman letters in the distant past, because they knew the name of the forbidden zone in its partially hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious name-giving inscription is simply covered in sand that Wahlberg barely touches, something that any monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was, for me, much worse than the film's much-maligned final. <br /> <br /> Things of this nature, however, are typical of most science fiction films today. In the 60s and 70s, they generally did not have the budget to create convincing futuristic sets, but they dealt with genuinely original themes and ideas that were truly science fiction. I'm thinking about 2001: A Space Odyssey, the Planet of the Apes of 1967, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and 1972 Solaris. Even the first planet of the apes used the only scientifically valid and physically possible method to move forward in time. However, this film includes almost all the bad science fiction clichés: space storms, anomalies and worm gaps directly from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons are apparently all visible together as large globes (in reality from any planet, all the other bodies, even their moons themselves, are only points of light); a conventional rocket-powered shuttle that travels from Saturn to Earth in minutes rather than years; Equipment of two thousand years that turns on and works perfectly as soon as the hero presses the button. Not to mention an interior bulletproof glass door. In a contemporary context, you should explain * why * it was bulletproof, but because it's "science fiction" you don't have to! <br /> <br /> Overall, Burton's most disappointing film.
