Spoiler warning ?? even though i think this was ruined coming out of the can ?? It is hard to even imagine that a film with these stars from this studio, made at this time, could be so terrible, but it is. It is the biggest flaw in the film by far that makes no sense. <br /> <br /> The wealthy widower The American aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "in charge" and leaves for the first world war where he is killed. Then we move on to the present (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court where they are said to have spent the last twenty years, and a jerk by the name of Barclay is trying to take away their home from them. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that includes the script, more holes in it than The Warren Report. What happened to Gaylord's luck? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family home move from an opulent palace to The Munsters' house? Who the hell is this Barclay clown? And why is he able to remove someone's home from them? The questions only add up to other questions. <br /> <br /> The usual affable and charming George Brent plays Barclay, who is inexplicably a whiner to smash everyone, to take whatever he wants, no matter who he belongs to and without a hint of guilt; yet no one besides Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems particularly unpleasant to this cretin. Why? None of these questions has ever been answered. We instead simply follow Fiona's life from one train accident to another, the evil Barclay takes away his home, his fortune and even his child. What does she do? Shoot him? Fire it up? No, too logical. In a completely unlikely conclusion, this woman, who is only a previous romantic involvement with Barclay was, except for the technical nature of the marriage, the rape, suddenly decides in mid-sentence (literally) that she doesn't hate him, she loves him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no reason in the world, this first model of female independence and authority is transformed into the usual ankle-indolence twit most commonly found in films of this era. Yes, of course, I steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I fall in love with you. On what planet does it happen? I can only assume that the reason I never heard of this movie before I happened to understand it on Turner is that it was as lost in the contemporary audience as it is today.
