I wish more movies were two hours long. On the other hand, I wish more films of the American Civil War had ALWAYS lasted two hours. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - is the duration I expect; though those two at least remained entertained for all the hours they lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted until it happened because things happened during it. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Ang Lee's film is bloated and uneventful. It actually feels like it takes less than two hours. That was not a compliment. In reality it is not different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the moment it seems that it will never end, afterwards it seems to have taken no time at all. <br /> <br /> The film takes the wrong foot, while Lee recites his endless titles BEYOND the opening movie (bad mistake) in which we are presented with some characters that we no longer like and that will come later to detest. The two in the middle are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are loyal supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally convinced southerner whose values ​​share Jake. (I had to re-read that sentence to make sure I hadn't written "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa.) The two go on to become "bushwhackers" - southern militia that so much crave after revenge and violence to which they do not you can even worry about joining the southern official army, which I assume they think is for little girls. I'm afraid Lee lost me right there. It is easy to feel for the characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to appreciate them, or if we feel them as if we know them in some way, then their moral defects can make us worry about them even more. It is not so here. We are not adequately presented to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that it is a pimple without a man's lap, which is not a confederate by choice and habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does, whose psychology is purely immitative . The people you associate with are either equally or positively wicked in some uninteresting way. I found myself cheering whenever the Northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: well - kill the rebels, end the damn war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> getting around this problem is horrible and horrible dialogue. Everyone speaks in the same plaintive southern accent. I've heard accents from all over the English-speaking world and this is the worst of all. I don't care if the Southerners really talked like this, it's just not fair to ask the audience to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we listen to it for a good two hours: Lee's photo is very much spoken, especially because the characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammatical, say-all-three-fold, drawled folksy. It would help if they talked faster, but not much. Can these people not find a more efficient language in which to communicate? <br /> <br /> In short: the film is small but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life, who speak in an offensive way of speaking, who don't wash often enough, who don't care about anything interesting , despite being involved in a war. Good points? Jewel was nice to look at, as was the scenery. But I have complaints here too. The well-framed cinematography looked as if someone had mistaken a color film in black and white for color; and as for Jewel, we were teased with his body, but in reality I never allowed him to look at it, which I think is the least we owed.
