** SPOILERS ** This was a bad movie, and I'm sorry I saw it. Like Dobermann by Jan Kounen, he suffers mainly from bad changes - or the lack of it. It is as if the director was so in love with his work that instead of cutting the film at a pace that caught your attention, he added all the footage he had shot together. There are perhaps two interesting scenes in the whole film. One of these is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera starts to spin around him. It was nice, but ok, we did it! Go ahead please! The camera won't stop turning around this guy! There are perhaps one or two more beautiful scenes that I have forgotten in this flood of mediocrity, but the last duel scene IS NOT ONE OF THEM! It may be because unlike previous sword manipulation scenes, Shanao is not masked - but just because the director couldn't find a stuntman who somehow resembled Asano Tadanobu didn't give him the right to go ahead and wear makeup. % of the sword fight with extreme close-ups of sword fights! And all from the same angle, I can add. The director should learn from the American ninja film The Hunted, produced in 1995 during the high-speed train. Personally, I saw the village raid scene as a tribute paid to previous generation social activists who were confronted by police in the violent demonstrations of their college years. The situation in which innocence is oppressed by an authoritative and armed branch of the government that does not want to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialists and communists who are a political minority. The film versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two more recent examples * END SPOILER * I don't understand. I simply don't understand why people who don't speak the language of the film find praise worthy material in this. Perhaps the worst was lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The ending of the film - on which marketing has played a lot, is a different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But that legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and is so detached from contemporary themes, that after 138 minutes of overcrowded visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret the story !? Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said that there was an unpleasant tendency among new Japanese directors to ignore the Japanese public and to direct their films to foreign film festivals - in order to get a faster international fame. This works, even if it doesn't make sense, because the point of an international film is to present to the world what kind of films are made in other countries - what kind of films they look at in those countries. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
