Well, where to start? I think I can start with the general complaint about the way this film is marketed. Call me ignorant for not having known about Schneebaum's book before seeing the documentary that was based on it and decide to live under a kind of rock, but don't blame me for choosing this film with the title and description on the packaging not takes into account the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion of this book. Yes, I felt rather stupid after seeing this little movie seeing how the reason I sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good portion of "Modern Cannibal Tale". I mean, am I crazy to expect this movie to really cover most of its story about cannibalism behavior in jungle tribes? I certainly didn't expect an hour and forty-five minutes of an old old man kissing his ass complaining about every little detail of his boring and consummate life. I certainly didn't expect the insipid direction and above all I didn't expect to laugh so much with Tobias Schneebaum and with all its glorious glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really unlikely. The old man has fun and curses the whole film, making the whole image his own story even if he is not even an interesting character to fill a story. Oh really? Was he a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film focuses on almost nothing with regards to Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we really see any cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what happened to him in Peru and says he had "a little piece". This is all, people. Ninety minutes of bull later and Tobias Schneebaum is a three-inch cannibal. It's like calling a movie "The life of a real Don Juan" just to see that the only time the protagonist of the film did something sexual during college, when he once played "just the tip". Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The direction is, indeed, superbly horrible as there is no flow or rhythm in the story being told. Okay, I realized that I didn't read Schneebaum's volume before seeing his celluloid story, but I can still recognize an incorrect mess and an even worse montage. One minute Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism and the next day he continues to talk about how he can't drive and then he jumps to talk about a dead relative or a failed and miserable saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least slam his story back to the first part; follow up on some things that cover his homosexuality and then conclude it with a cordial look on his visit to Peru? Also: I don't care much about Schneebaum's petty little jokes about life and life, but at least I implore the old man to be consistent with his ramblings. If I hear a guy talking about how he prefers jungle life, I don't expect him to suddenly shit and complain about wanting to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note on the direction is represented by the random clips of the plot in question for the small television appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may find fancy clips for small breaks in the story, the director abused the trick and broke his entire film into pieces apparently trying to put most of the effort into telling the story on the old reels. <br /> <br /> The bottom line here is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Pure and simple. I know I haven't read the book, but I'm still holding on to the argument that this film is totally useless by noting that a good movie must stand on its own. This documentary is based too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and instead goes on from such an assumption as an additional disc found on a DVD. Schneebaum is at the same time arrogant and asshole, and he hits an acid combination when he mixes with the fact that his story is extraordinarily upsetting. If you are looking for a solid piece about the nature of humans and cannibalism, move away because "Keep the river on your right" is an embarrassing exhilarating selfishness that indulges in a man who has been late for a straight jacket and a gag.
