Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had a wide (separate) career in film before they finally joined. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan films, he was advertised on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known by his friends as "Babe". During the post-war tour of Britain with Laurel in a music hall act for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe in which he explained the origin of this nickname: early in his acting career, Hardy shaved from a gay hairdresser who squeezed Hardy's chubby cheeks (the ones on his face) and said "Nice baby!" Hardy's workmates started crying over him "Babe", and the nickname stuck. <br /> <br /> Although much of Hardy's pre-Laurel work is very interesting, especially his comedic roles in support of Larry Semon and Chaplin's imitator Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Ruge (who?) in a series of low budget short films for the Vim Comedy Film Company is really very difficult. Hardy and Ruge have been given screen names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant in themselves, but made worse because Ruge (although lower than Hardy) is not particularly rare. Seen here, Hardy looks a lot like his first Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without the spit curls and the annoying mustache. <br /> <br /> 'One Too Many', an absolutely typical Plunt and Runt epic, is definitely not funny ... and its dreichness is made even more evident by the fact that this film has exactly the same premise as " That's My Wife ", one of the most exhilarating films of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is the star boarder in a bedroom run by a tall and awkward hostess. Runt (Ruge) is the goalkeeper. Plump receives a letter from his rich uncle John, whose god he expects to inherit. His uncle is coming to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There is only one problem: Plump does not have a wife and a child. He lied to his uncle to look like a family man. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find him a wife and a child on short notice. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if those disastrous results were fun, but they're not. Most of the humor humor here is just an empty slapstick, with the characters arranging their arguments by pushing each other into the bathtubs. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COMING. The director of Vim Will Louis (who?) Shows no instinct for framing the camera: the actress who plays the hostess is significantly taller than Hardy, and Louis constantly sets his shots so that his head is out of the frame. This could be fun if done on purpose, but it's simply inept. At one point in this bad comedy, an extremely insipid gag looms on the horizon as Runt approaches a black washerwoman. "Surely they wouldn't have dropped THAT low for a laugh," I thought. But they do it. Runt steals the woman's black baby and tries to trick the character like Plump's progeny. <br /> <br /> Somehow, Plump acquires a baby bed, but hasn't had a baby yet. With Uncle John climbing the stairs, Plump recruits Runt for childhood. This gag may have worked with a dwarf or even a real-sized actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is only slightly below average. The imitation of a child by Ruge is neither credible nor amusing, and Uncle John should be a complete moron to believe it. Incredibly, it does! <br /> <br /> The most notable aspect of "One Too Many" is a brief appearance - apparently his only film appearance - of Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marital problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this film impressed me. There is a very short flashback sequence, with Hardy remembering his love affair with a bathing beauty. In 1916, there was still no standard film grammar for flashback transport: the one shown here is done with grace and simplicity. Too bad this film has no other merits. 'One Too Many' is definitely a film too much about the CV of Oliver Hardy, and I will consider this film only one point in 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely more fun than both.
