it was and once was simpler (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple film about a psychotic drug-ridden psychedelic rebirth of Christ as a woman in acid with endless dream sequences inter cut flashbacks despite having an inter-racial multi-racial orgy regardless of financial responsibilities or moral repercussions. <br /> <br /> this film, boring, slow, boring, is the worst example of the type of pretentious school dreck heavy art that passed as art in the middle of the 70s. and i love it! once this train breaks with infinite slow motion zoom and heavy acoustic echo blades, you can't take your eyes off it until it's ridiculous and absurd. it is a kind of cross between the superstar of Jesus Christ, beyond the valley of the dolls, and a really nasty acid journey with your parents in a bed of water. it is at the same time a completely fascinating railway disaster, and also a great snapshot of the worst (or best) elements of the phychadelic b-grade film of the 70s. <br /> <br /> the plot. <br /> <br /> I will only tell you the plot because you will hardly be able to tell what is happening due to the constant cross-to-date flashback for events that may or may not have happened to characters that may or may not be themselves, and the painted hippy nicks face that stops endlessly in banal sequences of performative mime like street theater. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a really annoying iconoclast film maker that screams at people and is surrounded by a mostly silent film crew to always leave acid and have what look like really bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has an ancillary role like what the accountant looks like. the film crew seems to hate him for some reason and burst into laughter maybe to torment him. "Suzanne", the titanic character, is a lithe blond who climbs emptily into space and comforts the artist's totally "crazy" character. "The artist" is becoming completely crazy, however. or from his exaggerated behavior or from the incredible horror of his paintings. all obviously terrible Susanne nudes. there are some other characters that appear casually, a cigar that bites the character "man". it's too hot for me for Suzanne. he has a monologue. I really couldn't understand what it had to do with the story, except that everyone had to hate "the man" then and you couldn't make a movie without one. there is also a dumb girl. in the end the dumb girl trusts me, she is incredibly stupid.
