96 minutes of this is cruel .. and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot is one thing; yes, the lines are trivial; but whoever was at the helm of this was not a fan. There is so much "intrigue" (and I use this word with a big pause) that I wonder if this is an old episode of Starsky & Hutch. I lost count of the number of times I noticed that the trick had lost a point near the collar. Refusing to acknowledge that any time had passed since the mid-1960s (ridiculous) the producers simply replaced Marilyn & Eddie with younger actors. Why not let them grow and grow old? Adding an Addam Family-style meeting doesn't add flavor to the Halloween party. <br /> <br /> Nonno and Herman fly to Transylvania and return in a few hours (absurd). Sid Ceaser is the most, yes the most incredible character (I am including the bad robots) because he blares an unpleasant combination of nonsense and Yiddish but claims to be an ancient Arab ruler. And yes, it looks like the laughter track is missing. In fact, there are several places where there is dead air, as if the laughter track were to be inserted later. The actors seem to wait for the fake audience. It is not ridiculous; is sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that just goes to show you how out of the world writers and producers were. Marilyn says something like, "Where could Uncle Herman and Grandpa be? Could they have been in an accident, could have been hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says she responds with something like, "You're Uncle Herman will be here if he has to drag himself off the train platform." The amazing thing about this is: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 1960s and lost a leg and was nearly killed in a train stunt. He never recovered and this devastated his family financially. (see Biography's fantastic review of her life and career) This line could have been easily modified to be more sensitive to her. <br /> <br /> If you are a true Munster fan then you will have to RENT this mess. Show how some things are better left alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, this is almost the evil of the attempt to remake the show a few years ago.
