To be clear from the beginning, "The Bagman" is very, very, very bad. He suffers terribly in almost every aspect except one: the finished product is such a terrible film that it is actually hysterically fun to watch. This is a very low film. The budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who even looks at the opening title sequence. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the film was understood or not. For example, the film takes place in "Doomsville". Note to all potential home buyers: if the city you are moving to is called "Doomsville", keep moving. Stephanie Beaton is ready to take off the top for a rather enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. I couldn't help but laugh because he has an intentional humor (she turns on the gas stove ... understand? Sex is THAT hot? Understand?) And involuntary humor. The involuntary in this case is the music. It is as if the "Chariots of Fire" theme music was Electronica. Break the computer and synthesizers! I realize that inventing music for a small production like this is prohibitive. I really feel for them because the work here is so well intentioned. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I didn't laugh so much on screen sex from "Alone in the Dark" with that song from "Seven Seconds" (I guess they were implying that poor old Mr. Slater was a little ... quick in the draw?). Even the end credits are hilarious. Intentional or not? You are the judge: a dog and a cat are part of the accredited cast - and a wrangler animal was on the set for them! - The boom is attributed to "Mr B. Stick" and the wardrobe of the 3rd unit (yes, they had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the hilarity of this is more than saving the film. The film is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and her family are so well-intentioned in "The Bagman" that you can't help but appreciate the movie they produced. 'The Bagman' is bad but not terrible. In its sweet way, it even manages to be a little appealing. Wear your flaws so honestly that you can't help but forgive them. The "best" films that try to hide defects are almost worse in a sense. I imagine this is just a movie that knew who its audience was and was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies and many of them will probably be much better than that. Some of them may seem less expensive, or have a worse acting or a more silly production value. They may not suffer as terribly as The Bagman does from horrible editing, sound and foley effects. Mr. B. Stick did not do a great job. The special effects seem to be where most of the money is gone. They tend to be more fun than gruesome, even if the "Bagman" is finally exposed, the make-up work is surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a little high but the humor helped a lot. This is an ideal movie to track down a few nights with some friends and some beers in hand. Fun is assured by anyone who seriously considers B-movies or low-cost aficionados. Everyone else should probably avoid it with great prejudice.
