"The Bubble" is an effort to create a kind of gay and Juliet-type story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, even if it seems to come from "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are as superficial and banal as dialogue and plot are. The film seems divided between fluff and depth. On the one hand there is a subtle effort to be superficial (in an example of many) some minor characters also ask questions that invite the development of insights into the conflicts in question, and get answers like, "Hey, we're here to make a poster for a rave against the occupation, don't become political! "Beyond the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is only one of the many iron fist signals that the film is just as empty and inconsistent as its title suggests. On the other hand, the main claim of depth of the film follows the lovers of the presentation of "Bent", a theatrical work on gays in a Nazi labor camp. The scene on the stage is awkwardly clumsy, undermining its erotic power (understandable considering the limits of the film time, but nevertheless could have been modified with a much better effect.) And it is reduced to a minimum like the rest of the film. Sin. This game deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so uniquely comics some even have names that telegraph their entire (even if the word seems inappropriate here) substance. The aggressive soldier of the Golani brigade is called "Golan". The Palestinian militant is called "Jihad". Faghag's challenging roommate is "Lulu". Anyone familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether from real life or from documentaries, will find checkpoint scenes as absurdly unreal as ?? well, the rest of this soft fantasy. When a Palestinian woman does the fastest job on record, Israeli soldiers are considerate and helpful, an ambulance arrives in minutes. (The outcome of the birth serves to show the Palestinians the lack of appreciation for Israeli and even paranoid charity.) Overall the checkpoint is shown as a simple nuisance, not the series of obsessive obstructions, overwhelming the soul, humiliating without regard for medical assistance or need in case of birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to move from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, without documents, without problems. It shows up only when he likes it. When the Israelis want to overcome it, it is much more than a challenge involving a scheme worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the background of sympathetic and sympathetic Israelis and stupid homophobic Palestinians do we pass to a resolution that is completely devoid of motivation or purpose? except as a dramatic dramatic device for milking sympathy for forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> The Israeli-Palestinian gay love story was run on stage with much more skill and depth than in Saleem's Salaam / Shalom, so this film isn't even as revolutionary as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> Gloriously bad movies ?? like Ed Wood's works - at least they have some amazing idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This doesn't even have what it's doing. Most of the soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunkel in quaaludes, and even with the strange oedipal touches of gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that pervades this film takes place like a mediocre TV movie of the week.
