no effort has been made here to prevent Valentine from being just another slasher movie for teenagers, a sub-genre of horror movies that we've seen too much of in the last ten years. I have heard many people complain that the film rips several previous horror films, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate being redundant, the rip-off is so obvious that it's impossible not to say something. The punch cup on Jeremy's poor head at the beginning of the film is so clearly taken by Carrie that they might have said it right in the movie ("Hey everyone, this is the director, and the following is my Carrie-rip-off scene. Have fun! '). But this is just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) The film is structured piece by piece in the same way that every other goofy teen thriller is structured. , she is killed, people marvel at the old tone oh-but-that-just-happens-for-others-people, and then they start to get killed The problem here is that the director and the writers clearly want and honestly keep the film mysterious and full of suspense, but have no idea how to do it. Take Jason, for example Here is this disrespectfully arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he shares the check in an appointment based on to what everyone has had, and as one of the first person ggi seen in the film after the brief history lesson on how poor poor Jeremy was treated, it is assumed to have some meaning. In addition to this, and above all, it has the same initials as the kid that all the girls terrorize in the first media, and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all those bad Valentine's cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the public to be deliberately and sometimes the victim of an error in the behavior of one or more characters who appear to be the first suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not of this type a good example of a successful effort. Of course, I thought for a while that he could very well be the murderer, but that's not the point. We know right away that it's terrible with women, that it connects him to the boy at the beginning of the film, but then in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiles in a coquettish way at two of the main girls, and then gives them one hateful look and goes away, disappearing from the party and the film without explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so little thought that they brought him out completely when they were done with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer is true the identity was, in fact, made difficult to foresee in at least a subtle way that was also, unfortunately, another rip-off. At the beginning of the film, when Shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, it makes no noise, suggesting that the killer might be a female who is silent to avoid revealing herself as a female rather than a male as everyone suspects. But then for the rest of the film, we only have a stolid, relentless and unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that giant butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have some problems with the girls himself in sixth class) claims to have been influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, completely superfluous, because it is so obvious from how badly the film is plagiarized. The only difference between the Valentine's Day killer and that of Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and he had no problems with nose bleeds. This stuff is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us once again about who the killer is (complete with removing the slow mask and pulling out "e-il-killer"), but then we see that Adam's nose starts to bleed as he keeps Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know he's always been the killer. Nothing in the film has hinted that it could be the killer until the final act, and these inexplicable epileptics weren't exactly the smartest way to identify the real killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I watched it in an empty house alone after midnight, and I was afraid of the dark for as long as I can remember, and I was not afraid either), and the characters might be able to take care if they didn't it was so obvious that they were going to die. I remember being hit by theatrical previews (even though the film was in and out of Battlefield Earth's fastest theater), but the end result is the same old thing.
