Ouch, what a painful BORING science fiction movie! And this is particularly sad because the first 15 minutes were so full of action and full of potential! During the introduction, we follow a group of nervous security agents and hired assassins chasing a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of top-secret files. While he is about to reveal the seemingly horrible and inhuman events taking place in the laboratory, he is executed. Figure ?? From that moment on, the "action" moves back and forth between two places, the aforementioned laboratory and the rural residence of a corrupt senator (or something like that), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiments are actually the exact opposite of the disturbance. More like boring, useless and vague. Scientists have selected four random people without living relatives and it is really very important that they tell the truth even if a giant machine reads the contents of their minds anyway. They all hide dark secrets from their past and people suffer when they are revealed; however, I cannot see how these tests could ever result in a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting to follow, since in reality none of them has personality. So, essentially, "The Brain Machine" deals only with a group of limping people who live in a terribly decorated room. The film could have been even shorter than half an hour if it hadn't been for a thousand shots of stagnant buildings! The transfers from the laboratory to the villa and vice versa are indicated EVERY SINGLE TIME with a click of five seconds of the places. Either the producers really needed padding or thought that all science fiction spectators were unable to notice a change of position on their own. Fixing an abandoned pool with a villa in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying, I assure you. James Best's performance as the reverend with mental problems is pretty decent, but a man can't possibly save this from the absolute waste of time. To avoid!
