Wow. Watching this movie today, you can't help but be upset by the writing of this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple that, in modern times, could be the protagonist of "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have a sick and violent relationship ... and inexplicably, the writers seem to support it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a hungry and homeless who shows the strings of the poor but very enterprising Spencer Tracy. He shows you how by connivance you can do very well with little money and take it home to his cabin to stay. It is never clear if they are married or not - and considering that it is a Pre-Code film, it can be assumed that they are not even if they coexist. Their relationship is very strange ... and rather sick. While you can see that Tracy takes care of her with her actions, she is verbally abusive and a real jerk --- and Young runs back like a dog. He calls it "skinny" or "ugly" and these are, in a sick way, his way of using tenderness! Later, when she starts joking with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what she wants, everything's fine with her !!! Surely he knows of a sadomasochistic relationship and you can't help feeling a little horrified. Of course, he doesn't hit her, but the relationship is very violent. To show how sick he is, when Young gets pregnant, she tells him "... it's your baby and it's mine, but don't worry, I'll take all the blame for it" !! Yikes! Doesn't it all seem a bit like looking through a peephole in a sick and dysfunctional home ?! Later, in a case of life-imitating art, Tracy demonstrates what kind of man she is and disappears. After all, he can't be burdened by a child - even if it's his. But, he changes his mind and decides to go home. Wow ... this is a bit of him! And when he returns, he is bad and behaves as if he remains, he is not obliged to take care of the child !! And she tells him that he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears in this tender moment ... NOT! Soon, this crazy couple is married ... and, of course, Young is depressed because he seems to have all the time he needs, not for love or a sense of responsibility. So how can you save something with these kind of sick characters? What would you do? Well, as for writers, they soon have Tracy commit a robbery to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspects of the film are overwhelming to say the least! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like a jerk - she does almost nothing to take precautions so as not to get caught - like she's secretly hoping to be sent to prison. And, to show what kind of good guy he is, the kid trying to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there is more in the film, the conclusion is that Tracy is an idiot and Young is an idiot in the film. Although both are very good actors, there is absolutely no way to do something about this shit produced by writers. Beautiful music, good sets, good acting ... and a script that is 100% poop. How the movie is currently rated 7.4 is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the sheer terrible nature of the characters. A horrible rift that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta EVERE ever has a backbone in this movie or you play a person who is the least strong, the answer is NO! In the end, he learned nothing and did not change for the better. <br /> <br /> They certainly don't make films like they used to ... and in this case ... thank God!
