may contain spoilers !!!! so I saw this movie last night on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) which is NOT known for showing quality movies. THIS FILM IS EXTRAORDINARY! I'm still amazed that I saw the whole thing, as it was terrible. could this film contain other stereotypes? (a pressing Jewish mother who wants her son to be a doctor, a Catholic family with priest children, great crucifixes in every room shown in the house of the Catholic family, Mexican whores, "bad" who is really weak in heart, accents of an incredibly country bad) GAG !!!! At first I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this film and after seeing the cheryl pollack and corin nemec, I decided to stay awake until 4 am to watch it. however, the only saving thing about this film is the beauty of madchen amick. I suppose the acting of pollack and nemec is ok, but they have a horrible script to work with. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of Texan accents (the film should be in Austin and very few people have a twang) I think the accents were there (in supporting characters like Mary and Mary Margaret's husband) and they were unnecessary. they were also very bad. I'm so tired of the "southern" Hollywood accents that don't resemble the area where the accent should come from. and since it was supposed to take place in Austin and shoot films in 1991 it wouldn't have been expensive, I expected there to be some familiar shots of the city: the beautiful Capitol building, the UT tower lit up for a winning soccer game, etc. none of these things were there. Furthermore, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Austin from Mexico. at one point in the film, Michael and his team take off for Mexico to lose their virginity and are able to drive away when it's dark (during summer and early autumn it doesn't get dark austin until 9 o'clock so), spending time in Mexico getting drunk and having sex with Mexicans (is there any other kind?) whores, and then going back to Austin at dawn. while this is theoretically possible it is NOT very likely. and if anyone started school in the hill country (usually the third week of August, but it may have been in September 1960) they know that unless they want to faint from heat stroke they DO NOT wear their letter jackets !!!! ! in August and September in Austin and surrounding areas it is 90 degrees. only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or letters on the first day of school. all in all, a bad thing for the TV movie experience.
