There are so many word games to play on the spectacular Valentine's Day title that I don't know where to start. I will say it anyway; here is a film that makes me ardently desire the complexity of the Valentine's cards that we used to distribute in primary schools. You know, those with Batman who exclaim "You're a super-criminal valentine!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a slasher film without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror films of recent years that ignores Scream's influence. The villain is omniscient and almost invulnerable. The heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders shouting "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The score is more overbearing than Norman Bates' mother. <br /> <br /> The fragile plot follows many childhood friends, now grown up and extremely curvilinear. Since the movie doesn't give them anything else to do, they stop and wait for a masked stalker to kill them one by one. This stalker seems to be the former nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. As Valentine's Day approaches, women begin to receive appalling cards by predicting their destiny. Melton seems the obvious suspect. The only problem is that, as many characters point out, in thirteen years Melton could have changed appearance to look funny and beautiful. So (insert the terrified rattle here) everyone is suspicious! <br /> <br /> Here's the problem one. To have a sense of suspense while watching Valentine, you must accept a reality in which a high school nerd is able to become David Boreanaz. Nerds do not turn into Angel when they are big, they turn into old, irreverent nerds. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, written by no less than four writers, gives nothing to him and the rest of the cast, but to scream and understand. Particularly exploited is Denise Richards (the most committed actress in Hollywood to act in Baywatch); shamefully with the blatant excuse of having her in costume before a crucial suspense scene. Note to yourself: always wear a swimsuit for a Valentine's Day party. Just because it's February doesn't mean that you might not want to take a dip. <br /> <br /> Valentine's slasher dresses in black with the cherub mask. Here is problem number two. The filmmakers clearly thought that this would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who is hitting people in the face with hot irons. Simple and simple, it is not. Instead, he just asked me how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so stealthily without hitting his shins on chairs or tables. Then again, given the things that Cupid's killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film bad, it's not even sure who the killer is; the final "turn" is more "Huh?" of "Hah!" When you don't scratch your head you're yawning, then moaning, then looking for the nearest exit. Don't watch this movie. Even if you're alone on Valentine's Day, find something, NOTHING, anything else to do. You'll be glad you did.
