** SPOILERS ** A bit ridiculed for TV movies has Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, a sexy, middle-aged gold digger who is doing a number on every man she contacts in the movie. First conquering their hearts then their wallets and then, when they no longer use them, thrown into the wastepaper basket like a used kleenex fabric. <br /> <br /> Isabelle's first victim is not her offensive, keeping Isabelle from looting her bank account, husband Stewart, John O'Hurley. It is later in the film when Isabelle becomes very friendly with former plumber and now yacht salesman Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, that she, without really telling him, has the totally ill Richard get a contract on his life of unsuspecting husbands. Getting this ex-prisoner, in fact, as soon as he is released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to do the job on Stewart Richard soon finds out that he didn't get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000.00 in cash, per. <Br /> <br /> Becoming a little too greedy Daggett not only blew Stewart's brain, but he also took a solid gold watch, which Stewart offered him to make his life. The watch was easily traced to Daggett as he tried to engage him in a local jewelry store, where he was quickly arrested. With Doggett toppling his guts over who hired him to hit Stewart it doesn't take long for the long arm of the law to arrest Stewart's, taking on Doggett, the husband of the killer Isabelle as former plumber and yacht salesman Richard Davis! Police arrest of Davis happens just as he and Isabelle took the wedding vows in a local church! Isabelle manipulates everyone, only men who fall in love with her, to her advantage by making them do her dirty work Always playing the part of the naive housewife or widow or lover or even customer Isabelle seems to live an enchanted life always one step ahead of the law and police. Regardless of what she does, Isabelle covers her beautiful girl so well that it's almost impossible to shut her up about someone, to have them done by others, about the many crimes she commits, through a second party, in the film. <br /> After fucking figuratively and literally, her first husband Steven her second husband, for less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her, or Richard's, lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows that it is just a matter of time before the police test it. With the D.A to make both Richard and Kendrick turn the evidence against her, Isabelle, now knowing that everything is closing quickly on her, she makes her final move. Getting everything in order, transferring all his money abroad, Isabelle and her 10-year-old daughter Ruby, Lauren Collins, shoot down the passport office to get authorization, passports, to leave the country. <br /> <br /> It is then that Isabelle, clever and intelligent, makes her first and perhaps last fatal error in the film. Isabelle is informed by the passport attendant, Don Carrier, who will have to wait 48 hours for her and the Ruby passport to cancel! Just enough time for the police to find her and arrest her! Extravagant ending that goes against almost everything and every ethics that is in a film noir or crime film. An ending that will not only blow your mind, but your concept of what is right and wrong in the world!
