Right now I'm in Iraq, I'm doing a job that gives me plenty of time to watch movies. We also have access to many pirated movies, this gem came with 11 other films, and this is easily the worst I've seen in a long time. I've seen some other reviews claiming that this movie doesn't take itself too seriously, but actually, I think it's a cover for the fact that it's horrible. It's not a joke, the writers really thought they were getting better in the movie Blade. This film is just a notch above Vampire Assassin, which if you haven't seen it, I recommend it. At least that movie is so incredibly bad that it makes you laugh more than you thought possible. This is precisely in that cusp of no quality that redeems what ever. from bad acting, to visual clichés (ie opening titles), to premier special effects adobe. they could not even get empty spaces for the guns, which may have something to do with the movie in which it was shot, but if you intend to use effects, make them close to the precise ones. as for the cast, it looks like they just went to a tae bo course and caught the first nasty girl that came out. Once again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, don't let the stuntmen act, they can't. Also, the comment on this is a "return of old vampire movies" ... no, it's not. This is exactly what all the new vampire movies talk about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, they're all from a super star who fights vampires. This is the most recent kind of vampire, with bad blood, fake cries and pseudo-behavioral. obviously anyone who has written a good review on this is somehow connected to the film, or to the friends of the cast. But what does it matter to me, I paid 33 cents for this. Anyway, to conclude, someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a movie, I give them credit because it's better than what I could do. Of course I also know that I can't make films, so I don't try. I still know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours a day, 6 days a week, I saw several thousand of them during the year I was here and this was so bad that halfway through I was hoping for a mortar attack.
