Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her sons got out of hand to her annoying jokes, that she will never survive this trip ... even, she's never cashed. Karen is a teacher who brings her group of children from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the ugly local of a dilapidated manor in the largest dunghill in Ireland ... surely there are places in this country more fulfilled by the senses of this ?! The manor's keeper, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the path and not stray into the forest. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean Clan, a druid cannibal and inanimate ritual family celebrating Samhain (the end of Summer, October 31) "Feast of the Dead" where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits. Gary is apparently clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us, because he was born on Samhain. Funny, because for sure it does not see positive results or gives advice accurately. Almost everyone dies (even those who never leave the path) and does not even see his tragic destiny. What this monster we hear is a victim of too much consanguinity. His face resembles a malformed mushroom and looks like a horrible rejection from an image of Mad Max. It doesn't take long before the "bad breeder" is killing everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest that made the wrong decision by coming to Ireland without his girlfriend's previous knowledge. <br /> <br /> The horrible formula slasher does not deviate from the norm. His tiny budget shows itself at the top of his lungs and the characters are clichés of the assembly line churned out again to be slaughtered in the usual bloody ways. Most violence quickly crosses the screen without worrying too much about the deaths of farmers against its victims. A sack of guts is pulled out during quick editing cuts while one scene moves to another. Seeing Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not enough incentive to recommend it. Phil Price has the really annoying character, Steve, he often makes bad jokes ... as he is able to get Leigh's Barbara naked in the shower for some action, nobody knows, because I have no reason why I have a chance with such a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the fortunate role of Shae, the quiet, intelligent virgin girl (who is also quite hot) whom we know will be the one chosen by the script to survive. Jenna Jameson lets herself fall long enough to tear her heart from her chest (at least we see her breasts for a moment before her chest opens) with a few lines on two missing friends she's looking for. The main problem of the film is that the character's story and development stop because he realized that none of them is entirely interesting, so the director Christian Viel frees his monster to unleash the carnage causing the massacre, erasing an entire cast almost in a failed coup within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small opening cameo like a victim who has moved away from the field with his girlfriend.
