In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking photographs. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally baked in quick succession. The short plays had very little structure and were completely publicized. As a result, films, even though popular in their day, were simply horrible by today's standards. Many of them have a strong resemblance to home movies with disgusting relatives gripping the camera. Many others show that the characters wander in front of the camera and do practically nothing. And, regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to the cinemas. My guess is that all the movies right now must have been pretty ugly, since the Keystone films with Chaplin have been very successful. <br /> <br /> The Charlie Chaplin we know and love today began to evolve only later in Chaplin's career with Keystone. In 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with Essenay studios and the films improved dramatically with Chaplin as a director. However, sometimes these films were still very difficult and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin like the cute Little Tramp was still evolving. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films once again improved and became the most recognizable boy - in many of the previous films he was just a jerk (or getting very drunk, beating women, provoking fights with innocent people, etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tramp to classic status took place in the 1920s as a result of his feature films. <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note that this film is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE since the film only lasts 10 minutes! Oh good. The plot, what little there is, involves the little tramp in the park. A couple wants neck but inexplicably, Charlie insists on sitting on the couple's lap and really annoys them. I can't understand why and the short is that Charlie wanders the park annoying these people and some others later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a trio, I don't know. But the film lacks coherence and is not particularly funny - even when people start slapping each other and push each other into the lake. A typical little effort before Chaplin began to give his character plot and personality.
