first this deserves about 5 stars due to acting (some that would give me a better subjective judgment and NOT a goal like this should do, GOOD MERIT, star) but then I know that those facts are used for the actor (S) NAMES to increase the evaluation of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with these productions; yet another attempt (just like "untraceable") of a systematic propaganda feature that promotes government intrusion on your rights (how interesting is the time when IPS providers try to "prefer" = CENSOR information, and the Americans and Canadians are fighting AGAIN at this very moment). this time it's not about labeling torrent file transfers as evil (which was meant to remind you of this feeling every time you transfer data over the net), but literally trying to create a frustrated population as a whole. IT SEEMS AS THE PROMOTION OF FEAR IS THE STANDARD OF HOLLYWOOD THIS DAY, especially when it comes to the thriller that is the most "on demand" film genre in the last 2 decades or the most viewed, the best way to try to influence society in the together. these levels of violence are depicted in these 2 characteristics of morally and "ethical" people, which give a new meaning very necessary to the "anti-heroes" figures. don't make mistakes, this is NOT "DEXTER" which was supposed to be high quality entertainment. FOR SALE IN ADVANCE "FEAR", please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollar has made it. <br /> <br /> the opening scene and in general the first 10 minutes really give a frightening image of an Erroll Babbage who is REALLY suffering from sexual frustration. the way in which he faces the black male is very disturbing if not even racist (certainly at least a "cliché") (in real life someone could probably beat him, you'll see what I mean). the second scene (with the present character of Claire Danes) is even more extreme. at that point I realized, in my opinion, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual for the people around him. Like many people who have seen or will see this film, they have never been "restrained" (about SEXT) by themselves. , COMMON gratification!?. Generally the film gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which unfortunately was, is and probably will happen again sometimes, somewhere) BUT fingers indirectly to all others as well as "you could become that", etc. with Sigmund Freud and Jung we will know very well that sexuality is not something to judge and even less "donkeys", from such a fanatical "hero" here. SAFE sex in its many forms is healthy and not an evil that is apparently obsessed with the character of Richard Gere, on his way to a sexual "crusade". have we learned nothing from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys!? or how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13" but can't even see a woman at breast up to "R-18"!?!? (however the industry targets them with these REALLY SAME sexual perversions as "series of" American pie ", for example.) Increase the levels of children, but frustrate them and send them underground in the development of fetishes for UNHealth EXTREMES!? all sexual activities (on MUTUAL acceptance) integrate individuals better than a madman "rightous", who blames his misfortunes and failings on the "life of others" (a new German film that would have worked perfectly in comparing this distinct and separate world features on the same subject), like in that movie, you will probably appreciate the actors to portray well the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere especially after the recent "hunting party" ", a film in which it really shines and a more realistic" hero "(even after real events). But then it reminds me that all those people are only paid actors to play the political role and agenda partners ale. "the flock" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same hidden beast))) reminds you only, if you know someone with similar views on the subject as EVERYTHING, as Erroll Babbage has those here, to stay away from them for THEIR security. they would kill my family faster than any chance 0.00001 of Paul Jerrod in anyone's life ... <br /> <br /> I finally recommend it to anyone who thinks negative about my "evaluation" of this particular movie (and "not really "traceable", so you can probably have similar thoughts as I did. nothing sweeter than a propaganda film that shoots itself in the "foot".)))) for once I agree with the evaluation, this is not a characteristic for adolescents or children; simply because at best it would confuse them even more with the "common" belief of "money + fame + fashion" and what concerns sexuality. "scream" series and films as such have a definite entertainment value (though a fool in my opinion). but this is just another "trust me, I know what's good for you" deeply (not so well done I could add) subliminal messages.
