It is so ... you have inserted the DVD and the most professional thing you see in the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point, you know you've just been teased. <br /> <br /> People are generally confident enough to assume that if something has been put on DVD, it will be of a certain level - less financially than creatively. But unfortunately this is not the case. The distribution companies are perfectly happy to gather DVDs of amateur films and send them directly to the shops to wait for the unsuspecting buyer attracted by the well-designed DVD cover. The weight of this particular project is probably the pioneer of independent horror Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name can be known among fans of the genre since he is responsible for several other low-budget werewolf films: "Rage of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales" and so. <br /> <br /> "Blood of the Werewolf" is composed of three short stories of independent werewolves without a real connection besides the fact that they deal with hereditary shapeshifters. The first segment, "Blood Reunion", almost sets the tone for the whole thing ... a man returns to his city to look for a girl who has a crush on him to discover that his overbearing grandmother refuses to let her have relations with men and for reasons that are somehow linked to an obscure family secret. This episode is misdirected, misdirected, and basically nothing better than what you could put together with some friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is directed by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shapeshifter and the other wants to receive this power. His wish is fulfilled, but she does not become the creature she imagined. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other directors who have worked on this project, but not yet enough to raise it above the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have "Manbeast" ", in which an army boy runs through the woods while being chased by two other boys. They want to kill him because he was bitten by the beast and it is believed to be dangerous, but everything may not be as it seems.This has an interesting concept, but it is stretched too long, and if you do not guess what the "twist" is in the first ten minutes, you are probably not too bright.This practically summarizes the problem with this whole DVD ... some good ideas are not enough to justify the expense of something like that, after all, would you pay for a picture you could have painted yourself?
