"Spielberg loves the smell of feeling in the morning, but the feeling at the expense of narrative honesty? Nobody should love him." - Lucius Shepard <br /> <br /> "The Color Purple" takes place in the deep south of the early 1900s and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African American sisters. The film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic retreat that is immediately destroyed by the appearance of their stepfather. This reason ?? innocence interrupted by men ?? permeates the entire film. <br /> <br /> The film then launches into a series of short sequences. It is revealed that Celie was doubly impregnated by her stepfather, gives birth in a dirty barn, took away her newborn and forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent rapist who repeatedly rapes her, forcing her to cook, All of these horrible scenes have little time for the screen, and are instead surrounded by moments of cinematography with goblin dust, an involving symphonic music, an incongruous comedy and an excessively exuberant photographic work. The cumulative effect is like the fusion of a Disney cartoon and a rape, a false aesthetic that caused Stanley Kubrick to observe that "The Color Purple" made him so sickened that he had to turn it off after ten minutes. Ten minutes? It lasted a long time. <br /> <br /> It is often said that the film is about "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but this is not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on which the film is based, claims to be bisexual, but in reality she is a closed lesbian. His book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female liberation and self-discovery, which depicts men as violent brutes who hinder women. For Walker, the only way out of this labyrinth is for women to unite in a kind of lesbian utopia, black celebrity and female independence. <br /> <br /> Spielberg's film, however, rearranges Walker's story through the lens of comforting American mythologies. This is a film in which the saving power of Christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of men. A film in which Albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations, out of place comedy moments inserted to make him look like a clumsy madman. A film in which all the characters derive from racist minstrel shows, the cast composed of lascivious men (always smiling with devilish smiles and toothy smiles), stereotyped fat mammoths, jazz groups and gospel choirs. <br /> <br /> This is a film in which blacks are naturally children, readily and happily accepting their social conditions. A film in which blacks are over-sexual, sensual carnal dominated by violent passions. A film in which poverty and class issues are completely invisible (Albert lives in a large house) and black men are completely inept. This is not the Old South, this is the Old South as derived from "Gone with the Wind", MGM Muscals, "Song of the South", Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and banned Disney movies. In other words, it is the South seen by a child who grew up on TV in the 1950s. It's all so comics, so racist in the way it reduces these human beings to ethnic stereotypes of a dimension, that black novelist Ishmael Reed compared her to a Nazi conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Of course, in the typical Spielberg fashion the film ends with the healing of family ties. This reconciliation was in Walker's novel, but Spielberg goes further by reconciling all the characters in the story with their relatives. Beyond Walker's letter of hatred to blacks and the bizarre caricature of Spielberg's black life shows us nothing of the black community. We have only the most vague ideas about how one of these characters makes a living and has no idea how they interact with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's camera jumps around, struggling desperately for our attention (one of Celie's kitchen gadgets seems to belong to a "Home Alone" movie), every emotion ended, the director never stops looking at something or allow a bit of life simply to pass. Pair this with Quincy Jones's ridiculously "white" music, and you have one of the strangest films in film history: an angry feminist trait shot by a white Jew in the style of Disney and Griffith, marked by a black man trying to emulate John Williams. <br /> <br /> Even the lack of white characters is problematic. Consider this: the men in this film are not portrayed as rude to each other, nor do they dominate women because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their manhood. No, they are cruel by nature. And women, who calmly suffer like Celie or rebellious and tenacious as his sister, persevere and survive only because men are too stupid to destroy them. A better film would not have focused exclusively on the oppression of women as it happens among the oppressed, rather, it would have shown that it is the social abuse that led to the spousal abuse, that the enslaved black women are forced to perform the same tasks as their male counterparts (while continuing to fulfill traditional female roles) and that African American domestic violence occurs largely due to economic factors, women are unable to support themselves and their children alone. <br /> <br /> And so there is a hidden ideology at work here. Towards the end of the film a character tells another that, since he did not respect his wife, he was seriously injured and imprisoned by the whites. The implication is that blacks must return to their African roots to restore their dignity and that it is their fault that whites unjustly crush them. That is to say - Respect each other in your poor minority community and you will not come across the dominant white culture. <br /> <br /> 3/10 - The inability to deal with sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, countless sequences loaded with extraneous visual pizazz, incongruous comic affairs, cues of emphatic music and unbridled emotionality all contribute to rendering "The Color Purple "worthless.
