First of all, I would like to say that I love the "Ladies' Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh aloud at the portrait of Leon Phelps by Tim Meadows. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature-length film. Watching Leon do his show and making obscene comments to his listeners and inventing all sorts of segments for his show, like "The Ladies Man Presents ..." reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is absolutely fun. There is a great episode in which Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monica Lewinski and Leon plays Bill and call him "The Oral Office". See, it's fun !!! <br /> <br /> In the film, we don't see Leon on the show too often. In fact, he is expelled from almost all radio stations in the country. And the plot revolves around his search for true love, involving a mysterious letter that was left to his houseboat, signed by "Dolce cosa". Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary in "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", works with him on the show and has a secret crush on Leon. The film overlaps on one boring subplot after another. And the gags are boring too. The first time we see Leon mentioning the word "wang" is quite funny. When he repeatedly uses it, presumably trying to get a laugh, the joke is exhausted. Most of the jokes he uses in the film are jokes that we have heard before, and done better, in the SNL sketch and play boringly for an hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a musical number by Will Ferrell and his band of women ladies haters that everyone wants to destroy because their wives have had an affair with him, to bring a little life into this carefree comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments and tries to make the most of an otherwise unpleasant role. Ferrell only has that unique comic talent, and he's fun in just about everything he does. Julianne Moore also gets a cameo. Looking at her, you can't help but ask me "What the hell is an Oscar-winning actress in this movie ?? !!!!" His name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably for his consent. And, of course, a film on this subject must include the same Master of Love, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is as charismatic as ever, but he also fails to give this film enough life. I must also add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B sounds, which damage the film even more, giving it a horribly lowbeat tone - as if the script was not boring enough. I mean, this is "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been appropriate for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only sporadic laughter. There are exceptions where SNL can produce a great movie with a short sketch. Watch both "Wayne's World" movies and see how it is done. But this film, just like adapting the character of Mary Catherine Gallagher to "Superstar", shows the downside. Some sketches are meant to be remembered on SNL, and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
