Do you remember a movie that you felt like enjoying in the past that does not exactly reflect the same feelings as an adult? It occurred to me when I got back to school ... at the National Lampoon class meeting. The film has a perfect opportunity for laughter, but it surprises wandering aimlessly as we see a bizarre collection of characters like a woman who has sold her soul to the devil and can shoot flames of fire from her mouth, a man who appears to be a vampire and a crazy assassin dressed as a woman and wearing sacks on her head. You have the class president who thinks he's the best thing after sliced ​​bread (but as we see in the movie, he's a coward and a joke), a couple of smokers who don't even know they are in their class reunion, and a man named Gary for whom we know someone knew existed (and no one seems to remember his name ... this is a joke I liked). There is a plump pervert who likes to take women in inappropriate places, a deaf and blind woman who has a scream that screams when she calls her dog and the cook (you know her from "goonies" and "Mom from the train") who loves to put food on people's plates with his hands! The film essentially speaks of a madman who is (or at least tries to) take revenge on his classmates for a gag that they have thrown at him (they made him sleep with his twin!). The film follows the characters as they search for the killer who weaves the darkened and destroyed corridors of the old high school. He was told about the killer by his psychologist that it seems a bit strange. The film has some good gags that work (very soon), but the film slowly gets worse every minute. The real problem with the film is that it really doesn't know where to go. The film is practically a premise for a joke, because it has an uninsured direction ... if it really has a direction. The cast is pretty enthusiastic, but the material they have to make fun doesn't have the quality to arouse interest. It is a curiosity for the fans of the relics of the first half of the 80s that are forgotten (this is rightly so).
