I went to see this film with the most positive expectations. I had seen the previous film by Jacquet (march of the penguins) and I had heard a very positive review of this on the radio. However, I was seriously disappointed. Above all, this film is terribly boring. Nothing literally happens. I tried to describe the content of the film to a friend, and we both ended up laughing because I could only stutter things like "well then winter comes, and then spring, and then there's an eagle and a river, and a time it's dark, and the girl goes to a cave, and once again the fox has children "and so on. After about half an hour I started sighing, yawning, rolling my eyes, cursing the reviewer on the radio and hoping it would be over soon. But the film went on and on. When it finally ended, I had buried so deeply in my chair that I had to look a little like Stephen Hawking. The most annoying parts of the film are (a) The girl, who is obviously there to give the children someone to identify with. Wear the same clothes throughout the film (one year) and show exactly two facial expressions: Joy and Seriousness. She is pretty, no doubt. However, a film about the beauty of nature like this would have done better without its all too human presence. I found myself constantly hoping that it could be eaten by a bear, drowned in the river or something equally terrible. (b) The comment of the girl's adult voice, which tells us nothing but negligible, obvious, boring, redundant things. (c) Music, which desperately lacks subtlety. When the girl jumps happily, the music also jumps around. When the fox is threatened by an eagle, the music also becomes threatening. It reminded me of the beginnings of film production, and it was simply too predictable to enjoy. Of course, many of the children who saw the film with me obviously appreciated it, at least in some way they were involved. So, my warning only concerns adults: if you are over ten, avoid this movie. You can get better (and cheaper) sleep in most other places.
