I used to review the videos for Joe Bob Briggs' legendary "We Are The Weird" newsletter. I saw a lot of stinkers, but this was by far the worst, and the years were not kind - it remains the most indecent crime against cinema I've ever witnessed. Don't get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY FROM HARLEM or something like that. What reinforces his claim as the worst film of all time for me is his unique blend of naked skills with a paralyzing claim. Is this a comment from Vietnam? An ecological protest? An incitement to revolt? A study of man's inhumanity towards man? A new exercise in filming nature's footage for (almost) a feature film? In short: a young urban professional (perhaps the most fearless character ever seen) somehow seduces a single Asian-American partner on the campsite with him in the woods. After having beaten her with an almost philosophical applause for most of an hour, they come across two wandering veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a virtuous brother) and Il Trovatore (rejecting Manson's family with the guitar). Hey, a twist! Voltage! Action! Suspense! Well, no, just a resounding and finite-muffled scene from a cop. The victim in question stares listlessly at the kidnappers and murmurs: "No ... no ... please ... not ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis confronts the Troubadour as "Trouby" once every two minutes, remembering nothing much as the alien star of POD PEOPLE by Juan Picquer. This is all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a synopsis makes it perhaps almost tolerable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has remained, for the last eight years since my first vision, the absolute worst. (I have him appear in the old VCR once every two years just to reassure me and assure me for sure.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so hateful is this: very little happens, and even if what happens a little bit ago happens quite badly very slowly, what really makes the ingestible ingestibile is the suffocating feeling that the filmmakers REALLY WANT TO LIVE really a sort of message in the throat. But since CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was intended as a civic education class becomes an accelerated course of intense visual discomfort. This film lasts 75 minutes and looks like three and a half hours. It's terrible, really really terrible. People, believe me, I've seen the ghosts that keep walking and that's worse. Go see it! You will thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite phrase: (In CAGED TERROR but maybe NEVER) "Yes, well, you probably think that Solomon's Song was an allegory for Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: must be delivered in a concerted tone of agreement).
