I see many positive reviews on this forum, trying to revive this film from its lackluster status and start a cult following. I see the usual ranting - "I guess this film is not for the simple offense", "This film is not Shakespeare", etc. Guess what? Nor was it "Road Trip"! And I laughed my ** off during that movie! There is a way to make a rough and insipid comedy and offer laughter; and there is a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "Swinger" without intelligence or intelligence. It appears to have been written through the childish eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this film should be white-collar, honest citizens - and they talk like some of the idiots I knew in high school! The dialogue is sewn - more drowned - with four-letter words. You would think that people of their status would have SOME degree of intelligence and a broader vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stillman movie and you will see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and decidedly cartoonistic. If you know any successful white collar businessman who talks like the characters in this movie, please let me know and introduce me to them. Their annoying sexual jokes are equivalent to those of the standard locker room chat among teenagers just arriving at puberty. There is absolutely no understanding of relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just an excuse to show a series of extremely - and not take the word "extremely" for granted, because I say it with all my heart - raw gags. These are gags without substance. Gags that mean more to moans than to laughter. The scene between Amanda Peet and her friends was totally disregarded and totally unconvincing. There are some films that involve the interaction between women who have been written by men (straight) and play wonderfully. This scene involves a barrage of metaphors and sexual gestures. It involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those scenes visibly written by a boy. I didn't believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is purely a sick male fantasy, as flat as it is annoying. I got (very) few laughs from this absolutely forgettable comedy, and those were probably the result of despair. When you're not laughing for a long time, you desperately look for humor in the most trivial things. So I wouldn't mark it as positive.
