Being a music student myself, I thought a movie set in a winter garden could be fun to watch. I didn't know ... (I had no idea that this film was based on a book by Britney Spears). This film was not plausible. It is obvious that anyone who has written the script has never set foot in a greenhouse and knows nothing about classical music. Let me give you some examples: 1) THERE IS NO WAY that someone can be admitted to a classical conservatory without any classical training! It's not enough to just have a nice pop voice, it's a completely different thing - another genre, a different technique. It's like playing the violin when you apply for a viola course. 2) Why was the lady who taught music theory was in the singing jury? Had she not been a singing teacher herself, she would have had no say in such a situation, and if she had been a singing teacher, why hadn't we said so? 3) Being able to read music is a necessity if you are important in music. 4) How did Angela grab that videotape? This would have been kept secret, only for the eyes of the jury. Now either he got the tape from one of the professors or the writers didn't have the slightest idea. I wonder which ... 5) The singing professor gave the song of Holly the Carmen saying that "he had the range", which she clearly did NOT. Yes, he was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be much lighter in the timbre, not at all compatible with that song. 6) The worst of all: not only does the film show shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it doesn't even try to hide it. The air that Angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact that is painfully brazen in the recital, where it is shamefully interrupted - Mozart would roll into his grave. Carmen's Habanera sounded a bit weird sometimes, and the way it was reorganized eventually shows just how little the producers really think about classical music - it's stiff and boring but, hey, add some drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are all minor details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with only a few searches. However, I could have chosen to suspend my disbelief if the characters and the plot had been well processed. But without this, I can't really find any salvific qualities in this movie except one: it's good for a laugh.
