I was excited when I learned that they were finally turning this horrible event into a movie. The whole era (Southern California in 1980) and the subject (drug and porn industry) are intriguing to me. I thought this would be a sure shot at fire. I wasn't thrilled with the choice of Kilmer as Holmes, they didn't look like each other in physical appearance or mannerisms. I guess he sells tickets? However, I was willing to ignore this and give it a good dose. I was a bit shocked that there were only four other people in the theater with me on that first day of performances. Now all the crime and the story of the movie are hard to do, I'll admit it. There were no witnesses to this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police. In fact, Holmes has never really witnessed what happened and the crime remained unsolved. So this was still a great mystery, a mystery that this film does nothing to illuminate. The person who wrote the script had a lot of discretion and most of the main characters died. However, there is no real plot, it is fragmented claptrap. The script is light and the actors strive to reinforce the fine lines by emphasizing. The film does not give an idea of ​​Holmes or the other people involved. Kilmer's character disappears for long periods, his girlfriend is boring, the police joke. Even Kudrow strives to make a substantial showy role. It is a very superficial piece and I would dare to say boring. The director also tries to turn it into a love story. Which is nice, unless you know what a piece of junk John Holmes really is. Perhaps a couple of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" views might have helped here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all respects. This film on the other hand was flat and without any charm or style. Even the music is out of place, with Duran Duran in a scene that should have taken place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There may have been a great movie based on this creepy event, but I haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen a decent one yet (unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights).
