Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film Ju-On The Grudge. Even if I haven't seen that movie, I should bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some repulsive originality, in other words skill with well-known tropes of the Japanese ghost film) than in its direct remake. Perhaps the script was written to somehow have some kind of distorted appeal, or I would say accessibility, for an American audience. What begins with a potential - the hint of something very fucking underway with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - enters a total jumble. And as a horror movie? Give me a break. <br /> <br /> The tension may have been built on the situation - a nurse who will take care of a disturbed woman in a home that is haunted - but he steals everything he wants to make his audience heard. Scare? What do you think of some timed music, so you know exactly when to expect something. A black cat? Yes, why not make the ghost thing look like a cat for the creepiness that, in fact, is disturbing only if you want cats. To track? Why not only mix between past and present without any semblance of a real flow of how a story can be told (in the sense that, while the flashbacks are inserted and are intended to be organic with the overall story, they are not), or for that matters we care about SOMEONE in the cast. <br /> <br /> When the characters, or those who are there for the show, go around telling us what's going on or something else, it doesn't make much sense to take care of them. The film is poor (that is, the 180-degree rule is broken many times and not in a forgivable or intriguing way), and the performances are wooden even if scared or shocked (in particular Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, who shows up later after his first scene, he is severely miscible). Even when Shimizu feels some "Boo" media fear, like when the woman is in the office building and pursued by the ghost of Grudge, she is still foolish. Watch when it's going on that elevator and the ghost is in the background of the shots. Or you will leave, and if so more power to you, or you will laugh hysterically at the results. Count me in the latter. <br /> <br /> Am I not entirely sure where this project went wrong: Should Shimizu reorganize it for the studios, or not give enough space to his renovation of his vision? Or maybe Raimi had a say and made things more confusing and / or boring than those that would have been with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that doesn't make sense or at least give us some chewing horror meat. It is cineplex garbage of a sad order.
