Well, what are the odds! At the exact moment some amateur scientists discover cave paintings indicating that a certain type of dinosaur monster may have populated the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crashes into the lake and spontaneously opens the egg of a monster that did he stay there ?? for over a thousand years, I suppose! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a film that must be seen to be believed, but it is better to do it in the company of many friends and a bunch of ganja to make the healthiest a little easier to digest. Yes, this is a terrible film with the maximum imaginable ramshackle script and numerous irrelevant padding interludes that are absolutely embarrassing, but it is also irresistibly charming and so clumsily put together that you simply have to feel some affection for it. Half of the movie ?? at least ?? runs on the extravagant adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local yokels own and operate a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking their noses and fighting over fascinating things like writing the word "bait". It is especially during their prototype situations of Laurel & Hardy that new puddles of blood or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic but not really keen sheriff, is on the case, but only if he is not too busy chasing the big city thugs who travel through the area. In the middle of the film, suddenly there's a sudden scene of a thug who steals a liquor store and kills two people in the process. This textbook moment "WTF" seems to take the whole opposite side of the country, like in New York or something like that, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events going on at Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later the robber appears again in Hicksville and there is an "exhilarating" pursuit in the woods, which ends in Dino's hungry face. The absurd little details in "The Crater Lake Monster" are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only feature of the creature in which players discover the obligatory cumbersome encumbrance AFTER they have already spotted the real monster. The positive aspects of continuity should be legendary for me. It's like everyone forgets to pay attention to it. The night turns into twilight in day and back in twilight ?? all during the same day course! The monster is undeniably the best aspect of the film, especially since it is made with good old-fashioned and adorable stop-motion effects. The nice character is a plesiosaur; means an aquatic dinosaur that looks like a cross between Denver the Last Dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable film experience that I can only encourage you to track down! The miserable vote 1 in 10 is only in principle (and because fundamentally, this is a very bad film) it should be put into perspective, because I could also have given it 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
