Well, maybe I'm just having a bad experience with Hindi movies lately. I asked the guy from the Apharan video store (Prakash Jha) but being a new version, he wasn't available yet. So I had to settle for this. It turned out to be the dumbest Hindi film I've ever seen (and I've seen several). No wonder that BOllywood is the laughingstock of the whole world! If IMDb had negative votes, I'd give Garam Masala at -10. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing a television program about the first jazz they had for their Mumbai release. All the usual celebrities and their sideys showed up. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I didn't like Hulchul, Hungama, or his other films. Hulchul, probably nicknamed by Tamil or Telugu, presented itself as a very loud music, which again made little sense except in a Bollywood movie. This last piece of CXXP showed that this boy has NO BRAIN. Who made him a director, even a Bollywood director at the time ??? <br /> <br /> Anyway, at the movie now. What begins as a romantic escapade turns into a non-sensual hunt for women. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share an apartment (isn't it similar to No Entry where the 2 guys work for a gossip magazine and share an office? Jezuz Christ, they are now copying their stories!) Well, anyway, c 'is some chefs or chefs trying to help one of the dodos in his quest for multi-lateral love (multi-tasking aliases + multi-timing). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I turned off halfway. What a ridiculous trash. I can't believe they even published it. And how sad it is to bask in its own filth! What audience did they make it for - the poor illiterate Indian masses (700 million at the last count) or the wealthy NRIs who stay in Phoren? It doesn't matter in both ways. Neither group has any idea what a good movie is and probably deserves such terrible things. <br /> <br /> This is a brief review because there is nothing to write about, but the usual Bollywood class garbage bag should change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the movie itself.
