I never understood why some people do not like Bollywood films: they have charismatic actors, large numbers of dance and an increased emotion - what's wrong? What I didn't realize was that I had only seen the top of Bollywood. Then I saw "Garam Masala". From the first scene I could understand that this was not a film that I would have liked (the film opens with a montage of the two protagonists who drive around a city and it seems that they are occurring by chance on a series of photographic configurations populated by gyroscopic models ), but I kept hoping things would improve. Unfortunately, they didn't. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac & Sam, are completely unpleasant. They spend the entire film lying to the women - and brutally lying - to put them to bed, and the public should find it amusing and fascinated. The boys are unscrupulous and inept, and not in an amiable way. The Mac even goes so far as to have one of the drug-addicted women to prevent her from discovering her scams. The script is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, configurations that never lead to anything and illogical actions and declarations of the characters. In reality, the characters are never really developed. Males are jerks, greedy jerks, and women are simply interchangeable. If you go to this movie, you would think that the "hostesses" are easy enough to pass from one man to another. In reality, betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the film were a dance number that had brilliant set designs, and some slapsticky moments involving the French farce, the aspects that slammed the doors of history. But the Bollywood dance is best appreciated in the films choreographed by Farah Khan, and as for the slapstick you could also go directly to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, which seem to have influenced not a little writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also has the false credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of the plot was stolen from the 1960 game "Boeing Boeing". The original author of that work, Marc Camoletti, is not credited anywhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake, rather than brazenly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of the same story. (According to IMDb credit list.)
