Based on the average story by horror writer Stephen King about the so-called ancient and immortal sleepwalker-like "Sleepwalkers" creatures that suck virgins' lives so that this energy can sustain them. create subliminal mirages to deceive people, have escaped from humans for centuries and have told us that one by one was taken until there are only two left.The film begins when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy city, they are there. last of the sleepwalkers and they are looking for virgins to feed.The mother sends her son out to enroll in the local high school so that she can find a virgin, she does it (Madchen Amick) and proceeds to try to make her stay alone, so it is not clear why the mother cannot look for virgins alone: ​​it would make things easier, we imagine that adolescents They are much more likely to follow a beautiful older woman in a secluded area than a teenage girl who follows a teenage boy. However his plans are countered while the girl reacts, throwing a pencil in his ear. The policemen are called and the hunt is underway! The son is sick from his injuries and so the mother is prey to fury killing cops on the right and missing in his hunt for the girl who injured his son and spitting a painfully harmless furrow in the blood. Finally the girl kills the mother-end of the film. This movie is rubbish! The acting is variable, from the average Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are average and show some effects of the first computer which is slightly interesting as it shows how far they have progressed in so little time. The management is confused and the film falls to camp in places. The director seems unsure if we should fear sleepwalkers or sympathize with them and when in doubt allows the film to become hysterical. Stephen King makes a slightly funny cameo like an annoying gardener like Mark Hamill, like a perplexed cop. Alice Krige seems to face the film, her character is given in depth and gives an indication of what the film could have been with a better script and better direction.
