So on the cable Chills network they have "Vampire Month", I'm such an idiot, but I love vampires. So, after a few attempts that proved to be disappointed, I noticed that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and take a look, to my surprise, this film was really bad. Most of Stephen King's movies are fun and some are very scary. While Sleepwalkers were bad, it was a nice kind of evil. I enjoyed laughing at this movie and took it for what it was. I've never read Sleepwalkers, from what I understand, this is King's only real vampire story, so I can't really compare the book to the movie. I don't know if it was just my TV, but the Sleepwalkers looked like they were made for TV. The special effects were trivial and the story was a bit far-fetched, even if it's fantasy, it had a lot of problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the life force of virgin women. They are much more resistant than humans and have powers of both telekinesis and illusion. Their only weakness is cats, which are not only able to see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of inflicting serious or fatal wounds on them. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary took up residence in a small town in Indiana. Charles attends the local high school, and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya doesn't suspect the real reason why Charles wants her so much; take his life force for his mother, who is starving. In the beginning, it seems that Charles fell in love with Tanya. On their first date, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to dump the life force from Tanya as he kisses her. As it happened, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to drag Charles for speeding, leads to the cemetery and notices Charles's car. When Tanya runs to him for help, Charles tracks down Andy and kills him. When Charles turns around to resume his life-force elimination session with Tanya, the deputy's cat, Clovis, gets the chance and almost kills Charles by scratching him in the face and chest. Mortally wounded by Clovis, Charles staggers home again to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So to summarize this film in essence, you should expect the cheese to overflow. The scene in which Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is a cliché and almost votes that Charles wins only because Tanya is one of the most stupid female protagonists in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots her at a police car and somehow it all explodes, God bless the explosions and exaggerations of Hollywood. I'm taking the movie for what it is, it's so deliciously bad that it turns into a dark comedy for me that I could just have fun teasing. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he has his typical cameo in the film. So my suggestion if you watch this movie, take it for what it is and don't think about it, it's mindless entertainment with insignificant effects, a bad casting, a silly story and enough cats to make the Simpson's mad lady of cats say "Wow, it's a lot of cats". <br /> <br /> 4/10
