Allow me to start this review by saying this: I love vampire movies. They can suck (har har punishment intended), and I will still love them because vampires are simply fantastic in movies. Van Helsing, considered by many to be a bunch of smoking crap, I liked the fact that there were vampires. You might ask, "What does this movie have to do with it?" The answer is that I'm going to inform you how awful this movie is, that even a sucker (harharhar) for vampire movies like me can despise a movie like this so much. <br /> <br /> Movie stars Van Helsing, a university professor who is not at all convincing. He is a terrible actor, like everyone else in this film, and he wrote it to add salt to the wound. I honestly don't mean to offend him, and I'm sure everyone had fun making this film, but seeing it was really painful. I'm not sure why I looked at it all; maybe it was a morbid fascination, like looking at an imminent train accident: it's horrible, but you can't force yourself to look away. His main fault is that he is so boring and boring, and his plot is so damn ridiculous, even for a science fiction horror movie. <br /> <br /> But I digress. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with his mother. Of course, he does not know that she is at that moment; he just thinks it's one of his students (which is still illegal and all, but not so disgusting and creepy). If I were Van Helsing, I would have at least pulled Oedipus by myself when I discovered I had done something so lousy. He would have done something funny if he had made some comments about it, but no. The point is not even raised at all by any of the characters. It is as if the writer had not even thought of it. I would at least have another character laugh at him and say "Ha ha, you had sex with your mother", which would be slightly humorous (even if blatantly immature). I'm probably running out of the room, so some other words to dissuade you from seeing this movie: there's a vampire and ninja fight with an old man. It would be fun, but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously. It's not even worth watching the movie to see how ugly it is. Stay away, far away if you consider your time at all. <br /> <br /> I will say a good thing about the movie: the guy who plays Van Helsing is pretty polished with that knife of his. There is a long one-minute segment in which it swings around his knife and actually does some rather ingenious tricks. It would be boring in any other film, but here, unfortunately, it was the highlight.
