I have to agree with some of the other comments and even take a step forward. <br /> <br /> Nothing on this film worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar, our main character, decides to become a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but on the way fall in love with a wise ex-jailbird. At the same time her friend Hortense is trying to convince her boyfriend attorney to marry her. It also happens to sleep with Marlon who is desperately in love with her. Then there is Delmar's brother, Jethro, who gets involved in a former drug addict, Missy who reveals that she was sexually abused by her adoptive father. On the sidelines there is also the eccentric that has an assortment of equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the sofa at the beginning of the film. So far so good, but after introducing these characters and stories that deal with life, death, pain and love in the first half, the film simply loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer had only selected one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, maybe things would have been fine but everyone would have been given equal screen time with the result that no story or character is completely developed. For example, why does Delmar think he will be able to deliver his child for money, especially when future parents are a terrifying bigoted lawyer and his semi-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is an idiot and clearly doesn't love her? How come Missy manages to kick her during the night? Is Jethro regularly attracted to women with overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Has Delmar and Jethro's mother always been by the eccentric, or is it a more recent development? Why is Jethro so fond of Cadillac that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How can Delmar give birth to the baby of Moses when there is no suggestion that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are asked in the script, but unfortunately they are not answered. I can only assume that they had an answer in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include everything in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several subplots, in particular the story of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the film, would have considerably strengthened things and allowed more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses who are clearly more central to the plot and the underlying themes of anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add to that the more pedestrian style of directing seen outside of the average soap opera and the result is a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox doing his best to rise above of the material. It does not surprise me that this seems to have been the last film of the director as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or of the ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
