This film is not rock, as others have already said. I found it really boring and silly. The story is about this high school metal guy who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making a last album to be played on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which actually would make it November 1st, a much less powerful date to be sure). The child receives a copy of the disc and contains hidden secret back-play messages. It is also the key that opens the door so that the really bad metal singer can return to bringing havoc and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this film is not at all a horror movie, but rather an After School Special. We see the metal boy (the stranger) continually tormented by popular children. And he can't learn the most important lesson in high school films: when the handsome guys who make you the bully suddenly invite you to a party, DON'T GO THERE! It's a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Someone surprised when it ends up in the water ?? He was such an After School Special that I was waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show up and teach Jody Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> So let's get back to the horror part of the movie. So this little metal kid gets some powers and instead of using them to kill bullies (which would have made a lot more sense), he gets scared and tries to protect all the bully boys and girls from harm. What? A sensitive hero? What fun is there in a horror movie? Thank goodness, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. In reality he tries to PREVENT the music being played to the Halloween dance, the same music that could unleash a power to kill all the children who had been evil with him. If I were me, I would have put that music on and ready. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is about this metal guy who travels around the city trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not cooperate with him and REALLY do some damage. Why do you ask? He seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and doesn't want it to hurt ... more appropriate for a Molly Ringwald movie. Is it a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film goes on and on at this point, without fear, horror or anything to look at. If you went to high school in the late 80s like I did, this movie is fun to have a little flashback on fashions and big hair, but that's it for this movie. Jump and stay at home and listen to only a few KISS.
