Antonioni, making this film, had taken on the role of Papa Puffo in all the small American Smurfs, with long, American and radical hair. He had brought them under the guidance of his European communist wings, showing appreciation and support for their confused American habits. (These Smurfs are red and wear blue, not the other way around.) The radical Smurfs were happy to have the guidance of an old wise man with gray hair who regularly hides from the God of all Smurfs with long hair, Lenin the communist - another wise old man whose beard made the Smurfs take him even more seriously, because it symbolized something wise, even if they didn't know well why they considered having a beard this kind of profound effect on them. Castro, another wise man with a beard, has often taken advantage of this confusion and exuded magical powers with a beard on his naive overseas admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: that beard has a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it, does he want to immediately embrace Marx and his adorable peaceful teachings?) The film begins with a confused encounter of radically stupid students radicals, who engage in dialogues that truly redefine the word "confused". Confused as a blindly bent dog falling from a high-level building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the hero of the film (well, the hero of Antonioni) stands up and says something to his pathetic peers of the left and then leaves, hoping that this "mega-coolness" show will improve his image of James Dean and will greatly increase his chances to fuck with the best "chicks" in the next hippy mass orgy. Eventually he gets into trouble with the cops (ie pigs) in a demonstration, and he spends the film under the American capitalist blue skies, looking for freedom ?? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually empty, but has (or has had) nothing new to offer; they are just the same one-dimensional snapshot cops, businessmen discussing business (and what's wrong with that, isn't that how Antonioni's films are made?), and endless shots of TV commercials and posters advertisers who advertise the oh-morally decadent products for the aberrant, selfish and greedy right-wing rebel population who think of no one but themselves, their families, their jobs and their children. <br /> <br /> Papa Puffo Antonioni, just like his long Smurfs and Smurfette at the end of the 1960s, did not notice the most obvious and vital aspect of their silly movement: they could have had their laughable meetings and freely expressing their anti-establishment opinions within that same institution, while students in those countries whose leftist systems admired, did not (and still do not). By far the greatest irony for the hippies - and Antonioni, of course, failed to realize it (his judgment is overshadowed by the snorting of cocaine and an excessive intake of LSD) - is that the hippies were (are) the residues of garbage from capitalism. This is an incredible irony. Only in an effectively functioning capitalist system can you find that species called "hippie"; a spoiled, thankless and selfish group of middle and upper-middle-class losers. <br /> <br /> The film itself seems to go on forever. Antonioni takes his sweet moment to go ahead with it, including too long scenes of uselessness, with a high dullness factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and trivial. His statements are highly questionable, at best. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. And this is what we get from an old, saturated, dirty, rich filmmaker who lives in villas and dinners in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I don't remember seeing any of the major Westerns on the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when a western student is shot to wave Che Guevara's face in all our faces, we get ten important films about it. I suppose this means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than the western one ?? at least to the hypocrites of the left who infest the films. <br /> <br /> If you are a Marxist neo-hippy and you don't like this terrible review, please click on "NO" below.
