This film is definitely a product of his times and seen in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid film. Heck, also seen in its proper context, it's pretty ugly !! Mostly, this is due to a silly plot and very self-indulgent direction by the famous Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to blend a very artistic style film with an anti-establishment hippie film and only managed to produce a bomb of gigantic proportions. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session in which a lot of "with it" students sit around saying these platitudes as "power for the people" and complaining about "the man". Considering that most of these hippies have parents who send them to college, it seemed a bit silly for these privileged kids to complain so loudly and scream revolutionary jargon. A little later, violence between students and "establishment pigs" breaks out and a policeman is killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not have done it, but he is forced to run to avoid the accusation. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what only a total idiot would do: he steals an airplane and makes it fly in the Mojave desert! There, he meets a succubus girl and then they sit around philosophizing for hours. Then, they have sex in one of the most bizarre sex scenes in the history of cinema. As they turn to dust, suddenly other couples appear nowhere and there's a huge orgy scene. While you see a bit of leather (which guarantees an R rating), it is not as explicit as it could have been. In reality, it lasts so long and seems so choreographed to go crazy. And of course, when they are done, many, many other couples vanish into thin air. <br /> <br /> Strangely, later the couple paints the plane with some help and looks very similar to a Peter Max creation. Despite improving the look of the plane, the evil cops respond to his return to the plane by shooting at the nice revolutionary. When the girl discovers, she enters a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her apparently imagining the destruction of her parents, fascist pigs and all the evil they represent (like hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see the same huge house explode about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, see TVs, refrigerators and other things explode in slow motion. While it's stupid, it's pretty interesting to watch - a bit like when David Letterman blows things up or destroys things on his show. <br /> <br /> In addition to a junkie plot, the film suffers from a strong need for a single sympathetic character and extensive editing. At least 15 minutes could be easily removed to speed things up a little, especially since there isn't really much story or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly stupid film and I wasn't surprised to see it listed in Harry Medved's book "The Fifty Worst Films". It's a well-deserved addition to this shit pantheon. For a famous filmmaker to spend so much money to produce such a big movie is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two final remarks. If you like to laugh at silly hippie movies, try also watching THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK. Moreover, in a case of art that imitates life, the protagonist, Mark Frechette, played his character in real life. He died at 27 in prison a few years after participating in an act of "revolution" in which he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. Dang hippies !!
