The favorite sequel extends credibility largely as the diabolical sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time by infiltrating the film production of the novel he wrote for the drowning of the garden, assuming the identity of a director of the second unit he murdered. <br /> <br /> makes for fun in Hollywood, with a playful script that shoots tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses (.. looking for a way to climb the ladder) and don't like anyone to challenge them for a complete spotlight. Brian Krause, who I thought was terrible, exaggerating to the point where satire felt incredibly forced, portrays the noisy and temperamental director who does not like the fact that his director and screenwriter of the second unit, Alison (played by Dahlia Salem) seem to be taking over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the brother of a victim of the first film. The dark humor of the film this time takes the idea of ​​a serial killer who actually works as a director of a movie set and exploits it for all that it is worth. Nelson deftly returns again in his psycho role without any difficulty, with Stanley smarter than ever, using his brain to command a film production, to kill anyone who has to keep full control of his work, letting no one stand in his way. .. until Alison understands who Stanley really is. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of his subject ... what prompted Stanley to kill, why should he do such a thing and what brought such a man to this dark path? Alison's humor that is actually working with that man is also part of satire in the heart of this dark comedy. Obviously, we get the inevitable showdown between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous and unbelievable conclusion about the murderer's fate (... rather a hard pill to swallow). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with a sophisticated polish, the director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not necessary (.. like taking any kind of strange angle, in slow motion in a sepia color, and several instances that are captured on video) and rather annoy instead of impressing. This sequel, for me, was not the target as much as the original, with a lot of less effective and obvious humor.
