Do you need a lesson in pure, abject failure? Look no further than "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", an abyssal, dirty poverty, dishonor of a movie. As we all know, decent moovies tend to make horrible and horrible offspring sprout: "Halloween" gave birth to many, many ugly flashes of the 80s; "Mad Max" has caused many, many ugly 80s "futuristic fantasy desert landscapes"; and "Conan the Barbarian" generated a large number of terrible, horrible, incredibly ugly flashes of sword and sorcery of the 1980s. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scrapes the bottom of the barrel of the 80s, in a really offensive way for barrels. A young twin named Simon regained his "good kingdom" from an evil sorcerer with the help of a mangy carpet, a garden gnome, a topless baby mermaid and a tired and plump-looking Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-time muscular b-moovie, seems barely able to swing his aluminum sword. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, which consist of the evil wizard, "Shurka", and his army of monsters, giants and beaten dwarves. At one point, a papier-mache bat on a rope attacks, but is eaten by a puppet hidden by a stocking 1/2, pitifully presented as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can be politely described as a small piece of scenes collected from the floor of a mammoth cutting room, sewn together in the vain hope of setting the scene for the film, and narrated in an excessively honored by a boy who never appears again. Words cannot correctly convey the astonishing cheapness of this film; the producers probably spent moolah feeding the ever-growing gorge of Svenson rather than the crazy cheese of this film. And we're talking about Brie here, folks ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("Regina barbara") presents this mixture in a hopelessly confused, confused and cliché way, destroying every possible hint of clear and linear narrative. The acting is terrible, the production levels below the string of shoes, and the plot is a tired cliche after another parade before our tired eyes. That they actually did a sequel (!!!) makes MooCow's brain spin. James Horner's ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") was raised, screaming and kicking, and grafted mercilessly on this turkey - I bet this does not appear on his resume. People, you have to see this to believe it. The MooCow says it's a cheapo rental when there is NOTHING to watch, well, it's more fun than watching dust rabbits mating. As soon as. : = 8P
