What we have here is a decidedly brilliant piece of incompetence from the early 1980s that will make even the greatest connoisseur of junk cinema completely speechless! "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and tacky fantasy / Sword-and-Sorcery adventure that doesn't have a real plot but that borrows with impatience and shamelessness elements of other films. The writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Have seen quite a similar number of films to know that they needed a handful of essential characters, but they probably thought that everything else would follow automatically. To create a fantasy adventure you need: a wicked super villain (preferably with a black cloak), a young hero in training, a lone warrior, a lovable type of furry pet, a wise dwarf living in the woods (optional ) and a whole colorful collection of horrible demons, subservient dwarfs and winged gargoyles serving as fillers. The story is phenomenal and so original, with Simon, the young son of a magician who must escape from his beloved kingdom after the evil wizard Shurka takes power and kills the king. Simon wants to go back and save people, but for this he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon befriends the lonely warrior Kor (the usual Bo Svenson guy who clearly needed to pay the check), who assists Simon during the long and devastating journey full of trials, dangerous encounters and magical showdowns. Actually, it doesn't seem too bad either, but it's only because I excluded all the small details deliciously inept. Simon has a best friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and evokes uncontrollable giggles every time he opens his poodle's face to shout something incomprehensible. The obstacles on the journey home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as a filling material to cover up the lack of real content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a suspicious nymph of the forest, Kor establishes an old score with the swine-faced nemesis whose sister refused to marry and there is the supposed horrible "suicide cave" where you can only sing . But the sequence absolutely unmatched and brilliant? not only of this film alone but in the history of cinema ?? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon awakens the legendary brave warriors, hoping that they will assist them in their battle, but the decomposing corpses take only a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. That's all! So much for the secondary zombie plot! Best sequence ever! I could continue to list small details unintentionally for many other paragraphs, but you have the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is an incredibly messy "so bad-is-good" movie. A tip: don't look at this joyful piece of junk by yourself. Invite friends, preferably drugged guys with an evil sense of humor, and watch them in a group. Will it be a night to remember ??
