From the beginning, you know this is a Sam Sherman movie rather than an Al Adamson movie because while the credits are coming out, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in big letters like the credit title. Not only that, Mr. Sherman co-wrote the script and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a 69-year-old western washed star from the old Hollywood age, to be the male lead in a picture Sherman thought would have capitalized on the recent success of "Swinging Stewardesses". <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want to have an old man wrinkled as the male protagonist in what should be a soft-core exploit function? Challenge the explanation, but this is Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood has colored many of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson have often tried to get actors for their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc. .). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me that the drive-in demographic knew who this second rector of the 1940s was; it's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But then again, "Naughty Stewardesses" was a successful image for them, so we can't just write this like a Sherman fiasco. And yet, by any aesthetic standard, it is an inconsistent mess. Al Adamson wanted to get out of this picture, and it's easy to see why. First of all, it has no focus on genres at all and goes around from a super soft core (just tits and simulated / simulated sex) to a kidnapping thriller (the nuances of "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo" by Steckler!) Meanwhile, we are subjected to painfully boring sequences of hostesses roaming Las Vegas towards Sparrow's trivial music, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann in a photo shoot in San Francisco. Worse still, we get Bob Livingstone as a Jack LaLanne aspirant in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann has been canceled, but you can catch him cum on the tits on the DVD in the Special Features section. Creepy.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible, terrible movie, but I'll give him three stars for the photography of Gary Graver and out of sympathy for Connie Hoffmann for having had to do it with "Wrinkles" Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson finalists and / or exploitative film scholars as Sam Sherman's commentary offers vital information inside. All others, ATTENTION.
