Such is the dilemma (above) that Debbie faces at the end of this production of Sam Sherman Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie just hit the city, she became a stewardess, slept with a rich elder (who she describes is about fifty, but obviously hit that mark a decade ago), shoots nude scenes for a photographer she just met and then it is the central element of a plot of rapture / extortion. Through all this and in the midst of all this emotional upheaval and soul searching, what will you do in Debbie in the name of heaven? Well, I can't give it away completely but don't expect any real epiphany here. Let's face it. Naughty Stewardesses is just what he wants to be (at least two thirds): a soft core porn movie with a lot of topless women and a fun in that kitchy movie of the 70s. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and exploit a growing trend when it came to putting nympho hostesses in films so that the public could live out their voyeuristic tastes. By today's standards, the film is quite docile. What this movie hurts is trying to be a kind of affirmative movie in the end. Come on, anyone here believes that little Debbie diatribe while on the beach contemplating life. He would have spent more time choosing which tank top he wore that day, so do it. And what about the ridiculous plan to steal $ 50,000? It didn't make sense to me, so why did these characters "dig" it? Someone who buys Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? It would have been fortunate to have a job at Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer noted, more of a piece by Sam Sherman and then a piece by Al Adamson. You can tell when Al is fully charged. There is practically no budget and the film doesn't seem as polished as this. Adamson does a decent job directing this time and I have to graduate from Sherman. While this film is only bad for what it was meant to be, it has a certain style. I liked the opening credits with animation and photographs. I also liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a catchy reason. The film doesn't look really cheap. Compare it to ANY of Al's horror films. As for the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead role, but some tests went into his character and the obvious thread that young women are attracted to men with money has been explored as well. I had big problems with Robert Smedley who was simply horrible in his role. The girls all have fantastic sets, so what else was required of them eh? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively harmless exploitation film from the 1970s and will serve as a life time capsule for certain aspects of life during that decade. By the way, did I say it's a pretty bad photo?
