It seems that the people behind Envy have realized that recent comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Black Jack - have been swear words, which have steadily decreased in originality and generally laugh. I found the pure absurdity of Zoolander absolutely funny when it was released, Starsky and Hutch was also fun, and then Dodgeball kept the laughter for many people, even if I was a little tired of the exaggerated characters - especially when the scenario it was so fun (maybe the Dodgeball tournament comedy doesn't translate to Australia, where it's rarely played). So, in an attempt to do something a little more original, Envy turns away from an absurd scenario and instead turns around the absurd creation of the character of Jack Black (I don't want to ruin what it is for those who intend to see the film). The problem is that the film seems to be dragging, I am not a big fan of films to be able to think of examples, but it seems that this set up has been done a thousand times before - and very rarely with success. So instead of a beautiful, clear, pleasant and fresh comedy, you get a movie that just seems to go through the scenes. Of course, the movements can be quite fun, and are centered on an idea that is strange enough to offer some laughter - especially with Jack Black playing the excited and fun creator, even if a little 2D. On the other hand, Ben Stiller seems a bit lost, he is asked to play a fuller role in the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander film series, but he fights like a family man, both through his own fault and by script, not there is enough depth to the character and the result is a Ben Stiller film that does those typical mannerisms and generally gets boring. The performance does not leave an imprint on the spectator (it is only Ben Stiller, Jack Black manages to play a character in reality, even if not demanding). The last annoying element of the film is the role of Christopher Walken as "The J Man", which is typical and two-dimensional of the characters, and naturally becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people would think, it's watchable, especially if you're in the right mood (feeling stupid would be a good prerequisite to watch this movie). Take it on a movie night with friends and watch it after watching a scary movie and feel like something light - we hope that you too will be a bit tipsy by then. In this scenario I can imagine that it would be a lot of fun, but generally it provides too many laughs to take alone and more often than not it drags on.
