I admit I really appreciate the so-called "frat-pack" films. No matter how bad they are, I can find something I like about Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" left me as cold as the white horse that Ben eliminated. This time, Ben and Jack Black are like a couple of neighboring nutcrackers, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol spray to make the animals' poop disappear and becomes incredibly rich while the other (Stiller) writhes with envy. This is presumably the plot, but then vanishes in other directions that don't make much sense. I guess the "Vapoorize" thing is a little fun in the beginning. The problem is that they try to support the gag for the whole image (Black has a plaque that reads 'Caca King') and becomes rather boring. But even Ben and Jack are misused; the energy level for both their performances seems significantly reduced. The two best performances by far are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. Walken's neo-hippie-dipping guy is such an unusual and well-modulated performance that he never suggests any of Walken's other familiar characters. It is completely unique, yet meets Walken unmistakably. And Weisz is the best actress in the industry that nobody knows. Even with limited screen time, it continues to dominate every scene in which it is found. <br /> <br /> The whole knot of the so-called drama is that Ben, in jealous drunken stupor, shoots Jack's white stud by mistake, and then goes to ridiculously long lengths to cover him, fearing his best friend he will discover it and cut it. But the twist is not credible because there is nothing in the character of Jack to indicate that he would do such a thing. He plays such a sweet boy that he makes the horse's atrocious tracking void. The discount completely. It's all full. And what's the point of the carousel out of control, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know that he saw "Foreigners on a train"? The script is painfully bad and the acting of the two leads badly. Someone with Levinson's curriculum should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this film disappear. Oh wait, they already have.
