Jack Frost, no child is not the warm-hearted family movie about a dad who returns from the dead in the form of a snow man. It is a sadistic assassin named Jack Frost, who is sprayed with an acid liquid and turns into a killer snowman. I happened to take a copy of this film so I could sit well and laugh at this movie. A killer snowman? Ha, it sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, I was wrong a lot. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a killer being transported by truck to prison to fry in the chair at midnight. But it is a snowy night and collides with a government tanker that carries a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burned to death by the acid and turns into a killer snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton where he was captured by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now like a man of snow with colder powers. It can condense in water, throw ice cycles like spears and grow killer tusks. The only question is: who can stop Frost? This film is below the typical B-Movie line. The film starts to make itself felt but as soon as Jack is burned by the acid, he goes down quickly under the line of cheeses and becomes flat. Acting for one is terrifying! Here we have a full cast of unprecedented actors who can't act, can act but have a useless character, or I'm just here for some extra money. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately his appearance is reduced to three minutes and all we see of him is his new form of snow man and his wise voice. Furthermore his jokes are anything but amusing. Moaning, stupid and mean. <br /> <br /> The plot is horrible! There have been numerous killers throughout history. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a pitcher glove, a chainsaw wielding an idiot, a quick San Bernardo, but now we are moving towards a murderous killer snowman? Oh come on! And the way the characters are introduced are terrible. First of all I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, I mean give his father oats with Antifreeze so they don't freeze? All the characters are stupid and meaningless and the deaths are comic. A woman is strangled with Christmas lights and has a broken head in a decorative box and a girl is clumsy to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene eh?). <br /> <br /> And on top of this horrible movie is the special effects. The first great special effect we have is the DNA of Jack that mixes with the snow and the boy is terrible. I mean, it looks like a 60s art fashion design, PU! Even Jack looks fake. Looks like a person covered with rubber snow man skin. All the blood and blood are fake and the film never starts with greatness, but instead reduces to low levels. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be a revolt but no! It doesn't try to be funny and actually tries to scare you. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least it made me laugh at the fact that it's horrible. Don't even worry about this piece of junk. Jack Frost = D +
