I didn't see "Henry Fool", but after seeing "Fay Grim" I'm not sure I want it. Perhaps Hartley proposes to be the "anti-thriller" director --- he certainly succeeded with this yawn. Based on the official description, the woman discovers that her late husband's manuscript contains material that could pose a threat to national security. I was expecting a tense geopolitical drama. Instead I have a light structure, a silly dialogue, flaccid characterizations, a twisted plot, and a so often changing "tone" suggests that Hartley changed the script according to his mood at any time. I can remain suspended for a long time with a frustrating and difficult plot to follow (eg "Duplicity") because I imagine that in the end things will go together. Even when they do not do it, or do it, but leave persistent questions (eg "duplicity"), writing and acting can keep their interest. But halfway with "Fay Grim" I reached a deadly realization - I didn't know what was happening, and I didn't care. Too bad, because I really like Parker Posey, reduced here to work with an absurd part that asked her to transform herself from indifferent, estranged wife and indifferent, incapable mother to hard, astute international "player" capable of psychological hand with terrorists. There is also a bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he can't pass miscasting as a CIA agent. It seems almost uncomfortable in the role in which I was watching him. His CIA partner is worse; he looks like a refugee from the quarter finals of "American Idol" (are there really young CIA agents with big licks of hair draped over their foreheads?). Then there is the sticky question of the age of the characters. Goldblum was 54 when he created "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", was 44 years old. Neither of them was made to look or look older than their current age. However, a key point in the story is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "in the 1970s". The Goldblum character would have been in his 20s then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "bizarre" or lazy? The problems are too numerous to list ...
