I say "I'd like to figure" on this line because, frankly, I've never seen a Hal Hartley movie until now. It's not that he never heard of it, since he was seen as one of those little directors in New York (when I say little I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who has made ultra-personal projects with limited budgets. In an ironic way, as in Pasolini's Salo, although in a slightly different context, Fay Grim is interested in seeing some of Hartley's most acclaimed traits, because there seems to be at least a semblance of talent behind, as if Hartley * could * be an excellent filmmaker who could be so good that he just made a big experimental mistake. Or, on the other hand, it could just be someone too impressed by his idiosyncrasies and potential Godard film collisions. <br /> <br /> I can't explain the story, which may or may not be a problem, I suppose, anyway it's not really for not having seen the film that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think even if I had that experience it wouldn't make too much difference based on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped in another that fell through the fake pockets of the title character, played in a detached way by Parker Posey (I'm not sure it's good or bad, maybe both), and it also involves a CIA agent (Jeff Goldblum, as usual a solid presence in the middle of the mania, also evoking some laughter), not to mention an illustrated box full of sea bream, and author of Henry Fool. It's not that the script is totally impenetrable, however much it goes in too large loopholes just for the sake of it, because there are some touches of witty or affectively strange dialogue. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, the direction sucks Harltey is in love with the Third man, which is fine, but imposes a constant style of headache of everything that is inclined at an angle, with characters that have to enter in an equally strange setting. Not since Battlefield Earth, in fact, has a director who came out so annoyingly in an attempt to make the unneeded choice of titled angles for some bizarre dramatic effect, only this time Hartley is not in the middle of a f-cluster, it is mainly responsible for this. This, along with the crazy wardabe Godard title-cards that pop-in here and there, some a bit funny and some just totally stupid, and the editing stands out in still shots, and a couple of moments that involve the action that almost recall to mind Ed Wood weakens any potential present in the script, which is already difficult enough to decipher. In a sense, it is fascinating to see how ugly all this is, but a sort of fascination that comes from seeing the flip side of the coin towards total creative control over a kind of small-scale story. <br /> <br /> But let him know: you probably won't come across a more miserably pretentious example of American independent film production this year.
