MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE from 1975 is a wonderful and wonderful movie to watch. This is not because the fights are particularly inspired or because the film makes sense. It is because the film is so stupid and so exaggerated that it is a classic of the field: bad, but pleasantly bad. The film is played by a blind man who has a Frisbee-like device on a chain that tears people's heads to pieces while skillfully throwing his enemies! Who cares that physics is impossible or that the film presents such silly things as fighters with 12-foot-long papier-mâché arms or that the boy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite "bad" movies to watch with friends. <br /> <br /> Thanks to this film, I couldn't wait to see THE FATAL FLYING GUILLOTINES (1977), although unfortunately it wasn't a sequel, but a bit of a knock-off - taking many of the ideas from the original but neglecting to make the film coherent or watchable. Sure, it's silly fun, but it never comes close to the MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE in the value of entertainment. Like the original film, there are these bizarre flying devices that separate the heads, but they are quite different: with circular blades and almost a mind of their own. There is not even a blind person, but instead they are a bunch of bad guys who don't really have depth and the public doesn't understand exactly what's going on in this version in English, since the plot is completely incomprehensible. However, at the same time, some of the martial arts actions are very good. Although not up to the highest standards of Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba films, the action is worth it despite the ridiculous and often confusing storyline. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a film that martial arts fans might appreciate (despite its many, many, many, many shortcomings), but also that others will probably shut down or giggle hysterically instead of enjoying action because the film is so ridiculous. But above all, it never comes close to being as fun or watchable as MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE. Sin.
