This film should be shown to film school students as an example of what NOT to do. The original has kicked some fatacious tires, this horrible disaster breaks the cardinal rule of Bruckheimer's films, which is: we all know they suck, but they have a great action. This film has NO ACTION. This film is BORING. Where are the machines? Where are the chases? Where is the tension? Where's the suspense? Where's the hurry? Where is it!!?? This is not a movie at all, it's bad publicity. 50 cars in 24 hours? This is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the announcement is wrong. How bad is it? The recitation of the cables is rigid, of wood and forced. The bad guy, the cop, the others ... who cares. They express their useless lines, they serve the illogical plot. They challenge the best they can, while the director of the music video says "don't worry, we'll do a lot of shortcuts and nobody will notice how bad the movie is" or "we'll fix it with lots of music sounds" The "script" is not at all a script, it is more like a list of cliches with an ending that is a total clean-up of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ---- - 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The fugitive. The biggest crime of all is the underutilization of Vinnie Jones, the man .... this is the meanest, the most cool mofo since Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do !? Make it a dumb one that is barely in the movie! Make Vinnie the main villain and could have saved the movie. How could they be so stupid? Such as? Such as? Why? The original film is very funny with a trick at the end that drives the driver away. The original has a great 40 minute chase it offers! Go find the original. Or if you are thirsty for a real chase, go and rent RONIN. The pursuits in Ronin have raised the level at which all other car chases will be judged. Did Bruckheimer and Cage have all that money, all those resources, all that experience, and can't even get close to a film made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can it be? You feel like you've robbed yourself after watching this movie. Where once I was excited to see Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
