If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this film, its theme was (literally) suffocated by the emphasis on "special effects" on characterization. Almost as in an attempt to "keep up" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, Disney abandoned the character-centered approach and the film with a message in favor of a Star Wars "shooter". with stereotypes of heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> Art is cartoon and the producers think they can count on computer-generated images (CGI) of flying aircraft and submarines to fill the void. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful hand-made animations are quickly flying out of the window in favor of the CGI of the assembly line. <br /> <br /> This movie is all a heartless show. Sometimes the film comes close to being a valid and deserving film, but it frustrates the brand so many times by jumping out of talking about something meaningful and choosing instead to go with pomp. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the film is the rhythm. It starts out confusingly and then starts rocketing along with an editing style of a choppy story that isn't appreciated. The viewer rushes out of the door with Milo Thatch (well voiced by Michael J. Fox) and is left to think "Damn there must be a lot of things that will happen once you get to Atlantis". Unfortunately, not much happens. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret with narrators who do not really know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to commit themselves to say where Atlantis is, even in a fantasy story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is hypothesized, not even from a purely fantasy point of view. The viewer will leave the theater wondering "Now what was it? What was the point of the movie? Why the surviving Atlantean could not remember how to read when many of them lived through the disaster up to the" present "day? Has Atlantis sunk? "And then they quickly begin to forget what they saw. There is nothing left to think or grind ... except the loss of money in their wallets. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable. From the eccentric zillionaire that founded the expedition with apparently more money that existed on the whole planet in 1914, to the (collective) collective consciousness that enters Kida and voluntarily deserted its people! The crew is a collection of bizarre and two-dimensional anachronistic people (for 1914) P.C. race and gender. The demolitions expert talks as if he had come out of a Bugs Bunny short by Warner Brothers. Most jokes are solitary beats that are largely ignored by the public for two reasons: they are transmitted at the rate of lightning speed and are usually muttered. The way these supportive players make a moral turn towards the end of the film is hard to believe. <br /> <br /> While we applaud Disney for trying to create animated films for adults - and this is the first Disney no have cute animals or objects, they can't make the transition. Younger children will be frightened by some action scenes and will be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters speak Atlantean). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without thinking twice. Obviously Disney thinks that if you didn't know who those people were, then why should you be interested? Again, the film has no feelings at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the last animated films produced by Disney that have been done very well. Sadly, Atlantis refers to those failed attempts in the past like the black cauldron and the hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to get back to its roots. A Peter Pan sequel will be released soon, but you never know what the results will be until you see it for yourself. And now that Disney has discovered science fiction, it is hoped that they will realize that that genre must have more than one show. We also hope that the upcoming "Treasure Planet", a sci-fi adaptation of "Treasure Island" by Robert L. Stevenson, will have more heart than it of the "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
