I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty ugly (yes, I'm sorry to say I didn't like it), since Hanna-Barbera didn't produce it and took a drastic step from the old series. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" was in the works, I thought it could be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy looked, I knew this show would be bad, if not worse. I've seen a few episodes and, believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed". Scooby and Shaggy no longer go against people wearing masks of fantastic and creepy monsters who rob banks. Now they are looking for a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become braver. Also, since Shaggy will NOT be vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice, will NOT write Shaggy. Shaggy will give voice only if he doesn't eat meat, and this was just a stupid business change to update the franchise, as if the jokes on the Internet weren't enough. So Scott Menville (who previously pronounced Red Herring in "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo") makes Shaggy feel here. Believe me, the voice is REALLY BAD! It makes Shaggy look like a 10-year-old boy, and I must admit that the voice definitely fits his new ugly appearance. However, Kasem is Shaggy's uncle Albert's voice, which is kind of a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, doesn't look so good. It looks like it was designed to look more like CGI Scooby-Doo than action movies. Also, the voice of Frank Welker from Scooby (should I mention Brain the Dog again?) Has not improved yet. Robi, the robot butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes "comic" impressions and gives advice on safety ("Remind the children, don't stay under the trees during a thunderstorm!"), But it doesn't fit a Scooby-Doo cartoon. Once again, Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use the "Castle thunder" thunder during this, almost extensively! (Although they still use the sound effects of the newly recorded thunder). Scooby-Doo has not used "Castle thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is, why use "Castle thunder" on "Shaggy and Scooby- Doo Get a Clue," while I DO NOT use it on movies directed to video or even on "What's New Scooby-Doo!" (Two episodes of WNSD used it, and unfortunately it wasn't enough.) If WNSD and DTV movies used it, then they could be better than this lousy cartoon. The day this show was presented, I saw the first episode and it was so bad that I turned it off after only five minutes! To take your mind off this show, I hired "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" which came out in the same period. And you know what? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" was actually BETTER than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it seems that the new projects that the characters have are not permanent to franchise. The direct-to-video movies that come out while this show is being made use the normal character drawings, thankfully. But, whether you've loved or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo", I don't recommend it. But if you hate the old series, then you will love it! (Oh God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon stays better than this new $ # *%!) However, like WNSD, it's a bad addition to the Scooby canon.
