Scooby Doo is without doubt one of the simplest, most successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So what happens when you've been everywhere and done everything with the formula? Turn it on right? Mistaken. Production is interrupted and left to rest for about a decade, then it is performed again, keeping the core of its success intact. That is to say, stick to the formula for the most part, but add your particular flavor to it. This is why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked for me, they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo formula that had successfully resurfaced only a decade earlier in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo" but for the most part it hadn't been exploited from the original "Scooby Doo Where Are You". <br /> <br /> The first sign (for me) of a weak offer is the inclusion of extraneous characters; there may be some good memories of past iterations, but in general if you think of "Scooby Doo" you're not thinking about Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Even worse, the exclusion of other key members of "Mystery Inc" generally indicates a group of people who do not understand from the point of view of children how the show works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed to being together and through their individual and stereotyped qualities manage to overcome the given tasks at hand. <br /> <br /> The next paragraph is just my theory, so jump if you want: I hope I can explain why I think manipulating the basic elements of the show are detrimental to my interpretation of what the band represents and how contribute to the whole; Fred represents the Driver, I think Fred's aim in general is to give the group's direction, organization and sub-activities. Fred is not a happy teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is guided by tasks (the problem is always the same as Fred). In many ways Fred is the antithesis of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy who's a little more afraid of things than you, allows you to be brave, not to be in the back of the pack. Shaggy represents emotion and often shows emotional extremes from exaction to fear. Velma represents rational thought, applies logic but, as we see several times in the show, it needs clues that are mostly collected in pieces by the other members of the show. Had Velma left it alone to solve a mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where the truths are not obvious and only through chance meetings do they obtain the information necessary to complete their task, the case is represented by Daphne. At one point (I think it's the first Scooby Doo series) it was known as "dangerous prone". Writers have used Daphne to link events not connected together by accident. Often it is the one who finds the secret door, the collection of objects or some other detail that can help the band connect the clues together. Finally Scooby himself represents us, the participant. He is always at the center of events, capable of all the things the rest of the band is capable of, but he is handicapped because he is not human and very similar to us, the television viewer is not able to really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personified elements of problem solving are immediately identifiable and amusing. <br /> <br /> Maybe I stopped thinking about things but, in my life I saw a lot of Scooby Doo (being a 30 year self-proclaimed nerd, type of land rolls). For me there is a magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be messed up. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, nor is it completely trivial, it falls into the category of programming that can be seen by young eyes with a rich bowl of breakfast cereal. Messing with raw simplicity turns it into something else, something minor.
