Darcy and her young daughter Pamela are heading to the country where her mother's boyfriend Peter left the doctor's position in the city to become a writer and set up a bed and breakfast. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela learns from a girl who lives in the city that a deformed witch resides in that house. They called it the "tooth fairy" as she would kill the children after getting their last milk tooth. This work on the inn has awakened the "Tooth Fairy". Now he has his eyes on Pamela and his last toothpaste, but if someone intrudes in the way they face the same fate that Pamela is waiting for. <br /> <br /> The old folk myth of this fairy tooth movie makes no difference. You paint it in a very generous way, as you would believe when you were a child. They simply don't like turning happy childhood memories into nightmares! Another that was in the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can't compare how similar they are in the clubs, because I haven't seen the latter, but mostly I've read that they basically share the same idea. For a small film directed on DVD, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images surrounding the senseless and traditionally from the plot device of the book. Low expectations are necessary, since I wouldn't rate it as a success, but I found it to entertain marginally. <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and the story of Cookie Rae Brown or background for this character of "Tooth Fairy" is completely naked with it more inclined towards a slasher vehicle than anything really supernatural. Silly is a good way to describe what's going on in this poorly written story, but it never seems like a fairy tale horror. The dialogues may seem rather redundant and morally persecuted. While the acting is simply comparable to the bland characters they have to process, but the director Chuck Bowman offers some fanciful splashes of blood and terribly bad jolts. This type compensates for the lack of suspense, the zero scares and the generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, in which he gets some atmospheric light that contrasts well with his smooth photography. The promising opening scene is frighteningly effective. Its rhythm can slow down in some parts and there is the strange and useless slow motion scene inserted, but nevertheless it never becomes too heavy with something active that has meant that I didn't get bored. <br /> <br /> the special effects of the make-up provided the goods, since there is enough repellent jelly and the appearance of the tooth fairy is particularly sticky. The figure of the Fata tooth may seem ominous in its black robe, bubbling make-up and rapid movements. Being on site helps to carve out a more natural appearance and can become atmospheric in its sense of unease. Child actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent on her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are pretty solid, but they can be a bit too causal in their performances like Peter and Darcey. The beautiful and radiant Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles presents himself in a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them of the evil that hides in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a perfect time waster with a sound concept, that just isn't rich enough and the execution is textbook stuff. Redeemable nonsense, but at the same time extremely forgettable.
