The Tooth Fairy is set in a small town somewhere in northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) brought a farm that he is renovating and is planning to turn into a vacation inn, is joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and his young 12-year-old daughter, Pamela (Nicole Munoz), who comes to help on the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela meets another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns her that evil lurks in her new home, tells a story of a wicked witch known as the tooth fairy who takes children's teeth and kills them. Pamela is worried and even more so when she falls off her bike and her last milk tooth falls, it is not long before the evil tooth of the Tooth Fairy has her eyes on Pamela's tooth and she only decides to kick killing anyone Bumps into ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman I thought The Tooth Fairy was just another low-to-video low-horror horror movie that can't stand out from the countless others video library shelves fill the dark hours of late-night cable TV, in practice it is not very good. Producer Stephen J. Cannell's script, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 odd minutes, nothing particularly interesting during this period is basically a boring exhibit as if this stuff was going to surprise anyone . Introduces the character, sets the legend of the Fairies of the teeth and that's all. The second part of the film slightly improves but even in this case it's not about spectacular things, there are some decent gore scenes, but apart from that it's all very predictable and stuff to forget. The characters are not fantastic and many of them are just there to be killed, the story has inconsistencies like the story of the tooth fairy, says it kills children after they gave them their milk teeth, so why does she go on a indiscriminate homicidal spree that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to you after the prologue set in 1949? Why did she come back as a ghost? Despite being a ghost of some kind, it seems very human to have to open doors alone and use weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make any use of the supernatural elements except the ghostly children who are interpreted for maximum sentiment . <br /> <br /> Director Bowman does OK, he is reasonably well done and there are a couple of decent scenes but nothing to get excited about. There is nothing I will describe as terrifying or atmospheric here and I do not take note of the comparisons between this and Darkness Falls (2003) because, in addition to the teeth, they are quite different. The blood is ok, someone is pushed into a wood-cutting machine, there is a beheading, someone has cut the penis and the best scene when someone is nailed to a door and then his stomach opens with an ax and their tummy slips out. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 1,500,000 The Tooth Fairy is generally well done but there is nothing special on display here. The acting is nothing fancy but it's not bad and unusually I didn't find the child actors so annoying, so it's something I suppose. <br /> <br /> The Tooth Fairy is the usual just below the average low budget modern straight-to-video horror rate that seems everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy then it could spend 90 odd minutes if you're not too demanding otherwise it's pretty shoddy and forgettable stuff.
