I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Raye - for me, it's the female Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY *. It is almost * guaranteed * that the film will be bad (eg Congo) if Hudson is present (except for the Ghostbusters films, intentionally campy and very bad). Despite my instinct and having just seen Civil Brand, yet another cinematic "tour de force" starring Lisa Raye, I rented it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" on OZ and ended up watching a very quality series so I thought I'd give this film a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, this is a must see! This was the most unintentionally funny movie I've seen in a shit time. The plot is quite simple: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a band of brigands (led by Bobby Brown!) And, like many other action films, she binds to the guns ONE LAST TIME and swears to avenge the his sisters Death. To do this, he reassembles the titanic Gang of Roses (apparently based on a true story of a female gang) and they leave and avenge with exactness and, along the way, there is some subplot or something or other about a gold that could to be buried in the city. One nice thing I will say about this film is that, from what I could tell, the stars went around and seemed to be galloping. <br /> <br /> The funniest scenes (albiet involuntarily funny)? Look for when they introduce the character of Stacy Dash or when the character of Calhoun rescinds his vow not to tie his guns (full of a tight cry to the sky) or the character of Lil 'Kim that jokes with the character of Lisa Raye or the Stacy Dash character being killed or Lil "Kim's character convinces Lisa Raye's character to rejoin the Asian Chick or Macy Gray gang or character who talks about" Debt is paid ", etc. With the exception of Racheal by Calhoun and Bobby Brown's Left-Eye, I can't even remember the names of the other characters because I was laughing so much when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director had chosen parody and comedy, this would have been a great film. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously, apparently without first exhibiting, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is notoriously difficult to work in a period piece), set design, screenplay or historical research vintage (was it me, or were these the cleanest people with the whitest teeth of the old west?) seriously. Usually when I see a movie that is not so beautiful, I wonder "could you have done better?" This is the first time in a long time since the answer is an unequivocal "YES!"
