Why would anyone want to see this ?! If this was a movie released on YouTube by a teenager, I might have applauded the teenager in doing so much with his mom's video camera. I could also congratulate his family and friends for playing well. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced director and these were apparently professional actors - making this a very, very sad film. Sad ... and very pathetic, actually. As I said, it has a defined appearance directly on the video. It also has narration and acting that shout "unprofessional" - how could it be ?! The film is full of corpses and blood. Normally this completely disables me, because I hate ultraviolent films and I don't like seeing all this blood. However, since none of these is realistic, it is bearable. However, I should warn you that there are some scenes that are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the boy who throws a radio in a lady's tub and looks at her naked and fries is pretty ugly. There are also scenes where you can feel the thought of psychopaths while they fantasize about killing women. With a level of misogyny that is quite horrible. the people who wrote this are pretty sick - how to kill women is meant to be for our fun. <br /> <br /> After a bunch of senseless murders, the movie goes to a dining table - around which are a bunch of goof balls wearing black hoods WITHOUT holes for eyes! They are proudly talking about all the murders they committed and sing. It's all very funny, although I'm not sure that was the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> So, the film is about various crimes and sexual murders and even about vampirism and cannibalism. Because, I don't know - maybe because people made him run away with this kind of crap. And once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a disturbing German-looking man as he tracks down people and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering the film used, what I have to assume are professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly Germans. While trying to behave like the Americans and the movie had to be in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German public saw it and marveled at how "realistic" acting was, but for any American it is obvious that these people are not their American companions! Considering that there really was a zodiac killer (which was never captured), I wonder why would anyone want to make a "movie fan" of sorts for the sick threat ?! I mean ... was this movie conceived as a snuff for perverts? I can't see anyone wanting to see it or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what could motivate anyone to make such a stupid and offensive film ?! Worthless and worthy of being included in the list of IMDb below IMDb.
