Well, as Goethe once said, there really is no point in trying to pass a negative judgment that aspires to be objective about "something that has had a great effect". "La Maman et La Putain" has certainly gone down in history as an influence on much of what has been done in France and elsewhere in the last thirty years and no one interested in film history, of course, should be deterred from watching it. To express a purely subjective judgment, however, I feel compelled to disagree with almost all the other reviews published here and to tell people: "Don't look at it, it's a waste of hours of your time that will leave you pretty bad is angry." And by this I don't mean "sick and angry" for "the human condition" or something as general and profound as that, because it is exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their praise of the film - "an ordeal to watch in his ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and, if he had really succeeded in transmitting a message of this kind universally or even largely relevant, then the director would have good reason to be satisfied with himself, however pessimistic the his conclusions could be. My problem with the film is rather that I do not see this recording of hours and hours of empty vanity and insignificant betrayal as justified or justified by a generally relevant message. All three main characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals: Alexandre to the highest degree, of course, because we see most of him by far and because he rarely closes for more than thirty seconds; Marie, perhaps to the slightest degree, because we see the least of her. The affectionate and pretentious monologues of Alexandre obviously have a sort of fun value, but the fun fades away when it comes more and more clearly to understand that Jean-Pierre Léaud probably does not even act and that, with absurd claims like "a homme" is a film by Nicholas Ray ", in reality he was only reproducing opinions word by word that had been accepted as authentic and profound by the environment in which he, together with the director Eustache, had lived for about ten years before the film was made. I suppose if the tone of relentless superficiality and banality had been sustained for 100% of the film, it could have functioned as a long sardonic comedy on a particularly superficial, worthless and contemptible post-'68 environment, which made this viewer, however, at least extremely angry with the director was the granting of at least one long scene each to Alexandre and Veronika in which it is clearly waiting to feel empathy and feeling for them as if they shared a moral universe with us. If a man can get away with living in the apartment of and professing to love a woman, sleeping (mainly in this very flat) with another, and running for Paris proposing the marriage for a third more, well, I suppose I can wish him the good luck in the dog world that he chose to create for himself. What I cannot, however, in all conscience, is to listen even for a moment to the maudlin monologues from him in which he speaks of his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same applies to the even more despicable Veronika, who is shown drunk in the apartment and even in the bed shared by Marie and Alexandre and who behaved with a childlike inconsistency equivalent to the most cruel and savage cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" is nothing but a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three individuals that no decent half-way person would never admit in their company, much less their home, then I suppose that there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director for being "inflexible" (also because one should feel like "wincing" once one has consciously chosen to create characters so profoundly repellent as to be filmed that I can't imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are in some way representative of human beings in general and of the limits of the emotional capacities of human beings. This last idea, however, is an arrogant and offensive absurdity. There may indeed be an intrinsic fallibility and a tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and in sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of this fallibility and tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make these relationships work. Surely he does not need a cinematographic or authorial genius to communicate to us the information that a man who behaves like Alexandre will end up hating him, being unhappy and alone, or that women who insist on expecting love from a man like Alexandre will end up disappointed and bitter. Look at "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what went through culture and human interaction in a particular Parisian environment of '68 that probably didn't limit itself to a few particularly anti-social types like these. But please don't make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has a general relevance to humanity in the way one might argue that a Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese film has.
