Well, I'll start with good points. The film was only 86 minutes long, and some were so ugly that it was fun. Now for the low points. My first warning came with a "warning" about the film. When it started, the following "warning" was displayed: "The film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images, because contrary to popular belief that it is killed it is neither funny, nor cute nor romantic." I should have saved myself the 86 minutes and then turned it off. The first words of the film were: "I am at the glue factory". He was a guy who spoke on his phone and referred to a nursing home as a glue factory. I do not know why. So the basis of the film is that a child is obsessed with the Zodiac Killer and starts imitating it. The budget for this film was at least $ 50 and they must have used the cheapest cameras they found. The acting was worse than me by reading directly from a script. This is what they seemed to be doing. The script was horrible, and the big "twist" was that this guy who had written a biography on the Zodiac Killer was actually the Zodiac Killer. Of course, they tried to show it subtly but they made it absolutely obvious within the first 10 minutes. Without further painful details of the plot, here are some horrible highlights of the film. They try to make the Zodiac Killer compare with an "army of one" because the soldiers are actually just killers. Then they tried to try the "Satanic Worship" showing some guys with black hoods in a meeting. The great "computer hacker" managed to get this child's address when someone gave him the name and phone number of the child. For some reason he had to infiltrate the FBI to get someone's address. I'm not sure why he didn't simply look in the phone book or use whitepages.com. There was also a casual allusion to September 11 without reason. I also learned that no matter where they shoot you, blood will come out of your mouth in seconds. <br /> <br /> So if you like malevolent performances, sub-par scripts, camera malfunctions and an obvious storyline, you'll love Zodiac Killer!
