Straight to the point: "The Groove Tube" is one of the most extravagant, obscene and downright horrible films ever made. This "comedy" is so devoid of anything remotely similar to a trace of wit that it is almost incomprehensible that it has even been realized. I said almost because there are fans of everything after all. <br /> <br /> This film is not even "good" bad or "pleasant" bad. Putting this film on the same entertainment level as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime for those films. Movies like the ones you can actually watch and pull out. But this film is SO SO bad, SO MUCH done, played and scripted, and so incredibly stale, that there isn't even a trace of "field" or "schlock". <br /> <br /> Although this was done before Saturday Night Live, the comparisons were probably inevitable. I'm not a big SNL fan, but this movie is worse than the worst SNL scene you can find. And friend, this is BAD. Just to prevent viewers from leaving, Shapiro occasionally pulls a pair of breasts, but the poorly filmed breasts of 1974 won't excite anyone these days. Honestly this film is so poorly made and it's a sleep-inducing excursion, I doubt that they too have excited someone in 1974. A man named Ken Shapiro made this film. I swear to God that any ten-year-old child with a video camera could have done something more fun and intelligent. It's simply unreal - this is truly an incredible film. The "jokes" and the "gags" are so childish that even the kids who like to sneak up daddy's porn magazines at night don't laugh. <br /> <br /> I will give this film one thing - the last sequence, the "man dancing" sequence, where a boy (Shapiro) on the streets of New York dances on a melody, it's easily the best in this horrible movie. Not that the sequence of "dancers" is so exceptional - it certainly has its moments of not being intelligent while Shapiro desperately tries to fill the time for the whole song - but in reality it was a little watchable. The part of this sequence in which the policeman starts dancing with the man is the only trace of intelligence in the whole film. No wonder Shapiro put this sequence last - again, though not so big, it easily beats anything else in this "movie". <br /> <br /> Otherwise, this film is such a complete piece of shit, it is unfathomable as to how a true human being can be so utterly lacking in intelligence. The name of this film should have been "Ken Shapiro's Craparama". It's unbelievable that it was made, but many really talented directors can't enter. Anyway, I'll say that I bet NYU's geniuses will love this movie. Total garbage
