First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 out of 10 is because there is no chance of giving it NO stars! it's really that bad! I was never impatient to see this movie after seeing the commercials, I ended up seeing it only by accident because some of my friends had tickets and they had one in reserve, so I tagged them. Before seeing him I had a good idea that it would not have been brilliant - the premise seemed too stupid and stupid for something nice to come out, but in the end I thought "but there must be something for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson are good for the film ... "I don't think both are particularly fantastic but they are great stars who would normally only make films that would improve their reputation. However, around 10-20 minutes from the start, I realized that the film was probably worse than I had originally expected. I was shocked by the severity of the script. He really gave the actors NOTHING to work, so much so that they really seemed like they didn't know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable: if you've seen the ad, you've practically seen the movie! And there was nothing original about it - he's practically borrowed from every "superhero" story that was ever acceptable if the film was created as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately it wasn't. The direction seemed to be realism. I had the feeling that the director wanted the film to be completely realistic and not satirical, yet there were some moments in the film that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would work if it was a satire. In one moment of the film, two of the characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a phrase like "Oh well, it's dead ... it's time to move on" and he says it in such a droll voice that he doesn't have no no sense I found myself checking the clock after about 40 minutes to see how long I would have to spend on it. And then it hit me ... I started thinking "I wonder if the studio took this photo as a test to see if they can make the worst possible film ever made, and still attract a large audience ..." I couldn't Think of any other reason why this movie would be made. For the films to be made these days, the script goes to a huge screening process and very few screenplays actually reach the production stage ... I can't understand how this has passed the first draft phase ... In the end, and incredibly, stupid stupid-Ly climax, I was laughing heartily - not just for what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh at, but rather for how ridiculous and stupid the movie was. Thank God I didn't have to pay to see it ... because it would have really bothered me !!! Oh, and I could just add that of the two Wilson brothers, I have always preferred Luke because I think he is a better and more versatile actor ... but if he wants to go even further into the shadow of OWEN, then this is exactly the way to do it ... I doubt he will get many more job offers after this 2-hour shit waste !!! and remember, he only got a generous 1/10 because I couldn't select 0!
