It is easy to see how this sub-average script went on in the first sales meetings at Regency Films (and later with Fox): crossing the superhero genre with a comedy on "Fatal attraction" ... voila! I don't know why a talented director like Ivan Reitman was involved, unless the pay was too tempting. An undocumented employee at an architectural design company of N.Y.C. he meets a girl on the subway and asks her to go out; despite being distracted and unpleasant, she finally puts her to bed - only to find out later she is the super-girl living in the Big Apple, G-Girl. That Superman monster, with the powers conferred on him by a fallen meteorite, is not a fantasy heroine, however ... screenwriter Don Payne conceived her as a needy, possessive and vengeful bitch (she wired us from miles away, though Uma Thurman still plays the role of impertinent laughter). This is the kind of worthless film that cannot pass an insult. Our introduction to the main character Luke Wilson, talking to Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a rinse in gays (he urges us to make sure that these two friends are strictly women). After being approached by G-Girl's nemesis, who wants to hoe her powers, Wilson is told that this will only be done by an ordinary woman despised ... and isn't she so beautiful after all? Thurman's first performances in films such as "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" staged an intelligent woman with angular grace and hypnotic gait; his films with Quentin Tarantino helped expose his sinuous hardness and intensity, but this had a price (the actress apparently lost her pretty touch). The image is extremely well produced and shot, with apparently expensive special effects, but no one has bothered to find humor in this scenario. It is intrusive, mischievous, ugly and badly done. Wilson, swollen, with a frozen face, cannot tell any of his collaborators that he is dating G-Girl because he made him swear that he would prefer a chainsaw to stick in his rectum. I wonder if the writer Payne actually thought it was hilarious ... or, indeed, if someone was involved? * from ****
