Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but pretty woman, though she soon learns that she is needy and possessive, oh, and she is also the superhero G-Girl even if you wouldn't know from the things he does to Matt after he gets scared and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by mediocre execution. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a fun comedy but it relies too much on cheap sex lines and ends up being a forgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and director failed to overcome the weakness of the script and I didn't like the way they interpreted it. I expected the boy to be an idiot and it could have been a female fantasy revenge movie. However, they made the boy nice and made the superhero a psychopath. It was not very cool and after about forty minutes the film has finished its welcome. Of course, there were some fun lines, but the weak and horrible finish prevented it from really breaking loose. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost his touch. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he started to suck like Evolution and Father's Day. I wouldn't say My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a complete bust, but I don't give him any credit for the quality of the film, the which is not excessive. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were lame and most of the supporting characters were just a note. He also continued to reuse many of the same jokes making it really boring sometimes. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors were good enough to save the film. Uma Thurman was as fantastic as G-Girl and had many funny jokes. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I don't think it represents a pre-eminent actor and is better at supporting roles like in The Family Stone. Anna Faris was simply doing her "Scary Movie" routine and getting a little old. It needs a challenge or at least better scripts. Wanda Sykes is either inconstant for me. She was great at Monster-in-Law and she was mean in Clerks 2. Here, it's just boring and doesn't bring anything to the film. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the film. It wasn't terrible, but it had so much potential and the end result was only average. Rated 5/10
