SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTARYMENTY FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MORALLY DISTURBING <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title and, after some research, I discovered that it refers to Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice, where the usurer Shylock makes a terrible bond with the merchant Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his meat, in the case unable to repay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something profoundly human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, although cultivated enough not to be perceived by anyone, makes it, precisely in its reference to the flesh, something cold, rational, rooted in the physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think that the real quality of Ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it is a cold plot, aimed at "giving" parts of his body, but without an authentic human empathy, at least the public is not given the chance to see or perceive any pure relationship of souls within the entire film. The only exception is the love affair with the girl, which seems to be a sort of unplanned incident, to which Ben gives up, but unable to convey true emotional involvement. I did not really like the idea at the center of the film: the idea that a person, though consumed by grief over the death of his beloved and other people he himself caused, makes the resolute decision to atone for his sense of sense of guilt for suicide: besides being unlikely, it makes no sense. I would have liked, and I think it would have been more positive if, in the end, Ben had decided to abandon the idea of ​​committing suicide and continue to live, thus helping those same people, and perhaps many more, simply by staying close to them and helping them through his presence. It would not save their lives miraculously, of course: this would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to the creation of God in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, are six!): What does it mean? And what about a woman who suffers from a heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling sick, who can have a normal sexual relationship with a man who, feeling, as he should be, destroyed by the death of his wife and having donated organs and parts of his body, doesn't he seem to feel it so much, both emotionally and physically, from his compromised condition? The film is saved by good acting, but everything else is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional point of view.
