War, Inc. - Corporations take the war in the future and use a lone assassin Brand Hauser (John Cusack) to do their wet work against rival CEOs. A dark comedy that plays down the military and the corporations alike. It was often difficult to understand what exactly was happening. I kept waiting for things to make sense. There is no reason or method for madness. <br /> <br /> Cusack considers the "spiritual successor" of Grosse Point Blank. For example, the war is more or less a knock-off. We see Cusack again as a killer who protects * the spoiler * the person who is supposed to kill while grabbing his conscience. To be honest, John Cusack seems a little believable, eliminating half a dozen boys with relative ease. Short fights look good. The rest of the film no. It's all eccentric, often at the edge of the bizarre. War Inc isn't funny enough to be a parody, and too lively for anyone to even think about what the movie's message might be, which I suppose may be the carefree way corporations, like the war factions, compete and design without a drop of consideration given to how they affect average citizens. Interesting, but the satire does not work because it is not funny and in his heart the film has no heart. We should absolutely not care how the war affects a character's Cusack shell, rather than the millions of lives separated by the war. John Cusack gives a decent performance. His character snorts shots of hot sauce and drives the smallest private plane, but the oddities are intended to replace the character traits. Marisa Tomei is staggering as the journalist of the romantic sidekick. There really isn't a lot of chemistry between them. Hilary Duff tries a Russian accent and doesn't make a fool of herself. Joan Cusack just screams and moans. Blech. Ben Kingsley may have to return the Oscar if he does not start distributing a decent performance from time to time. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> It's not a terrible movie, but in the end you have to ask "War, what's the use?" Absolutely nothing. C-
