Contains spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson has made some excellent films, in particular "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear", but "Country Dance" is one of his most curious offerings. The story is set among the upper classes of rural Scotland, and describes the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister Hilary and the alien husband of Hilary, Douglas, who hopes for a reconciliation with her. We learn that during his career as an army officer, Charles was regarded as a "low moral fiber". This seems to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film he shows an attitude of sad disillusionment with the world, and his main sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and her bottle of whiskey. The film ends with his commitment to an upper-class madhouse. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was, when he was at his best as in "Lawrence of Arabia", one of the main actors of Great Britain, but the quality of his work was very irregular, and "Country Dance "is not one of his best films. Twitches frantically, turning Charles into a caricature of a useless aristocrat intact, as if he were auditioning for a part in Monty Python's "Twit of the Year" sketch. Susannah York in the role of Hilary and Michael Craig in the role of Douglas are rather better, but in the film there are no truly exceptional acting performances. There is also little in terms of a coherent plot, beyond the story of Charles's inexorable downward slide. <br /> <br /> The main problem of the film, however, is neither the acting nor the plot, but rather that of the Theme that does not say its name. There are uncertain hints of an incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least an incestuous attraction to her from her, and that her dislike for Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the sixties and early seventies (the date of the film is variously given both in 1969 and 1970) there was a limit to what the British Board of Film Censors was willing to allow, and a film with a explicitly incestuous theme was definitely off-limits. (The American title for the film was "Brotherly Love", but it wasn't used in Britain, was it too suggestive for the BBFC?) These suggestions are therefore never developed and we never see what motivates Charles or what caused the its moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole in the middle. 4/10
