If you rent a movie called "Exterminators of the Year 3000", the odds are good, you know what you're identifying with. I myself have been sold by the promising descriptions of "mutant nuke", "motor-psychos" and of course the "exterminators" who, according to the back of the cinema case, are all jumping on a post-apocalyptic barren wasteland that triggers every sort of chaos. Let the weird hijinks and low budget antics - at least, these were my hopes for this "movie". <br /> <br /> Now I like the occasional terrible movie, and if you are reading the comments on Exterminators of the year 3000, you probably will too. That said, I rated this film as a solid "1 (horrible)" - not because I completely hated the film, but because it's one of the most tremendously legitimate efforts to make the film I've ever seen. Dialogue, acting, cinematography, sound editing, editing in general, the plot, etc. Etc. They are all worthy of what must be the expectations of the spectators because of the wonderful title. <Br /> <br /> So what's really "good" in this bad movie? It has many of what my circle affectionately calls "quality killings". A killing of quality, for those not familiar with the phrase, is not a difficult and fast term, but in general refers to someone killed in a particularly gruesome, creative or ridiculous way. <br /> <br /> Exterminators of the year 3000 also have a good offer of "dialogue-so-bad-becomes-fun", supplied largely by Crazy Bull, the aptly named leader of the unfortunate motor-psycho gang - which also provides quality kills (if you're hoping for great things from nuclear mutants, think again, they play practically zero in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull, however, is all you could want in a b-movie motor-psycho. The Shakespearean paraphrase and the strangely PG style insults are all you can say ... and it's fantastic. <br /> <br /> In spite of its quality it kills and bad dialogue, however, if you are looking for a really funny villain The movie, Exterminator of the year 3000, disappoints a bit because with its draw limited to things like stupid and outdated special effects, quality killings and wrong dialogues, there simply isn't enough to justify a full-length feature, mainly due to the forty minutes. or so in which the public is forced to follow the characters in prolonged and boring "chases" of cars and long sequences of excursions in the desert ... All in all, a beautiful horrible film, but hello, it is not Death Race 2000.
