Jeffrey Combs is a mad scientist whose stem cell research has turned into a diabolical scheme to create a humanoid form of hybrid hammerhead shark, hoping to breed a new species using Hunter Tylo's womb. Tylo and Forsythe are two of the businessmen Arthur will not be easy for Tylo is a very tough girl and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, has no intention of leaving her without a fight. <br /> <br /> Employees of Roberts, brilliant minds who meet Combs (.. a scientist who once worked for Roberts, and whose vacant position went to Tylo) in his island fortress where he conducts his research and experiments. This island offers him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "child". They think it's a professional affair regarding a breakthrough in stem cell research that could lead to cures for a variety of diseases. Combs' son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to perform his insane science on him, creating this blood-and-meat-eaten creature that can swim and walk on land (.. although, at the beginning, the hammer could only stay out for short periods of time). Tylo was dating Combs' son, hence the connection as well as the two who had worked for Roberts, who carries his trophy wife Mariya Ignatova with him. Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova are also their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. The combs trap them in a conference room, but they are able to escape to the island while sending them behind its well-paid mercenaries and its hammerhead shark. <br /> <br /> Like similar creatures of the sci-fi channel of its kind, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some rather unpleasant computer-generated effects and attacks (.. where the shark tears its limbs) are shot in a format fast and frenetic camera in which you can't see any of the consequent bloody massacres. You have this vague notion that a person is eaten (... torn to shreds), but the attacks themselves are shot very irregularly which, to tell the truth, is rather exasperating. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, only momentary glimpses of an eye or part of the body being gnawed while the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see the teeth. We get CGI shots of the hammerhead shark swimming towards the screen, all threatening, ready to feast on meat. A constant while the victims (.. and after) are attacked, we see a large amount of blood and bits of meat that boil on the surface of the water (.. this is the main inspiration of the director Michael Oblowitz to inform the viewer that those who have been torn apart are passed off). <br /> <br /> The combs do not represent a new terrain like the scientist, but he has always had the ability to transmit a quiet madness under this cold-blooded determination. It is fun to see Forsythe in a rare role as a clean hero, very much against the type of an electronic wizard (.. to his credit, actually he takes it off) who must take a leadership position when the group faces an unprecedented danger . Tylo also has a very different role, a scientist who can defend himself quite well. Roberts can play the role of a millionaire business man in his sleep, and it is clean enough to see him shoot a machine gun at Combs' soldiers (... even if his fate is not pleasant). Mentioning it, it was also a lot of fun to watch Forythe and Tylo knocking down the killers hired by Combs with confiscated automatic machine guns. As expected, the script allows those who created the killer devil to put themselves in unnecessary danger just to be able to pay for their sins .. I mean, seriously, these people would consciously leave themselves vulnerable to attack after seeing only what damage they human anatomy what could he do? The beautiful exotic setting is a nice background.
