Where the hell are all these unexplored islands where the prehistoric monsters are hiding, the bad doctors perform their experiments, the fools hold the highest karate league and the ultra rich sports human hunters? I had no idea that there were still so many unexplored islands out there, but if you take into account the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a place, you should assume that there are at least 50 of these suckers out there. You always end up feeling so damn convenient and I immediately deduce the points from any movie that uses this hacked device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is conducting experiments on one of these unexplored islands, so the film already had a lot to recover before it even started. <br /> <br /> The island in this film was used to belongs to Dr. Moreau, but was recently bought by the same Re-Animator, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some sort of cutting-edge stem cell research, which led him to start working with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If this sounds familiar, it is because this is more or less the same basic set-up as the complex of intelligent sharks in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a series of other Nu Image films. Apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer and this prompted our crazy doctor to start experimenting on his progeny. He did some sort of super-imaginative genetic espionage and so on, turning his son into a shark. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a team of unknown actors on the island to examine the doctor's experiments. If someone had given him a sailor's hat, William would have been a camper van dead for the skipper from Gilligan's Island. In the typical fashion of Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders would be a nice friend for his son. Not friends, like friends ... friends, like shark food. Then enter the shark-boy who starts chasing the skipper and his cohorts throughout the island. Obviously, they try to escape reluctantly and get hindered over and over again while being chased by a guy with a shark rubber suit. <br /> <br /> The film has not recovered any of the points it has lost for having taken place in one of those deserted and desolate islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why do you hit your head with a hammer? Because it's so nice when you stop. It is practically like this film is. The only reason to watch it is because it's so beautiful when it's over.
