The "impertinent" misadventures of four au pairs arriving in London the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, a Danish girl, a German girl and a Chinese girl. The story makes sure to get everyone's clothes off, involve them in a Carry On type humor and pair them with various misfits of British film and television culture of the time, including the Man star About the House Richard O'Sullivan, the future Coronation Street villain Johnny Briggs and the brave horror film Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheikh). There is a rather high amount of female nudity on display, for those who like this kind of thing (but of course nothing hardcore). <br /> <br /> Much of the film is rather thin and irrelevant; the girls are stereotypes, and the German Anita suffers in particular from a sort of infantilizing disorder - she is a moron obsessed with color TV who acts as a kind of child and uninhibited clothes to deliberately show her private parts; in another more serious film, it would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting section of the film involves the Swedish girl who is taken to a London club where some dark guys still try to swing, seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing her virginity and realizing that the scene is not for her. These sequences have a little energy in them and indicate a more intriguing film than the one we ended up with, in which the promiscuity and scum of the music world and the upper classes live soulless and deaf lives (there is a beautiful turn of John Standing as impotent roué public school). The strangest of stories has the Chinese girl (the future veteran of the cannabis film Me Me Lay) who makes her child employer a piano prodigy, falling in love with each other and then coming out in the middle of the night for no good reason, except for a few Orientalist notion that "Chinese birds are inscrutable, aren't they!" The film is rather humiliating for its female characters and there is a smattering of homophobia in the dialogue and in one of its characterizations. The end is surprising, since the sheikh of Mayne without earthly reason (except that they have to finish the film somehow) takes away all the girls in his Arab kingdom for what seems to the whole world as a future in the white slave trade, that they are all very happy. <br /> <br /> Stuff and nonsense for the most part then, but directed with a fair amount of skill by the veteran Val Guest, who puts it as a piece of film - making a notch above most movies by Brit sexploitation of the 70s.
