I took this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I hadn't heard much about it; only that it was a fast-paced, digitally turned thriller with a very low budget. I was hoping to capture the next great Brit-Flick. But I must say that I was deeply disappointed. "This Is Not A Love Song" follows two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and murdering the daughter of a farmer, get involved in a deadly cat and mouse game when the locals decide to take control of the situation and hunt them down . <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of substance style in a British film. Camera angles and assembly are completely at odds with the story, as are top performance and terrifying use of slow motion, which only serves to make everything look like an expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to give the film a sharp and gritty appearance, which instead is exhilarating and exaggerated (Cue a pathetic mandatory drug scene and innumerable useless photographic zoom). No amount of clichés like this can hide the fact that this is a bad story. <br /> <br /> We have already seen this kind of thing many times and done a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's "Liberation" master. But while in this last film we really cared about the characters, in this film I found myself wishing that they were hunted and killed as quickly as possible. Even this would not have been so bad if their opponents had been scary or useful, but instead, they are simply a collection of stereotyped country-stars, with an innate appearance. Again, another offensive and abused 'cliché is coming to the fore. Surely there are good people in the country, the directors? <br /> <br /> In his defense, "This Is Not A Love Song" contains a couple of good and suspenseful moments, but it's hard to see this movie doing anything other than going directly to the video or, in a moment, getting a very limited film version. It is not a patch on last year's Low for Budget film, set in the hills, "Dog soldiers". Perhaps British cinema could really recover if the right money stopped going to the wrong people.
