To understand where this 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN comes from, think of this: its final number is sung by Barbra Streisand in a first minute of seven minutes and forty seconds, followed by another Ms freeze frame two minutes and half. Streisand - hit a Christ-like pose - behind the credits. Over ten uninterrupted minutes of the characteristic dead center of Barbra, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. It could just be a sort of movie record. <br /> <br /> Or think about this: the plot of this musical revolves around a love story between two musical superstars, yet, while Streisand's songs are performed in their entirety - including the endless ending - his costar Kris Kristofferson is not allowed to complete even a single song he plays. Nor, even if she lets him contribute a little back to a pair of her tits, they actually do a duet. <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears in the titles at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and his wardrobe (from his closet) - and she would also presumably wanted, but he was also unable to obtain co-directing credit. One of his credits was as an executive producer, with a credit to the producer who went to his then-boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand has checked the final cut of the film, which explains why he is so obsessed with tilting the film in his direction. What he doesn't explain is why, given all the opportunities to make The Great Diva look good, their efforts only make Streisand look bad. Although this was one of Streisand's biggest box office hits, it's probably his worst film and contains his worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, moving the melodrama from Hollywood to the world of sex-drugs-and-rock'n'roll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the street of celebrity, who shares for a while 'the fast lane with John Norman Howard of Kristofferson, a hard rocker who heads for the exit ramp for Has-beenville. In previous incarnations of history, "Norman Maine" sacrifices his career as a leader to help the newcomer "Vicky Lester" achieve his success. In the feminists of the seventies, Streisand & Co. want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man, so the trajectory is distorted; he will succeed with or without him and is practically near the end of scene one; it is a weight that must bear in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the protagonist not only tougher, but almost ruthless, while her lover comes out as a besieged idiot. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson goes through the film with a credible indifference to the Material; making a small attempt to give much of a performance, and strangely serves his character aimlessly and without words. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show a single moment of honesty in all his time on the screen. Everything he does seems, if not too tried, at least too controlled. Even its apparent advertisements seem premeditated embarrassment and its moments of allegedly coldly mechanical hysteria. The two have no chemistry, making the central love affair absolutely incredible. You could assume that her character sees her as a symbol of her youth and innocence fade away, even though at 34, Streisand doesn't seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction that could offer you is that you can use it as a faster route to celebrity. And, indeed, if the film had the courage to reproduce the material in that way, to make the character of Streisand openly play a bad exploiter, the film could have had a spark and perhaps a reason to exist. <br /> <br /> But I imagine the filmmakers see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they don't seem to be aware of how cold-blooded they are. But sensitivity is not one of the film's strengths: to notice the little joke of giving Barbra two African-American singers, only in this way can the film indulge in lame racism to call the trio The Oreos. And the film very much emphasizes the fact that Esther retains her ethnic identity using her name of Hoffman, yet the filmmakers have changed the name of the character from the previous films of "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand is not burdened by a too Jewish name or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The behind the scenes of stabs and slander that led to the release of the film is almost legendary, so the fact that the film seemed so polished is remarkable. Nominal director Frank Pierson appears to have delivered the raw material for a good film, with the considerable help of cinematographer Robert Surtees. And the film had its purpose, producing an album of discrete soundtracks (including the Oscar "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). But overall the film turned out to be the only thing Streisand claimed he didn't want it to be, a vanity project.
