I think, deep in the darkest and most thin part of their hearts, everyone likes Jerry Springer a little. While his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us the chance to see that, relatively speaking, many of us do it really well. When you watch the trailer park livin ', the drinking dollar whiskey, incest you love people on the Springer show, it makes your day look worse than a walk in the park. Jerry is doing a public service and we should be grateful. He abandoned a political career to host the show, just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful in any way is the "Ringmaster" garbage movie piece. "Ringmaster" shows what life is like for people who end up being guests on the show, or so they would like us to think. The film follows the prerequisite of Springer's plot: the love triangles. A triangle involves Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other involves Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two unfortunate groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives intertwine and collide head-on, all culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It is as if "Short Cuts" were if Robert Altman had a serious crack habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is loyal to the show, since it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy not to live in the squalor of his characters. But the film has a problem. It's advertised as a comedy, but it's not very funny. The laughter that must be had is few and far between. Perhaps some people look at him and laugh non-stop. If you think blowjobs and rapes are fun, then I guess you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the film in total amazement at the distressing horrors of white junk life. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer Show is not intended to make the jump from TV to the silver screen. What is fun in a one-hour show (less, when you count the commercials) will not necessarily be fun in a ninety-minute movie. Movies must tell a story, and that's another thing "Ringmaster" has problems with. History is worn out. There are so many holes in the plot and errors of continuity that any attempt to tell a cohesive narrative is quickly questioned. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun can you make out of a story of stereotyped people in a stereotyped story? Even the Hollywood formula could not make it better. "Ringmaster: it's so bad, it spoils even the best part of the Springer show: the Final Thought. Somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show ended up blowing stronger than the slutty women that the movie is built around. /> <br /> The worst criminal in all this is Springer himself: he's such a bad actor that he can't even interpret convincingly Watching Springer playing Springer is sad, it's like he's going for a 'What if Woody Allen played the atmosphere of Jerry Springer and failed miserably, he took the trouble to produce this disaster, the least he could do is try to make it even more beautiful. <br /> <br /> Not that I Saying that all the others in this film have been awarded a show worthy of the show, just the opposite, they all suck. Not surprisingly, no one in this film went so well, the best was Molly Hagan who found a sitcom job. Nick elodeon: Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman who starred in the meanest film of the 9th to act in a children's program. It makes you wonder what kind of things other adults on that channel have done in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without respect for themselves and a man with money to burn, who met and put together their resources to produce a film that shows how much they hate each other and how little they think about the intelligence of the public that sees them. Should we accept people who make films that treat us like lumps of goo severely damaged by the brain? I say no. Somewhere out there, in this crazy and confused world, there's a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep looking for it. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look at "Ringmaster".
