I can't say "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The film would be better if it were, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) interested me enough to hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked at my watch and found that only 90 minutes had passed. It looked much more like years. It is an endless repetition of poor people, (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe), they fuck each other, hit each other, insult each other and then repeat the process with the same attention to the duty that all of us we use when shampooing. The plot, which relates to the way a group of stupid people manipulates their lives badly enough to provide grist to the mill of Jerry Springer, advances solely due to the idiocy of the characters. This makes it impossible to worry about what happens to them. I never cared if they entered the show, or what they said, or who slept with whom. Maybe I shouldn't worry about them. Maybe I should consider them as a kind of comic type ... to see their outrageous behavior as intrinsically funny. Too bad it isn't. Humor is not scandalous. It is harmless. It is predictable. Humor must have something behind it, a kind of painful irony or life experience, in order to work. Scatology is not wit. An example. A mother takes her daughter and her husband to bed. To take revenge he marches through the trailer park and has his daughter's boyfriend oral sex. Since overcoming the shock of the Jerry Springer show a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had with the obscene rhymes by Andrew Dice Clay; don't laugh, just yawning. Finally, I found Springer's pose as a strenuous and unconvincing populist. If he really was a defender of the poor, he would have taken a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise his children in New York for $ 12,000 a year. Or, failing that, he would have at least given the participants of his shows a cut in his profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his film, his book and his videos. Your guests only get round-trip air fares, hotel accommodations and a chance to humiliate yourself. If he liked poor people so much, he would give them at least some of the money they earned for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this film to gain some legitimacy. Man, with all his good work, you'd think he'd already earned our respect. However, the film is weak and boring. It can't even be offensive. If you want to spend a better evening, record a zapper for one night and then watch it.
