The Vampire Bat is set in the small German village of Klineschloss where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) holds a meeting with the local police inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) on all the recent murders, six victims have been discovered many weeks all drained of blood and with the same two puncture wounds on the neck. Brettschneider does not have a single clue, but the superstitious elders of the village believe that the deaths are the work of a Vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but the frightened inhabitants continue to tell stories of seeing a large bat, meanwhile the last victim Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) has been found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to resolve the murders but can he really believe that a giant Vampire Bat is responsible and if it is how he will stop? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was a cheap man from Majestic Pictures to collect the success of his two stars Atwill & Wray and their success in previous years Doctor X (1932) and is more than a murder rather than a horror like the exploitative and seductive title could have led you to believe and frankly it is rather boring. The script of Edward T. Lowe Jr. takes itself rather seriously and sets the basic story that something is killing local villagers and that something could be a Vampire, so for most of the duration of the film focuses on Brettschneider and his incompetent investigations that are, not to say too much, boring. The Vampire Bat also has a bit of an identity crisis as it doesn't know what it wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie, while most could easily be described as a thriller with the last few minutes fooling into a silly fool. There is no Vampire Bat, the attempts to deceive you are pathetic, all the stereotypes of the character are wide and you can tell the villain of the piece immediately and overall there is nothing particularly exciting or funny in The Vampire Bat. I know it's old but it's not an excuse since the cinema has moved a lot since 1933 and a bland, flat, boring, boring and misleading film like The Vampire Bat isn't cut these days, just look at the original Kong King (1933 ) published the same year and how brilliantly it still stands today. I didn't like it and I doubt that even many modern viewers would do it, it's simple and simple. <br /> <br /> The director Strayer does nothing special, but this is a case where I can cut the film a little because of his age, as a whole it's pretty much a point, shoot and I hope for the better things. There is not much in the way of atmosphere or fear, although some of the sets that were already present taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European set on their back-back are cute and add a certain environment to things. <br /> <br /> Technically The Vampire Bat cannot be compared to anything even remotely modern, because the age of it is fine, I suppose, but again I draw your attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, the star Fay Wray has a role in this, as the horror icon Lionel Atwill, I will be kind and say that acting is OK. <br /> <br /> The Vampire Bat I imagine fooling a lot of people think it's a Vampire Bats horror movie when it really isn't, I personally thought the whole thing was a little boring. It's short and tells his story pretty well, but I have to admit that I'm not a fan.
