At the beginning of this film, director Mary Harron apparently aimed to clearly document the progress of Bettie Page's career, from the first model days to the model to return home after Senate hearings on juvenile delinquency and its rediscovery religious in the 1950s, and is so keen to show all these facts on screen in the time allotted to her, which seems not to have taken the time to explain something in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who has had Page's career, I think there would be a lot to discuss, his reasons, decisions, life events, personal traumas, but Harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes or so of the film there are brief indications of child abuse, domestic violence and gang rapes, but these have all passed in a hurry and then never again reported. You have the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to fly over anything that was not glamorous and flattering. Enter this movie waiting to get an idea of ​​who the person behind the posters was, but all that is given to you is a list of things he did and the creation of some of his most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> All in all, the film really frustrates you as you look, desperately waiting for another level to reveal itself. How did you balance your religion with your work? What made this young Tennessee girl move from modeling to bondage photography. The film simply shows that she is going to another modeling agency and is putting everything she is told, but surely it would have involved some shock and deliberation, this was after the 1950s. <br /> <br /> It seems to me that Harron is trying to figure out how all is up to today's standards (Page has never taken pictures of explicit sexual actions) and how the reaction some have given to this sort of thing was really over zealous And even if this is true, she does not actually make him look sordid in the eyes of others. Today we look at a girl who poses topless and doesn't think about anything, but we should have a sort of feeling of how shocking it would have been for a contemporary audience. This woman was a central part of a Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one was ever really shown as shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically I left this film thinking about how tame it was. Harron and Turner managed to avoid anything that could be unpleasant for a spectator. They come across two fans for the life of Miss Page and try desperately to prevent anything, absolutely nothing, from putting their heroine in a bad light, and they avoided investigating who she really was. (Before and after his career there are reports on his violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is the series of events that constituted his career, without any substance behind it.
