On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old woman, a bit stocky, was tried for the attempted murder of Leonie Haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died and had agreed to welcome a tenant who arrived via a housing authority for the elderly . Haddad was not informed that his new tenant, in fact, had just emerged from Patton's state psychiatric hospital, where she had been imprisoned for an inexplicable knife attack on a married couple three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotten in Denmark" when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder that recited the "seven gods" prophecies. Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when he awoke to find his tenant sitting astride his chest holding a bread knife that announced "God inspired me to kill you". Haddad was able to knock out his attacker with a phone, but not before he lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations on his face and chest. It was a miracle that it survived. The tenant was found innocent because of the madness, but sent, kicking and screaming, back to the ridiculous academy. Ten years later she was released and discovered that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on his innocent victims, but for his 25-year-old incarnation when she was known as the "Queen of the Curve", "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World" - the Notorious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, mainly known for "American Psycho", takes us back to the glory days of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played pretty well by Gretchen Mol) that inadvertently wrote the blue print for fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comics to catwalks. T.N.B.P is an entertaining tour of the day through an evocative representation of the 50s, where Page, with the family help of good boyfriends and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket-sized men's notebooks with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her true dream of cinematographic celebrity escapes her and a contact with the authorities for the accusations of obscenity in 1957 is the incident of incitement that leads her to withdraw from modeling and give herself to God. The general style of the film is light and fluffy and it darkens only momentarily with an allusion to the incestuous attentions of his father and to a sexual aggression that inexplicably seems to have no visible effect on her. Mol interprets Page as it seems in her photographs, happy, carefree and funny - even slavery shots betray little more than a simple humorous incomprehensibility. The film ends in upbeat with Page that happily distributes Bibles in a park without any indication of the unhappy marriages of real life, personal tragedy and the murderous madness that lay before her; avoiding what I think is the essential core of the story of Page - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> Released from a decade of prison, Page discovered that his cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and had become a huge underground icon, during which many asked "whatever it is succeeded Bettie Pagina ". His "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fires of any number of conspiracy theories, adding only the charm of his legend. When the world's media finally reached it, it left no trace of its darkest past and soon released interviews for magazines, TV and was photographed at Playboy parties with the likes of Pamela Anderson and the equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. He discovered that he was now more famous than he was in his "glory years", but in the glow of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the whole story came to light. <br /> <br /> The only thing known about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they left the part when it became really famous.
