"The 700 Club" must be the single biggest TV show in the history of television itself. To make matters worse, it's aired since 1966, which implies that thousands, if not millions, of people are buying his hatred and lies. Directed by Pat Robertson, the unscrupulous and megalomaniac founder, leader of the Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" takes us from misinformation to misunderstanding, transmitting "news" as they like to think so and trying to convince his audience that all the problems of the world are to blame on homosexuals, Wiccan, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and anyone else who does not share their fanatical religious views . Actually it's the best fake news from "The Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" of "Saturday Night Live", or from "FOX News", for that matter. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes all the decisions, saying what comes to mind and doesn't give a damn about what he offends or hurts. In the meantime, he continues his part in the struggle to transform the United States into a militarized police state by ensuring that the wrong religious make their nose in everything they can and ask for one donation after another - no less than a paltry one $ 100 to become a member, by the way - to finance Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies scolded by the government in the past for their environmental abuse. No, it doesn't matter that Pat was a good friend of the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire this wealth; it's all for the greatest glory of God, don't you know? And, of course, the "700 Club" hosts are always willing to read the letters "written by viewers" as they like to put them, all randomly typed in the same format and all on the same color as the supposedly healed "viewers" card from various afflictions on the part of the aforementioned guests (they claim to have "words of knowledge" that come from them) but that NEVER APPEARS on the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can you take a show seriously when you are using a poor record of applause? It should make people wonder why there is no audience in the studio. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that the cronies and viewers of Pat do not realize or simply do not want to realize are the horrible things they did and said. This is a man who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the US terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 were the result of God punishing us for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, considering that Pat has twice publicly called for the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have no doubt that his wealth prevented him from being arrested for such statements. His inventions against homosexuals, single mothers and any number of sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, considering that he was known to attend a number of brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, being fruitful and multiplying, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there are probably a number of children born to Korean mothers. Then, of course, there was a time when he asked for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget the time when this "crusader for human life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" on his part, wouldn't you say? <br /> <br /> And in case Pat forgot, I did not forget his little speech that evangelical Christians today "are treated exactly like the Jews were in Nazi Germany." Honestly, compare your "situation" to Holocaust horrors is almost unforgivable. By the way, do I have to mention the way in which he blatantly lied that homosexuality has spread among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted against homosexuals in the same way they acted towards Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If it were Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe him every day. This is your alarm bell, folks; "The 700 Club" is one of the most if not the single most vile program in the history of television. It is evil disguised as good; it is wolf-in-the-sheep's clothing. It's a bigoted dirt that tries to look clean, pretty and loving. It is living proof that hateful and dangerous religious opinions are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that it goes against everything that Jesus taught, and if Jesus were to appear in this "club", he would not emulate them. Instead, he punished them as the Pharisees of his time did and overturned the bins of their teleters as he did before the synagogue in his day. All I can say is thank God that Pat did not have the chance to become president; if he did, he would be the precursor of Armageddon - and not on the side of good boys.
