I don't think there has ever been a more wicked or evil television program broadcast in the United States like The 700 Club. They are today's equivalent of the 20th century Ku Klux Klan. Their hatred for all that is good and sweet and human and pure is beyond all comprehension. Their constant daily attacks against millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of humans around the world, who do not share their bigoted, cruel, monstrous and completely insane view of humanity is beyond anything television has ever seen. The lies they throw and the ridiculous lies they try to convey as truth, like the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "the devil" is so absurd as to seem really mentally ill , so lost are in their imagination. Healthy people know that religion is a drug and should not let themselves become addicted to that kind of fantasy. However, the 700 Club is in a class by itself. I'm really a cult. While I believe in freedom of speech, they spread hatred, lies, misinformation and such fantastic ideas go beyond all limits. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will finally consider the study of those people who delude themselves in this way, people who let themselves be sunk so deeply into the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality. Treatment for these afflicted individuals is absolutely necessary in this country, since so many people have completely lost their heads in the fantasy of religion. The 700 Club, however, is even more horrible as it reaches the legal definition of "cult", but due to the vast wealth of the 700 Club (taken into consideration daily by the millions of Americans stranded in their deceptive grip) they are above the law in this country. For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix", you know that the film was a metaphor for religion on earth: the wicked who are at the top of each of the religions that drain those who have trapped and cruelly abusing their goals selfish, and those millions who are held in a death sleep and are slowly drained of their life force represent those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really happening around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilized times, good citizens would have handled such monsters as those associated with the 700 Club out of town with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world where people have lost all choice in their television choices that are presented to them, we have no way of getting rid of the plague of the 700 Club. <br /> <br /> The TV rating system and the chip "V" on TV should also have a classification called "R" for religion, so that rational people and interested parents can easily shield this vile intellectual and brutal emotional rape, as presented by The 700 Club every day throughout our country, by themselves and their children.
