It's been years since Don Wilson used his experience in martial arts to bring down a robot programmed to destroy him, he is also married to the blond reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, now a new conspiracy is in jobs, one that involves similar droids that frame our two heroes, and a corporation that seeks to rule the world (there is no plot to support this) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first film. I admit that I bought DVDs from PM's business container, PM was a company specializing in low-cost action films (like this one) that had tons of explosions, a small story and nothing in general but a sharp action. Some of these titles were (moderately) amusing (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), however Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is blocked by the casting of the charisma without Don Wilson. Comparing the protagonists of similar PM efforts, both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar candidates compared to Don Wilson. Another significant sign is that this was directed by Richard Pepin who does not have the talent that Joseph Merhi seems to have in creating action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. So even if both Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to get. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a rip-off with a capitol R, there are so many stolen from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier even on Halloween III!) Which is almost as if Richard Pepin is trying to instill a sense of identity to the pawn material without the clever ideas or at least the senseless big-action zip, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls to the ground. There is literally no good idea that it is not borrowed from a better movie and the supporting cast exaggerate. The only exception comes from Tony Burton who is miles better than the material. Even Stacie Foster looks like it could be better with far better material. However Cyber ​​Tracker 2 stands out mainly as noisy, tasteless and lackluster as the protagonist, but without resorting to real sequences of martial arts, all there is, is a lot of machines that spill and this alone it cannot replace the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 on 4 (Poor)
