When they killed the character of John Amos they killed the show. It was the vital part of the information structure. You had the story of a family from an inner city struggling to make it the best way they knew. They were poor, they were black and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family that nothing is too difficult. Of course, James would have lost jobs and JJ would have failed at school, but the family has always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male model who earned his income and disciplined children. Florida was the strong woman who would include everyone, including James, when he needed a shoulder to cry or hug him for it. Children had personalities and inputs that made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor Willona was also a key element because he represented not only a friend but also a loved one enough to be a family. Things were bright, gritty, fun and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still a mom, Thelma was turning into a lady and Michael was still the militant dwarf but JJ was the show. It was expected that we would believe that the fatherless family or the one who would reward the bread could stay in the apartment. I guess James's salary didn't do much for the family. They were only threatened with eviction because they said they were moving and not because nobody in the house was working. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael have finally found a job, but come here for real. James worked so hard you could try for him, but the others weren't realistic at all and that's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was the comic relief, but I heard that the show needs substance. It's okay to be fun but they had the chance to show a real family and what they needed to survive in the real world and they threw everything away on some laughter. Michael's character has almost disappeared while the rest of the cast slipped into the shadow of JJ Evan's show. I mean really, here was a guy who was failing at school, he continued to get fired, and he painted for money in about two episodes. James had always been there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family didn't seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did it take so long to understand that painting was what he had to do? He could sell painting on the street or work for people who printed posters and postcards. (He did but something went wrong.) Why didn't he make it and why others gave up their dreams? I'll tell you why, it's because they didn't have a father in their lives to care for and cheer up and their mother stopped being them to support their dreams. The show stopped teaching us how to grow, build and learn and started teaching us tricks and phrases. They should have kept James. If any show needed a father, it was that.
