What we have here is a classic case of TOO patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small town with a very small film history (almost nothing, not even). Every time someone comes out with a slightly more ambitious film project ?? apart from the usual dramas about struggling peasant families or feature films feature films by local comedians ?? everyone feels obliged to love him and even spread favorable reviews across country borders. This is especially true when the writer / director of this particular film is already a lover of the nation, because he is also the founder and singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is not a bad film at all, but it is certainly overrated (if this is possible even within the confines of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even remotely original to offer. This is basically the Flemish version of classic films like "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily lives seem initially unrelated but eventually come together. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but little by little the deeper relationships between them become transparent and almost at the peak come together for a party. The main problem of "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least according to your truth, lies in the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and honestly they don't experience anything that can be considered out of the ordinary. It was probably the intention of the writer / director Tom Barman to represent the average and regular resident of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what's the point? One of the characters is fired from his work as a film projectionist, another is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, two brothers have recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" one of them is followed by the wind wherever he goes. There are a couple of other characters that walk around the screen regularly, but they're also less noteworthy. These people limit themselves to discussing very random topics (such as life in the 80s, dates and minds of the gut) and philosophy on topics that nobody cares about. Some dialogues evoke slight giggles, especially the interactions between the two boys of twenty-one in Ghent, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film actually works better as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an extended and versatile musical documentary. There are several tourist images of Antwerp with style and elegance and there is always a beautiful music that plays, both loud and subtly in the background. In general "Any Way The Wind Blows" is an effort made with style and elegance, but too trivial and a bit boring, and I honestly wonder that most of its fans would have bothered to look if it were not a Flemish production.
