This film was moved, inconsistent and artificial. He was also a portrait of extremely witty women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (which is a trait), and because the cover said that Andie McDowell was stirring a storm. It wasn't. I'm a girl, I saw this movie with two guys, and after an hour we went on to exclaim how bad it was. <br /> <br /> NOTICE: NEXT UNDER THE SITE! SPOILERS RAMPANT! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a fairly trivial plot about an elderly woman who takes herself with a younger man, with the severe disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends. They want her to marry a boring boy of their age who is in love with her. But she's so happy with her overcrowded puppy that you're cheering them off, and sure enough, she decides to marry the boy. But her harpy girlfriend, helped by the sweetened one, prepares a plot to deceive our heroine into thinking that the boy betrays her. It works. He quarreled with him, runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (remember the title of the movie?) So now he's dead, two-thirds of the film. And even though our heroine is a principal who spends her time watching the girls, she seems to have forgotten to use birth control and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> He already broke relations with his girlfriends, because they were so intolerant. Lonely and pitiful, she decides to marry the boring boy. Did I mention that the boring guy who loves her is a minister? She had asked him to marry her with the boy (cute, eh?), But now she tells him he will marry him, and apparently he has no objection to being teased this way. But her friends save her at the altar and take her home, where they don't confess that they were mostly responsible for the sinking love of her life. You have the baby. In the final scene, they leave her in a crib in her house as they go out on the veranda to drink, smoke and be pleased. I'm not kidding, it's so bad. I omitted the part about the red herring of cancer and the ridiculous lesbian moment of the harpy.
