I was almost out, but I had paid my money, and my almost disgusted friend wanted to resist. After the captivating and carefree innocence of "A New Hope" and the gripping refinement of "The Empire Strikes Back", I remember waiting for "Return of the Jedi" with an almost painful expectation. But from the opening scene of this unfathomable commercial sewage, I was bitterly disappointed and angry about Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination undeniably demonstrates that he does not have a subatomic particle of shame in his cold and greedy heart. Episode I would like to continue to reinforce this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please publish the bags for the jury members first). <br /> <br /> From the initial lift of the gate of Jabba tana, this "film" was nothing more than an advertisement of over two hours for as many profitable and redundant action figures in which Lucas could fit: similar guards to a pig, the swelling enchanted by flesh in the flesh, that vile muppet-pet of Jabba, the new figures of recycled cabarets, monsters, etc. etc., ad vomitum. Then there were the disgustingly cute and marketable Ewoks. Stack on top of all the rebel alliance aliens. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less) and only GOTTA children have one for their collection. The brazen, exploitative and financial exaggeration of children is sickening. <br /> <br /> Lucas has not even bothered to invent a new plot - he has just resurrected the Death Star from "A new hope" and has Barca full of economic sentiment. What a horrible slap in the face to his fans. I can't shake the idea that Lucas had a perverse pleasure in inflicting this madness on his fans: "I have these lemmings hooked so badly that I can pull out the worst piece of putrid garbage I could imagine, and they crowd into theaters to do it bursting, also all the children will whine and torture their parents until they buy the kids a complete collection of action figures of every single caricature, caricature, caricature and caricature that I put inside, and I get a cut from every single one, it will make me even more obscenely rich. <br /> <br /> There may have been a meager, partial handful of moments of redemption in this miserable rip-off, I seem to remember that Harrison Ford barely managed to hold his nose above the surface of this cesspool but any small bright spot there may be is massively erased by the offensive commercialism that Lucas has so avidamen embraced you in this total, absolute sell-out to profit.
