Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare begins as a demon of dreams Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood without remembering himself, who he is or why he is there. The local police take him and take him to a youth center where the child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him, finds a newspaper in his pocket that takes the two to Elm Street in Springwood where they discover that children do not live there and therefore no victims for Freddy he kills nobody. It turns out that it is a plan devised by Freddy to find his daughter and use it to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy has in mind and some children decide to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talalay, it was made with the intention of becoming the last A Nightmare in The Elm Street movie that had now reached five years, of course as all horror fans know if there is still money to be made with a franchise or a character, so there is no way to do it. Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare will be the last one which, obviously, was not. The A Nightmare on Elm Street series has been a series of diminishing returns as the films have declined in quality while the series has progressed to here and Freddy Dead: The Final Nightmare which for my money is probably the worst of all. The film moves at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it is so silly, childish and looks like some sort of live cartoon with some horrible horror scenes set at one point that look like a million miles from the original and 80s original by Wes Craven. The sequence in which Spencer is trapped inside a video game played by Freddy is terrible on his own, but then we are treated with shots of his body actually bouncing around the house from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling which is the most ridiculous thing I've seen in a while, or maybe the first scenes in which the boy John Doe falls from an airplane on the ground just like the cartoon character Coyote in Road Runner cartoons or the absurd view of Freddy who Carlos threatened the deaf with a brooch that he intended to fall to the floor to make a loud noise or when he finally killed him by scraping his knives through a blackboard. You can't take it seriously and I was just sitting there not believing what I was seeing. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero is given a special and secret weapon, yes, it's really a pair of 3-D cardboard glasses! The characters are poor, the dialogue is poor and the plot is confusing, it doesn't stick to the continuity of Elm Street and overall the film is a bit confusing, the best thing I can say is that it has quite a bit of involuntary humor and you can certainly laugh about it. <br /> <br /> The film has big tonal problems as it tries to be dark, scary and sinister but it is so silly and simply ridiculous sometimes that any attempt to be serious falls completely flat. There is not much blood in this, there are some cut fingers, some stabs, someone falls on a bed of nails and this is it. The number of bodies is extremely low here with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy Dead: The Final Nightmare were in fact shot in 3-D although the version I saw presented this part as normal, so I can't comment on how well it works or not, but you can definitely see the shots that need to be seen in 3-D that exploit the process. The special effects vary, some are pretty good, while others are terrible and Freddy's burnt make-up this time looks pretty bad. Apparently he had a budget of around $ 5,000,000 (he had a weekend opening box) office take of $ 12,000,000) and the film has some touches and visual gags that make it even more fun than it already is. The acting is really scarce from the main protagonists, even if there are some strange cameos including Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of all series and in addition to some involuntary laughter there is not much to recommend or appreciate. Fans of the series will probably appreciate it and defend it, but to me this is further away from Wes Craven's original classic shock. Followed by New Nightmare (1994) which tried to bring Freddy Krueger and the series in a new, different direction.
