In fact, they don't, but they certainly did when they tried to think of a singular line that adequately summarized how terrible this entry in the series is. There have been some moments that could have been good, but they are mostly offset by their conversion into missed opportunities, and they don't make me start badly. <br /> <br /> The wasted opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll summarize them here in case someone cares. Anyone who has not seen the film and has genuinely given a launch should interrupt the reading at this point. The first, and potentially the biggest, wasted opportunity, was the plot of Freddy's missing son. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddy seems to suffer (and I could hasten to add that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to others, leaving her alone up to this point) is HERITORARY, so why not a slasher of mysterious type? in which the character of Lisa Zane dreams of Freddy killing the boys, only later do we discover that he is actually doing the whole massacre? Does this seem like a good idea for the plot? Obviously he was above the heads of Talalay and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there's the trip to Springfield, where the entire teenage population has been wiped out, and the remaining adults are experiencing a kind of mass psychosis. Strangely, he said that mass psychosis was actually represented in a realistic and convincing way, although this has a good part in the fact that we are never shown too much. There are only rapid visual indications of the massive loss of connection with the reality that would derive from the pain of every young person in the city who dies for reasons beyond comprehension and control. The essential problem with this element of the plot, however, is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would have been much more disturbing with ten minutes of saying ... a sane citizen explaining to these visitors why the Springfield fair looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror films are never noticed for their character development, unless they are the kind of horror films used by John Carpenter, but how should we really worry when the characters that we know almost nothing die? At least Wes Craven took the time to create his characters in the original, and he used some cheap tricks to attract the audience. This, in a nutshell, is probably the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: he doesn't try everything, let it be strong enough. <br /> <br /> On a related note, I feel a bit sorry for Robert Englund, now that he's more or less inextricably linked to Freddy's character. He played much better characters in far better productions (such as the sci-fi miniseries "V"), and to be remembered forever as "the man who played Freddy" is selling it rather short. It never seems to break the patterns of horror movies now. As for the rest of the cast, well, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be permanently typed as little more than level B horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this unscathed, since his character is one of the most childishly written in B-film history. <br /> <br /> All in all, Freddy's Dead gets a 1 of me. I would vote lower, but the IMDb does not allow it. FD is really a testimony of how the inability of a writer to exploit a concept to the highest degree can ruin not only a film, but an entire franchise.
