* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after originally writing my review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that I could have been a little too tough on this movie. That's why I decided I would do something I'd never done before. See the same movie again. Don't get me wrong, I don't like the movie yet, I still think it's crazy, and I still think the zombies don't all look like zombies. In my opinion, the film's plot is still weak and rather lame. The story is about a boy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who is working on a serum that heals diseased cells, in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two aren't exactly the best of terms (my, a point of original plot) and I discuss a lot. One day Germaine is shot in a drive-by shooting, and Rick calls his friend a scientist to bring the serum to try to revive Germaine (while most people would call 911, but whatever), of course the serum fails and Germaine "dies" "(if it had not happened there would have been no film), after the police and the coroner (until the end of time I will still think that maybe the paramedics should have shown up) leaves the scene shows the coroner van (who I still believe it was just a van of someone with a "coroner" decal thrown on the side, and Germaine who was coming back to life to attack and kill the paramedics. see it (and we would not want to do it now?), but suffice it to say that history (at least my opinion) meanders and is rather slow moving (pun intended), as I said in my review, zombies they don't look very much like zombies, I still think they look like they were in a bar fight. This does not mean that everyone should be in decay and anything else, but in any case there should be at least signs of bites on the victims. Furthermore, I still don't like the fact that the director (s) continually accelerates the pace at which the zombies move. They don't really seem to decide whether or not to have zombies run or shamble (like most zombie movies do), don't get me wrong, they're all about running zombies, but make your minds to people. In one scene the zombie runs towards the living, and in the other it is just unlucky towards them. And sometimes they just don't seem credible (yes, I know their fictitious creatures but they are still), obviously I refer to the zombie that runs its hand over the wall as if it were walking through a dark living room, and I still don't do it I like it zombies lying on the ground, he is hit, then jumps as if he had just been hit. Also the sound in the film annoyed me, mainly the music, which, although it may have been just my copy of the film, seemed practically non-existent. Music in a film is important people. Especially when the sound editing seems as if the director had just taken a video camera for friends and shot a small zombie movie. The acting is still atrocious (in my opinion) and is on a par with the American "actors" of the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The film is still bad, almost House of the Dead bad, it's better, no doubt, but again it's not saying much. It's not the worst movie out there, and it's better than a lot of direct video movies that are out there, but by the end of the day it wasn't good. I also think that the film really moves very slowly, despite the fact that it's only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still don't like the opening song). This is the type of film that I think is suitable for previewing on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I have to give this one debacle of a movie one in ten. But think about it this way, at least it's not negative.
