In Vivah, director of Sooraj Barjatya, the boy from Delhi, 20-year-old Shahid Kapur, finds himself struck by the modest and small girl his father chose to marry. Designed for her innocence and simplicity, Shahid accepts the marriage just after he met her at her home in Madhupur, and the young woman in question, Amrita Rao, looks equally paved by her charming suitor. The marriage is set for six months later, and the couple is at the beginning of young and budding love, despite their geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and aunt after the death of her parents, is struck by a horrible calamity a few hours before her marriage. And then, it's up to Shahid to play the honorable lover and embrace her unconditionally. Much in the same way as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new film, Vivah, is also an extremely idealistic family drama premise. Unfortunately, the plot of this new film is too obsolete, even more far-fetched than the regressive ones by Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear ?? you can't relate to such clean characters who don't have bad bones in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Hindi movies, and timing is such an important factor. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps the Vivah plot may not have been felt as such, but today it seems only the product of a mind stuck in a temporal distortion. Perhaps the only thing that saves is the fact that it exudes sincerity from beginning to end, it soon becomes clear that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. By judging both Barjatya's previous films and carefully examining this new film, you can safely declare that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, believes in his golden characters, believes that large families can live happily and happily under the same roof without the slightest shock. But alas, he is not able to translate his vision on the screen. Is it difficult to overlook how one-dimensional his protagonists are? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virginal? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty in the movie. Barjatya may think he is returning to his roots of the Kiya del Kiar of Maine with Vivah, but the truth is that the reason we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in that film, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had a so fantastic chemistry. Because although they were created from the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, those couples had malice and masti. Shahid and Amrita are simply bland and boring. For a film that relies so much on music to tell his story, the director chooses a series of 70s-style songs that further slow the pace of the film. But if I had to choose only one reason to explain why Vivah doesn't work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters that inhabit Barjatya's story. For some perhaps, Vivah will give hope, that a perfect world like this is actually out there somewhere. But I'm a little cynical, I guess. So give me the flirty Madhuri of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the salty Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even take that mischievous Karisma Kapoor of Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these fools. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. This is Vivah!
