If this documentary had not been made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, I would probably have turned it off after the first 15 minutes, as it was an incredibly boring look in a very ordinary American Midwestern city in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of a funny topic and the movie closely resembled a collection of films for the home. Considering that I didn't know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Because it was a rather boring piece of lifestyle documentary, I wondered as I watched what message they were trying to convey? Perhaps it was that the values ​​were not as conservative as one might think - this was a basic message through many of the cartoons (like the Republicans whose son was a substitute for the draft as well as the man and the lady who thought sex to the out of wedlock was fine). Or perhaps the meaning was that there was a lot of bigotry at the base of the beautiful hometown - since many ugly ideas like blaming Jews for financial conspiracies, anti-black bigotry and homophobia were all briefly explored. <br /> <br /> The small town of 1979 was explored in depth and an idyllic world was portrayed, but when the directors returned six years later, the mood was depressing thanks to President Reagan. This seemed very harmless for several reasons. First, the 1979 part was almost 90% of the film and the last 10% consisted of a few interviews with people who blamed the president for almost everything except acne. And the rest of the people of this city? Did they all see Reagan as bad or that their lives had become more negative? With a few updates, it seemed suspicious. Secondly, while it is true that national debt has doubled in the intermediate years, so has the gross national product. And, while Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from that, since the period 1974-1980 showed many deficiencies (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise. Although I'm not a big Reagan fan because the growth of the government has NOT slowed down during his administration, the country, in general, was much more optimistic than it was in the years of Ford and Carter. While many media have demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has improved significantly and the documentary seems very unilateral and driven by the agenda. If the documentary had given more in-depth coverage of 1985 and it didn't seem too negative to be believed (after all, everyone didn't make their lives worse - this escapes common sense), so I might have thought otherwise. /> <br /> Overall, it was not the wonderful documentary that some have proclaimed - from the opaque film of 1979 to an extremely inclined look from 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, it's just me, or the film DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to have been inspired, at least in part, by this film? Both are set in similar communities, but the latter film was a hilarious mockumentary without all the nuances of the series.
