When I started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, the presentation and dialogue convinced me that I was watching something recently, so you can imagine my surprise when I came to IMDb and I read that it was done in 1984. Jim Henson may have closed The Muppet Show when it was at its peak, but spin offs like this and Muppet Babies (which apparently is based on a terrible sequence in this film) are the absolute nadir of all things Muppet. I often wondered why the Muppets attracted such derision from film reviewers like Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad The Muppets Take Manhattan (from now on: TMTM) set me directly on that. Of course, many series have had a huge drop in quality when the third episode arrived: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, even Night Of The Living Dead. So although it's no surprise that TMTM is inferior to The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise lies entirely in that it is much less than the fantastic debut or its slightly lower TMTM follow-up. Not only is the music much less satisfying, the scenes that connect everything together are absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> There are, of course, some really fun and redeeming moments, but they are few and far between. The Swedish chef is very good at every scene he lives in, so he thanks the spirit of small mercies that appears in a sequence in which his eccentricity is maximized. The problem is that there are no scenes that work. The story, as it is, revolves around a Broadway musical that Kermit is trying to produce. He goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the hidden suspicion of the viewer that we've seen all this before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work this time. Charles Durning was the gold of cinema like Doc Hopper, the owner of a fast food chain that wants to exploit Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was dynamite like Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief whom the Muppets have to fight to save Miss Piggy from a life in prison. The saying is that a hero is only as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the size of the two previous films. Charles Grodin also points out what's wrong with TMTM. That is to say, music sucks. The opening number of the Manhattan Melodies shows that it is at the center of TMTM, to put it nicely, it makes the coordinates that now dominate the radio waves seem coordinated. I could simply let my particular sensibility to the sounds of words and sentences come to me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection have inspired tears of joy, not irritation. The great Grodin solo during The Great Muppet Caper, while not having the same resonance, raises the tone of the eight-step film on its own. He is all classy. And if there is one thing that TMTM could use, it is increasing by eight steps in addition to achieving a semblance of class. TMTM also feels severely compressed over time, with the story jumping from one scene to another without any consideration to make sense or cohesion to the story. Maddox himself pointed out that the transition and cohesion make a film look like a coherent whole rather than a mess of pieces put together. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> Although TMTM has its guest stars, they are scarcely used (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or totally out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). Calling it a waste of time for the puppeteer and the actor is an adulation. The absence of an end-of-credit routine is particularly painful here, after Animal's "go home" postscript for the film Muppet in particular. Which highlights another problem. The characters are badly written at their best, without any of their individual whims being seen or heard. The animal sometimes shouts singular words, but they have nothing to do with the plot or the conversation that is happening around him. Say what you want about the scenic pieces designed to show the characters, but think about Animal's moment after eating the pills for instant growth, or his "sowwy" after the accident when he pulled down the window over his fellow Muppets . Now see if you can remember a single memorable moment with an individual Muppet different from the hilarious misunderstanding of the Swedish for the three-dimensional movie that involves popcorn. Abandon? Then you proved my point. <br /> <br /> Given that Labyrinth, one of the best and most timeless products of the Henson company outside the Muppets, arrived two years later, it makes TMTM even more disconcerting. Perhaps this failure to ignite has convinced Jim Henson to rethink his strategy regarding the development and use of characters. Or maybe the bonfire can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at the time had just finished working with George Lucas on what many would agree is the most childish episode of the original Star Wars saga. The writers were also involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I let them escape for it despite the fact that a script is one of the most essential pieces of a film. Here, too, production has substantially improved, with the Muppets seeming to be able to move in ways that were previously beyond them. If the story and script were better thought out, TMTM could have been at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As it stands now, it is a great answer to the question of whether Muppets writes under the influence, or expel. <br /> <br /> For this reason, I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan a three out of ten. Two to denote its actual quality and a bonus for the Swedish Chef's moments. Without him, this film would be unwatchable.
