The premise and the question of making a criminal realize what his victims went through by capturing his family hostages seems promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting part that was treated even 20 years ago with some subtlety by director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is that director ace Rajkumar Santoshi has found himself in a kind of confusion about making it a fast action thriller (ie Khakee) or a heavy-duty drama full of emotion (Viz. Damini) and this confusion is quite evident in the final result. If we ignore two of his-Pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director has always given us compelling films with a high entertainment value, so this film is a surprise for what he made this script-sensitive director for half of his protagonists - Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman: while the film is running out, the audience didn't know who to hate and who to sympathize with and this factor is the main limiting force in the complete narrative, so what starts as a war between an ordinary man and a hell don ends up as Trange notes of the self-realization and regret on the part of the Don about what went wrong in his own family. The revelation of Don's son as a real villain is not a surprise element in the climax which, compared to a "Khakee" situation, worked so effectively with the character of Aishwarya, but that's not all, c ' it's something else. The life of an infernal Don, operating from abroad, seems quite illogical: his openly landing in Mumbai where he is supposed to be running away and running after his enemies and shooting them by himself does not seem credible. as Aryeman in front of Mr. Bachchan is still not a good idea, but still the film has some more points: the good work by Ashok Mehta, two good fight sequences (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some scenes of Akshay Kumar ben recite in the middle of the moment, Santoshi's fast pace and, of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, strive to bring some vitality into his lifeless character, but together they don't make this vision an exciting experience for you and your family !
