I haven't seen this movie in a while, so I'm afraid I'm not very specific about the details ... It had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt at an animated adaptation of J.R. Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that at some point during production it went bankrupt. Therefore, not only does it stop abruptly somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a sort of nuance of a hint of a sequel that has never been realized), the film itself seems less than finished. It seems that some characters are animated while others have been shot, but it is difficult to tell whether it is intentional or not. The whole thing looks shabby and unmade, especially the Orcs and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, are the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this film, and somehow he hoped to fill a book and a half in just over two hours (Peter Jackson's new trilogy does it about twice that time). Too many important bits have been left out (and I'm not just referring to Tom Bombadil, who, I think, was nice in the book, but it would seem silly in a movie.) And, of course, the ending, which is completely sudden and out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to end the film there, or if he had any idea where it will end. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them were okay. The hobbits don't look so bad (except for gay Sam. Did you know the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make Sam a woman so that there would be a female lead character)? If you're a Tolkien fanatic (like me), watch this film (although I'm not very sure to buy it. What special features does the DVD version have, anyway?) But know in advance that you're not going to see a real 'Lord Of The Rings' Film' but not much of a curiosity historical, which probably does not seem much better than the Beatles' 60s version carried out with their plan (I think a psychedelic LOTR could have been quite interesting. Like Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you didn't read the book or you didn't like it very much or you don't like animated films or don't want to watch a movie in half ... stay away.
