The opening scene of this film establishes the rhythm for the totality of its ninety minutes. The shots are generic, conventional and of television cinematographic quality. The snow-soaked landscape is wonderful, yet the characters with inside have a quality similar to that of looking at a photograph of such a scenario, the overwhelming feeling is that of distance. Some of the editing jobs are of rather high quality and the work of a professional veteran, the dialogue is still clumsy and artificial, having a minimal impact on "real" conversations apparently. Any emotional insight is shifted in favor of the oath, which is obviously the way everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and overwhelming, the general feeling is that of someone dripping cold water over your head, but so slowly that you barely notice it, but in the end you feel pathetic and a little sorry for yourself to be surprised in a situation so incomprehensible. /> <br /> The mixture of genres that the Fessenden apparently tried to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, even if commendable suffers from a severe lack of tension and interesting dialogues. The way in which trio husband, wife and child interact is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships carried out in a disturbing environment have been treated countless times before far superior films, an immediate example of that of The Shining (1980). The family unit here is torn by harmless problems that are difficult to understand or understand considering the relative ambiguity of the script. <br /> <br /> The family unit is barely stalking throughout the film, Fessenden interpreting the possibilities of the narrative thriller in favor of a slow family drama for most of the execution time. The figure of the 'stalker' Otis has few apparent reasons for his behavior and despite being perhaps the most interesting and well interpreted character is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty shells of people who have been extremely difficult to relate to, their relationships between them are particularly devoid of any feeling or feeling. Although the ignorance of Erik's young character for Sullivan by his parents is presumably part of the story, surely any reasonable person would question their child if he had supposedly talked to someone who apparently didn't exist? People can accept this film as intelligent due to the relative lack of conventional aspects of creature-based horror movies, but this film fails to respect any genre you wanted to pigeonhole. You can read deep psychological meanings in every single detail of everything if you should do it but I think people would be better off analyzing their carpet for some deep emotional meaning, rather than these hollow sub-human creations.
