Just in time to capitalize on the long-awaited film version of "Dreamgirls" is the DVD release of this almost forgotten 1976 musical melodrama, which also draws inspiration from Supremes. Released five years before the Broadway opening of "Dreamgirls" and partly set in the same period, it has a predominantly black cast and a story that revolves around a group of emerging girls, and this is where the similarity basically ends. Written by Joel Schumacher well before becoming a major series director of the mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film looks more gritty on the surface. Faithful to form, however, Schumacher weakens the character's plot and development by injecting an abundance of clichés and open jokes. With little affinity for the staging of musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a well-kept film editor but neophyte director, processes the production as a low-budget TV movie with a frustrating episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The plot follows three Harlem sisters - sexy, hypocritical sister Delores and sweet Sparkle - as they sing in the church choir, they meet Stix and Levi, chatty but well-intentioned, and then find their first taste of success as a group of singers - first as a sweater quintet called Hearts and then as a gorgeous trio known as Sister and the Sisters. But of course there are problems besides the silly name of the group: the sister is involved with the drug dealer Satin Struthers who beats her and turns her into a cocaine addict; Levi goes to prison for being caught in a drug withdrawal for Satin; Stix is ​​frustrated by the failure and recklessly turns to some Jewish mobsters for financial help; Delores just gets tired; and poor little Sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants. A big advantage is that the great R & B Curtis Mayfield wrote atmospheric songs, some catchy and a "Look Into Your Heart", a real winner. <br /> <br /> The solid cast does its best in the invented circumstances. Lonette McKee's courageous attempt to make Sister a tragic figure is undercut by some of the messy plot shifts, including a sad turn similar to Billie Holliday at the microphone. Before arriving on TV in the early evening, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood play Stix and Levi with youthful vitality, if not very credibly. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively silent turn as the patient mother of the girls and a "Fame" of first quality Irene Cara that effortlessly exudes sincerity in the role of the protagonist (even if the costume designer and hair stylist should be shot for the horrible appearance she reaches in the final scene). The DVD has just come out with the original movie trailer complete with a greasy dubbing by DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD of five of the film's songs performed not by the original cast but by Aretha Franklin after recording the 1976 soundtrack. It is not a terrible film, only an interesting one if the curiosity that happens to cover the same terrain of "Dreamgirls" is missing.
