Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? Although not the greatest Picasso a three-year-old has ever made with his fingers, you encourage him to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason why a parent should hold him over a child. Generally, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the basics of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive scribbles. Well, this concept of children's graphics is the way I heard the depressing and inexpensive film Bait by Fuqua. While it was a horrible film on all counts, it was impressive to see Fuqua's style begin to emerge even in the most disorganized moments. If you've seen Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be struck by the birth of this director in his second film Bait. While Foxx gives a horrible performance without constraints, there are some scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate its genius behind the camera. Unfortunately it only emerged in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on those scenes, you'll see why Fuqua's name appears on so many "Best Of ??" movie listings. <br /> <br /> I will never disagree with anyone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place a camera in the strangest places to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I am surprised that more than Hollywood has not jumped aboard this bandwagon. Even in the stupid Bait feature, you witness the greatness of Fuqua. Two scenes that come directly to mind are the explosion scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene near the end. In both these scenes I saw the director Fuqua at work. Alas, in the rest of this film, everything I've seen has been a combination of almost all action movies created. The nice hero about his fortune who suddenly finds his life transformed by an unknown force is a classic structure that must only die in Hollywood. We have seen this often, and no matter who you are (unless it is Charlie Kaufmann), it is not possible to recreate the wheel. It is simply impossible with this genus, and is demonstrated with Bait. I was annoyed by Fuqua for just sitting and letting this happen, which could explain why it took me three views to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and while I hoped that Fuqua redefined it, he didn't. <br /> <br /> Then there was the acting. While Jamie Foxx never struck me as an actor, I was willing to try this helmed car. I wanted to see if he could pull off another dramatic role similar to Collateral. I had the impression that perhaps this was the film chosen to show the producers that Foxx could manage the role in Collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was the way his character should be, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx took the time to fully train Foxx on what should be advertised and what should be used for the plot. Instead, we are trampled by the scene on the Foxx scene that is just trying to make the audience laugh. Adding second long lines and declarations of culture just to keep his audience realizing he was a first comedian, a second actor. Fuqua should have stopped him immediately. Foxx's lines destroyed his character, which in turn left me nothing solid to grasp. Instead of character development, he would play a joke. Neither of them worked, no joke was fun. The rest of the cast was average. By this I mean I saw them all in similar roles. They brought nothing back to the table, nothing solid for the story, and nothing substantial for the general themes of the film. They were pawns that filled the dead air space. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports that accusation. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was a sad film. Without creativity in sight and unmanaged actors who are just trying to undermine themselves, what originally started as a decent story, eventually sank faster in cinematic quicksand. Foxx was annoying, with no character lines and a full cheese bag. In every scene I didn't see any emotion, and when the emotion was needed to convey a message, he chose to take off his shirt rather than face the problems. Are my words hard? I don't think so When you watch a movie, you want to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to strike close to home. The bait contained none of these. While I give credit to Fuqua for two of the scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait when I rented this movie, but now that I've seen it, I hope I can prevent others from taking that curious bite. <br /> <br /> Vote: ** out of ***** (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)
