666: The child starts as a plane crashes, the only survivor of Flight 666 was a boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) who is adopted by journalist Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her cameraman husband Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after he covered up the incident for Channel 6 news. At first Donald looks like a normal child but death seems to follow him, after warnings from a Nun & Vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is the evil and the cause of all the deaths ... <br /> <br /> This straight-to-DVD horror film was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and one has to say 666: The Child is really rather poor. Every time I see The Asylum is responsible for a film I worry, I worry a lot because their resume is horrible. They seem to specialize in the production and / or distribution of low-budget horror films, which are usually fished out of some recent horror films of great success and in the case of 666: The Child you don't need a degree in rocketry to realize that it is a complete rip-off to cash the recent The Omen (2006) which was released the same year. The screenplay by Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is terrible and simply can't match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent, I mean exactly what does Donald the Antichrist claim to be from a middle-class family in a small town? It is certainly not a good starting point to cause the destruction of the world eh? Each character in 666: The child is a form of the main character of The Omen, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them and the ugly babysitter. There is a real lack of accidents, there is barely any gore and the plot is poor. I mean that Donald kills a dentist because they were trying to fix his teeth is so random and useless, what were all the lousy pictures that Donald designed, where the babysitter came from and there is nothing that binds everything together and is just a messy mess that gets very boring very quickly. Also the references to the number 6 become annoying and are very rough. <br /> <br /> Director Perez does well, I suppose, he is competent if nothing else. There is practically no blood or blood, there are some spurts of blood, a severed hand and someone has a circular saw stuck in their face, but it sounds much better than it appears on the screen. It is certainly not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a contemporary and bland environment in a suburban home and there is no tension because we never really know what Donald is trying to do and therefore there is no threat on his part . <br /> <br /> Technically the film is fine, it is reasonably well done, but since the real film is so poor, it makes little difference. The acting is not exceptional but at the same time I have seen worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The Child is a poor man The Omen cheat, I'd rather look at the original or redo it on any day of the week. Not good and certainly not recommended. Followed by sequel 666: The Beast (2007), also directed directly on DVD.
