THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehabilitation center with similarly injured people. And there he faces a new hard life, confined to a wheelchair. It is an interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately fails to be implemented. What happens instead is largely the schmaltz of Hollywood, with some interesting moments. Certainly the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al) is brilliant, and behaves as well as you'd expect, but their talents are wasted. The characters are mainly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are completely unlikely (Snipes' character is the exception). I suppose this is a kind of attempt to break through people's ideas about "crippled" or "weak" disabled people, representing them, for the most part, as punctures in the face, but it makes a completely boring experience. Of course, he will show you something of what happens to those with permanent disabilities, in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process being represented can make a person difficult to go with. agreement and it is worth taking care of it, it is not an integral part of what these characters must be, at various levels, contemptible. They didn't even have to be disarmed by Disney either; surely there is a happy medium somewhere. At the conclusion of the film, the character of Eric Stoltz has come to accept his handicapped status, but since he is a flamboyant narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we do not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to his character problems, the film suffers from that strange syndrome that so many Hollywood movies suffer from; the syndrome does not have an official name, but you could call it "inexplicable forgiveness syndrome". Something like this happens: the characters insult each other, and therefore without even an excuse, everything is forgiven (a particularly unpleasant example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends most of the film verbally bullying all within earshot, as a result they love it. In one of the last examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain The Sandman throws waste into a piece of Manhattan, then cries over Spiderman for what appears to be about 15 minutes monotonous before being waved with what amounts to "hello, now"). The most striking example of IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence in which, after being called the n-word of the racist character of William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes discovers him with the same character as Forsythe in the next scene, as if nothing had just happened in a short time. Again, without even a "Oh yes, I'm sorry for that business over there where I, you know, I called you the n-word". It makes me wonder, do these people watch these films before they publish them, or do they just film them with their eyes closed, slap them together in the editing room based on the scene number, and call it a day's work?
