Stifler has finished running his naked mile and is now attending Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run around naked and the nerds are teased and this series died in the water. The Naked Mile was a shitty movie, but I found it was definitely better than Band Camp. They seem to have returned to what didn't work for them and it shows that they don't care. You can tell where the target audience is and nailed it perfectly. Young teenagers who like to see naked women, rough humor and drinking beer will love Beta House, everyone else can practically look away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars has become a huge success that has stunned the public with its advantage special temporal effects. The Lord of the Rings has created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that have dazzled the eye. The Matrix has changed the way sci-fi action and movies were made, especially with cutting-edge special effects. With all the progress of technology, we eagerly await the next big thing that will drop our jaws on the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the limits of what technology can do. When people have created spaceships, landscapes and creatures that use CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, the thing that creates life, the thing you see so many times in porn movies is created and time slows down to show us the white residues scattered across the room on a teddy bear. It is funny? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering the title of the previous installments. Does the film need it? Of course not, he never advances the plot, does he ever do it? Can he ever laugh? Have you ever aroused young boys? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks there's too much nudity, then you might even have made porn. <br /> <br /> The female that captures the affections of our main character is cute and does not bother the viewer, as the previous girls did in the series, but never once did I ever believe that this character would ever do what He did. I'm pretty sure that every action of the characters in this film is anything but realistic. The American Pie series has gone from a realm of reality to a fantasy world. None of the events in this film would have ever happened, if they ever did, then I need to attend this school IMMEDIATELY. Does this film assume that people feel like they are having fun? Well, it's not like that, we're watching them have fun, at the end of the movie we hate them for the fun they are experiencing. <br /> <br /> There is a scene of "Deer Hunter" in the film, but to make it "fun" for today's audience they decided to replace the bullets with horse sperm. Are you still laughing? Instead of shooting themselves with seed in their heads or faces, they put the gun in their mouth. Are you still on the floor laughing? The first time Stifler's roommate is introduced to us, he's having sex with his girlfriend. Are you still rooting for nudity? At first, the film seems to be about the boys trying to get into the house of the brotherhood, but then moves in with them to the house of the brotherhood, but it has to perform certain tasks. Then move on to a competition between nerds and boys. It goes a little "The revenge of the nerds" on us for a while and it seems out of place. I honestly don't know what this film is about, because it spreads everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most of the play seems forced into shock. Even at the beginning, dad shows his son the list of people he has had sex with. The joke is in there somewhere, I think it could be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could have been that of her son's mother. Or one, it doesn't work. I think if you haven't guessed it yet, this movie isn't funny. Nor does it seem to be concentrated, the story is pathetic and the so-called crude humor that the series has been known for non-shock. Skip this flat installment and even future ones. I don't know why I saw all the voices in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found their way to my eyes.
