... that Jamie Foxx would have offered such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was the fact that, looking at his ironic and hateful acting in films like "Bait" and "Booty Call", I never imagined he would ever hold the Oscar. If people had told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was going to win an Oscar one day, I would have laughed in my face. Who knows? Perhaps it is better to stick to the drama, because if you look at "Bait", it is clearly evident that the comedy is not its forte. I swear, Jamie has mugged so much in this film that I'm surprised his face hasn't fallen. And why should he make those stupid voices on every occasion he gets? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that making comedies does not require being loud and hateful. If a joke is fun, it's fun. If it's not fun, making a crazy accent won't make it fun anymore. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they prefer to have a laugh because they are in the character. In real life, normal people don't always have setbacks and witty jokes. As Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver", it is important to be as fun as your character, rather than being as fun as a comedian. A first example of Jamie that violates this rule is the nauseatingly terrible scene in which his mug shots are taken, and he begins to pose for photographs like a model. If a normal person was thrown in jail, would he have behaved stupidly while making mug shots? And wouldn't the police have tried to scold him if he was? There are many such scenes throughout the film. Another horrible sequence is one in which Jamie is unknowingly on the phone with the villain, and starts making a fake Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention the fact that Jamie never seems to recognize the times of a joke. Giving a comic performance requires patience, as it goes straight to the final punch, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epps fan, but his performance is also good compared to Jamie's. As a matter of fact, this is the first time I feel a little relieved every time it appears on the screen. Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more low-key approach. One of the few bright spots in this clunker of a play is David Morse, a very underrated actor mostly known for his secondary roles as villains. It seems that he is the only actor in the film to worry about founding it in reality. However, the "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgustingly exaggerated like the bad one. A big surprise, considering that he gave an exceptional performance in "The Green Mile", even playing a heavy one. Antoine Fuqua has demonstrated his skills as a director in such films as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Also in "Bait", he shows he can direct an infernal action sequence. His only problem seemed to be in the disciplinary Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half the script with one joke after another. Unless you are a huge fan of Foxx, please don't fall for the bait.
