I can't believe I saw this piece of total shit, but we did it and I feel obliged to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as a typical PC nonsense and understand that he must improve because he will not. If his fucking boyfriend around does not make you sick, then be grateful to the joke he wrote and / or direct that this coarse is somehow trying to hold his way. I mean, it becomes real. It is one thing that there is a gay character appearing in a film these days messed up like these, but rather another for having continually slapped him on the screen and examined closely and personally when the liner notes clearly indicate that the film should a mother who seeks a sort of "closure" for the sudden death of her daughter. What has one thing to do with the other, could you be tempted to ask? Apparently, the two problems are inextricably intertwined. And if that's not bad enough, there's the bearded lady in the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, hasn't the poor woman ever heard of electrolysis? Why does he have to go around like that? At the very least, how about you shave off the bad thing, and while you're at it, remove those horrible moles too. Would you like some ice cream that just served you? I do not think so. It must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You would think Diane Keaton could save this piece of drek, but think again. Was he really trying to put lipstick on a corpse? I don't even want to think about it. And if the body should be that of his own dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for the cinema is a complete madness and there is nothing else to do. One would like each of these characters to simply walk in the waves and keep going. None of these shaky people even remotely gain our sympathy for a moment. Trust me - pass this piece of shit. It is not about death, a mother who has inadvertently suffocated her daughter, or even the other much more unpleasant problems that she continues to point out, no matter how little you want to hear it. It's a pile of perverted garbage by a misguided and misguided director.
