The plot of this terrible movie is so complicated that I warned the interceptor because I'm not sure if I was giving something. The public sees for the first time that a man with the dress of Jack the ripper kills an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we are up to the present day and a young Australian couple is looking for a home. We are given an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. A 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels that cover a wall in the den. An old razor cutter falls out while they are renovating and the husband holds it. I imagine you become razor-possessed because you start having strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple can't have a baby because her husband is firing blanks. <br /> <br /> Some molds seem to go up the wall after the pair has removed the iron panels and the mold is in the shape of a person. Towards the end of the plot there is a plot of a big pile of money and the husband kills the bodyguard and a colleague and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on ?? Who knows ?? NOTHING is explained. The 105-year-old woman was the daughter of the serial killer? The little sister? WHY were the iron panels put on the wall? How would you keep the serial killer in the basement? Was he locked up there by his family and starved or simply hid? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get iron panels? He never saw again. WHY did the serial killer kill people? We only see the murder of an old man. Was there a reason or reason or something ?? WHY does the wife suddenly become pregnant? Is it the spawn daemon of the serial killer? Has he managed to infiltrate her husband's sperm? And why, if the husband was able to subdue and kill a huge and sturdy security guard, can't he overpower his wife? And how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that will make it fall across the room simply by cutting a thread of light? And why does his wife stay at home? Is it now owned by the serial killer? Will the child be the reincarnated killer? <br /> <br /> This film was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only pleasant aspect of this story was to see her husband running around in his boxers for a long time, but even that could not redeem this confusing and incoherent chaos.
