The crazy German Jörg Buttgereit apparently has fans - but I don't know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I had seen before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but - shockingly - this movie is worse! Der Todesking is useless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse film because it's boring in a way that few films have ever managed (not very far from the Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some say that this film is "sick" and "shocking", but in reality it is not. The director may have made a point about death, but only he knows what it is. How anyone can watch this movie and be anything but bored is completely beyond me. The film revolves around the theme of suicide and follows the death of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, this means that we have a useless and boring episode for Monday, a useless and boring episode for Tuesday, a useless and boring episode for Wednesdays etc. This movie manages to be even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking is apparently an "artistic" film, although this would seem to be a reference to the way it makes little sense rather than a reference to a film that looks like "art". Each segment of the film is designed to tell a separate story - but it is not! We only have a brief sketch about suicide, and it just makes you wonder what the point is. The film looks like it should be deep, but there is a big void where intelligence should be and nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some evocative images; but it is unlikely that you will remember one for more than a week or so, because this film is not really memorable. There is a shot that involves the body of a decomposing man who presents himself quite often, but who gets old fast enough and all you have left is the rest of the film, which is unlucky. If I had to fight for good things to say about this shit, all I can think of is this; the title looks fantastic. As I said earlier, Nekromantik is the only other film I saw from this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm not in a hurry to see them. Der Todesking is a boring film with no points and whoever calls it 'art' is very wrong. Give it a shot.
