To avoid confusion, I would like to clarify a couple of points: I am not a red neck. I am not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: a libertarian. I'm not a WASP either, I wasn't even born in the United States. Jorge Luis Borges said that there is a kind of people who do not hear poetry and that these sad people usually make their living teaching poetry. This film was made by and for people who do not hear poetry, from and to show-offs; and I would dare to say, to and from people who have no sense of decency or, for that matter, respect for the life or death of others (especially when one thinks that the victims are mostly 'bloody imperialists' killed in the Yankee soil: he finds the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and a particularly lousy and repulsive frame, simply horrible, because they didn't assign a budget of as many dollars per episode of individuals brutally killed in the attack? "The whole idea rests somewhere between simple stupidity and imprudent fascism. Anyone who is serious in filming (and seriously about life and death) should have angrily refused to participate in this memory of insinuations and not kidnappings. With two exceptions: l episode of Burkina Faso - almost amusing - and that of India - which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and unfairly investigated in relation to the ttacco, on the basis of the fact that he did not come back later and that he was an American Muslim (and, to tell the truth, when the facts were known he was honored as a hero). All the other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and without emotion, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: "I don't care about the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, young people, adults , veterans ... 'and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of emotion. Makhmalbaf's (Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I'm afraid of committing a heresy because it's from Lelouch, but maybe his episode could be considered built on an idea that could be considered almost original, Tanovic's (Bosnia-Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu's (Mexico); Gitaï's (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "The bloodthirsty Yankees deserve it" "And it can be resumed in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) claims the kamikazes; Loach (UK) believes that the reckless attacks of 9/11 were a kind of punishment for alleged US support for the Chilean driven dictatorship from the serial-killer Augusto Pinochet , in fact someone should inform Mr. Loach that the victims of Pinochet were not connected to Al-Qaida and that Chile is a South American country that the only existence that Mr. Bin Laden should have ignored, should also be informed that the sanctions of the American government against the Chilean dictatorship were more difficult than anything else; and, Imamura (Japan) points out that the Second World War is linked to the WTC attack. The Imamura was at least consistent in this: the supposed linking effect it causes is completely meaningless, which is well suited to its episode, including a man who believes he is a snake. He pretends to be dark. It is rather ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is a kind of mistake shared by many, including some Americans, and consists in the belief that this film was not marketed in the United States due to some kind of censorship. Nothing could be further from the truth: this film was not screened in the United States because it is a complete fiasco. A fiasco of the most bizarre type. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are closer and more dear to the hearts of a considerable number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film was shown in salons quickly converted into theaters, and was applauded by a very selective audience: the usual few rare who usually lend their applause to other equally "characteristic" shows. Like the sight of a McDonald's fast food or, perhaps, an old Jew, reduced to ashes.
