Singleton has some serious problems with which he has to deal. I have a feeling he thinks she's smart enough; however, this film is almost comically transparent and hypocritical. Also, there are a lot of "good-to-do" messages like when our local Nazi shots are beaten. I mean, who's sane about to cheer for a group of Nazi jerks? However, the way Singleton interprets the "fight" is definitely silly and seems to be designed to show us more of the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another "villain" (actually a drunk brother) who rapes one of the protagonists of the film. In this case, I think Singleton really does a good job interpreting what is probably an all too common situation when the woman involved asks the little brother to use a condom and he doesn't have one or doesn't want to use one. In any case, he does not accept his requests to stop and proceeds to have sexual relations despite his requests. I think this type of rape is too common and in fact many people in uniform refuse to accept the fact that it is even a rape. Well, no means no, this is a rape, which probably occurs a lot in universities across the country. <br /> <br /> Having established rape, how does Singleton behave? When the brother's boyfriend tries to call the woman, his roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, at which point the brother calls the roommate a "black whore". The unhappy roommate seems to appeal to an adviser from Ice Cube, et al, who then physically humiliates and abuses the brother in repeated and prolonged "apologies" to his roommate for his racist remarks; however (apparently in the mind of Singleton) the minor crime of rape is not mentioned. Again, nobody should really feel sorry for the frat boy; however, Singleton seems to be sending a double message that a racist comment is a greater crime than rape and in any case the violence is justified against the cretins. <br /> <br /> What is so disappointing in the end is that this film could have really been something important but Singleton, no doubt a talented director, does not seem to have the maturity or depth to get something out of it so great.
