The Blob starts with one of the most bizarre thematic songs ever, sung by an uncredited Burt Bacharach of all people! You really have to feel it to believe it, The Blob could be worth it just for this song and my comment of the user comments is just a small taste of class lyrics ... After this unnerving sequence of opening titles The Blob introduces us, viewer that is to Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) who are parked alone and watch what looks like a meteor falling on Earth in nearby woods. An old man (Olin Howland like Olin Howlin) who lives in a hut sees him and goes to investigate, finds a crater and a strange rock the size of a football that splits when he carelessly hits him with a stick. Pose in the center of the meteorite is a strange gelatinous substance that sticks to the stick, if you understand what I mean! Then he slides the stick and sticks to the old man's hand. Meanwhile Steve and Jane are driving quietly thinking about their business when the old man ends up in front of Steve's car, Steve being a decent guy decides to take the old man to dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase) at local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he doesn't know what the substance on the old man's hand is, but he's getting bigger and asks Steve to get back to where he found it and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but nothing comes to mind and on his return from the intervention of Dr. Hallan, witness the blob that devours him. The city police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and the teenager who hates Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) obviously do not believe it and end up suspecting Steve and his companions Al (Anthony Franke), Tony ( Robert Fields) & someone called "Mooch" Miller (James Bonnet) for playing a complicated trick on the police department. However, as the blob continues to eat, it passes through the city. Steve decides to find proof of his existence and to convince the police of the threat he has not only for their city but for the whole world! <br /> <br /> Directed Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and an uncredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was deeply disappointed with this original 1958 version of The Blob. Kay Linaker's screenplay as Kate Phillips and Theodore Simonson is an absolute and extremely boring bore that does not take full advantage of its strongest aspects. The Blob focuses on tiring dramas and conflicts between teenagers and police, in fact most of The Blob is spent on Steve trying to convince the police of the blob's existence. For most of the film, the blob itself seems almost irrelevant and somehow forgotten. He has only two or three scenes for the time of the fist and a bit up to the less emotional climax when the adults and the adolescents have to work together to defeat the blob and have a new appreciation one after another, disgusting! Why couldn't the blob eat much? No explanation is given about what the blob or its origins are different from how it comes from space, how long did it take to invent it? Even the dialogue is clumsy and silly, as well as people's actions and decision-making, I love the part when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton like Lee Payton, someone used their real name in this thing?) Is found in front of the blob, he throws some acid on it and quietly proclaims "Doctor, nothing will stop him!", how does he know that "nothing" will stop him exactly? There is no blood or violence so don't worry about it, the special effects on the BLOB itself are not so bad considering, but it barely has the screen and it moves very slowly, a bit like the film in general. The acting is terrible, McQueen should be a teenager when he was actually 28 and shows, he looks old enough to be his dad! The same is true for most of the other "teenage" cast members and all of them are generally wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically The Blob is basic photography, dark static, boring direction and forgotten production values. The Blob is one of those films that probably sounds good on paper and is well known as a "classic", but in reality it is a huge disappointment when finally seen. This is a case where the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake no, the original Blob contains no blood or blood and the remake does, the original Blob has incredibly bad acting and casting decisions and the remake does not and the original Blob becomes very little time on the screen eats only three or four people during the entire movie and the remake presents the blob to the end and practically eats an entire city. The choice is easy, the remake every time because it is a better film in every respect. I'll give the movie two stars and give that wonderful main song to itself. Surely it is not the classic that many seem to understand.
