It is nothing but a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of June 1950, when President Truman's US troops ordered the Korean war. STARLIFT, you see, is mostly set in the Travis Air Force air base in California in the years when it was used as a staging place for soldiers who were sent to fight in Korea. But you would need to do your research to find out why the name "Korea" is not mentioned once during the film. We see transport aircraft flying out of new troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but no mention is made of where these men will fight or be injured. Which is strange enough for a film designed to wave the flag and greet American men in uniform. Released in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of the outstanding supporter of the moral of the World War Two "Hollywood Canteen". This mourning of 1944 told the story of two soldiers who spent the last three nights of farewell at the famous armed forces nightclub in Los Angeles, hoping to get a date with Joan Leslie. But in reality it was just an excuse for Warner to pull out every star under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT presents two Air Force soldiers hoping to meet the imaginary starellette Nell Wayne (a Janice Rule mask) and to convince a group of Warner Bros stars to stage a show for departing troops. But in place of Crawford, Garfield and others the best that the Warner brothers managed to scrape together in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris with fleeting appearances by James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and of course embarrassed looking at Gary Cooper. This worn cast, whose combined stellar power would have difficulty illuminating a standard lamp, perfectly matches the poor production values. Presumably, in an attempt to save money, several long scenes were shot using a really bad rear projection. How bad is it? You can see the join where the screen meets the floor of the stage! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy, and third-class film means doing a disservice to movies that are sloppy, lazy, and third-choice. It's just terrible. Avoid it.
