Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> Have you ever wanted to see a documentary about a stupid megalomaniac who ruins his life and alienates all those around him? Well, they exist in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see the documentary on one that ultimately failed to do anything despite everyone's praise of what an artistic "genius" is? Well, you could probably just take a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (I know I'm everywhere and I don't even follow the local scene), or you could save yourself the trouble by spending money looking at this tripe. <br /> <br /> The premise is good and, honestly, it is not as if the directors knew exactly where they were going considering that it is one of the difficulties in making a documentary. We are made to follow two groups, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, directed by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, directed by Courtney. I've heard of The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not the Brian Jamestown massacre. Why? Good from the point of view of this documentary, because the intergroup dysfunction of The Brian Jamestown Massacre has denied them the ability to really make it in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of the two separate bands and how they succeeded, the focus becomes much more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, see, Anton is a "genius". "Because it plays rock music." It really understands the evolution of music "... because it plays rock music with many different instruments. Its music is considered" postmodern retro but the future "... because it is rock music. a "revolution" ... through rock music Okay, let's face it ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest guys I'd like to watch a documentary. <br /> <br /> The documentary itself doesn't really lends itself to showing none of Anton's talent, because in the nature of the editing of 2000 hours of material in a quarter of two hours we don't have time to focus on that, so instead, we look at Anton, the "genius", the loser socio-maniac, being an idiot for the two hours and we are only told to understand that he really made fantastic music, whether he did it or not I won't know, because it's not like the documentary that has had enough time to prove it. What I know is that then we are left with an s toria on a hateful self-centered plot around the country that calls itself a god of music and that does nothing to support it. Why bother looking at it? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all those different people, and especially a post-failure paean with lost potential. This film sounds like a special two-hour VH1 for a reason: it continues to talk about music, but it's about image and attention. Look at the boy, look at how he dresses, see how he works, see how he tries to create controversy because he can't afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Honestly the only interesting character in this film is Joel, and this because of someone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe it's because it's the tambourine. The rest of them are all "rock stars"! They deserve our attention, admiration, interest and commitment! They are out there to "save rock and roll". Do you remember when The White Stripes should "save rock and roll"? Yes, it was thanks to Anton, and it is "selfish of them not to mention me (Anton) as a source of inspiration". What a load. People like Anton are better left aside. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so boring, because music executives have to deal with people like Anton to live and they can really give their support to someone safe and without passion. Thank you very much, Anton. Your antics have ruined the music for ALL those you touched, whatever the contrary opinion. And if the people "in the know" about Anton disagree and he was really a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is that it reduces it that way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
