I went to this film with high hopes. Normally, I'm not too fussy about my films and the creatures' movies are * always * fun to watch, or so I thought. I will list the positive parts of this film: - The effects of the creature. All creatures were well made, their movements were realistic and suited the other images well. To be honest, the effects of the creatures were the ONLY reason I gave this movie to 2 rather than 1. Now, bad things: - Acting. Good God, I've seen bad acting, but this movie is sweet. Not one of the characters is * close * to the credible either. It's as if the director had sent a call to the casting and collected all the worst tests from it. I tried very hard not to giggle too loudly, because I didn't want to disturb anyone else in the theater, but the acting was really THAT bad. - The plot: the whole story is full of holes in the plot from beginning to end. You can choose at least 5 holes from 30 minutes of film. The holes of the plot, of course, are free with the cheese. This is probably one of the most mundane, unintended and utterly stupid stories I've ever seen on the screen since I had the serious misfortune to sit one night and watch Parasite on the SciFi channel. - The dialogue: this is a world in which everyone says the most cruel and banal thing possible, in every possible occasion. In this world, it seems that every line has been pronounced in at least 30 other films of low-budget creatures. It is the world of cheese and clichés. - The special effects While the effects of the creatures were definitely fantastic, the special effects fail miserably. Yes, they are better than those seen in other films, but a lot is in the presentation. And this film has no presentation. Seems a bit like the special effects used on the Power Rangers TV show, to be honest. To summarize: Dragon Wars is worth neither your time nor your money. The concept is good, but it is trapped in the bad direction, acting, dialogue and kindness of the film. Wait for the next big monster movie to come out. It must be better than that, because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
