THE KING MAKER will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand, where the similar (but superior) "The Legend of Suriyothai" set box office records. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn after a screenplay by Sean Casey based on historical facts in 1547, the Siam has some surprisingly beautiful visual elements but is disarmed by one of the shorter and pedestrian scripts and by the development of stories about the film. <br /> <br /> The event that the image tells is the arrival of the Portuguese makeshift soldier Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch) whose revenge for the murderer of this father pushes him to shipwreck, captured and thrown in slavery and put on the block in Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam where it is bought by the beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past that is revealed as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow the king and Fernando and his new Siamese companion Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some useless choreographies of free martial arts in CGI, are rewarded by the king for becoming his bodyguards, only to be imprisoned together once the queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals his plot to kill the king and son to allow his lover Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take control of Siam. Yet, of course, Fernando and Tong escape and are condemned to fight each other to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando's love affair with Maria) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> The acting (except for John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film seems occasionally like it was meant to be a field. The predominantly Thai cast struggles with poorly written dialogue, making us wish we had used their native Thai with subtitles. Ian Livingstone's musical score sounds like it was resurrected from old TV soap operas. But if it is the visual splendor you are looking for there is plenty of it and this alone makes the film worth seeing. It is a film that has obvious financial support for all the special effects and the masses of cast and set and shows its good intentions. These are just the basics that are missing. Grady Harp
