As with most reviewers, I saw it on Starz! On request. After seeing the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to look at it from the way the preview looked. I, on the other hand, thought it was strange enough to justify a vision. I mean, the design of Dr. Meso alone has guaranteed at least a brief passage on this title. After having seen it, I can say that while there are some interesting aspects (that is to say the navigation on the notebooks and the attempt to understand the incomprehensible story), it is better to go beyond this. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making their first video for their still unfinished CD, the singer, Cassidy, kills herself in an attempt to convince her boyfriend Neil to notice her. 3 months later, the band is trying to decide whether to finish the album or not. To try and see what Cassidy wanted, they visit an old psychic friend of his, Dr. Meso, and try to contact her through him. In reading the cards, Dr. Meso presents four straight Death cards for the remaining four members of the band. Bad times are ahead. (I just wanted to make it clear that later in the film, they explain that the Death card really only represents change, congratulations to them on this at least.) Even without the approval of their deceased friend, they decide to go ahead and finish the album . But while in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, catches a glimpse of her dead friend. When another group mate comes in to check on her, Dora is standing in the dark, asking for her sunglasses. This is when the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film from the beginning is that it seems to be heavily stylized due to guilt. Too many distorting effects, useless zooms and a host of other cheap effects contrast this film. Even an inconsistent plot does not help anything. While the narration is hanging for the first part, once Cassidy is resurrected, everything falls apart. We have jumps between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously was able to enter a locked building), which show that they are connected in one way or another. However, within minutes of that revelation, we discover that Cassidy is indeed an independent being of Meso. Then he turns to the boy who helped his revenge and he hurries in a way that brings to mind Jack Nicholson as The Joker. But not in a positive sense. <br /> <br /> From this moment on, the fate of Cassidy is shown, but there are strange interruptions as the character moves from one place to another almost out of sequence. In one scene we see Cassidy standing in front of a desk, when one character enters the other, he is nowhere to be found. As she moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of a corridor. Then in another room grabbing the keys (which Neil already has), then back again. Not to mention the fact that at any moment, Cassidy's mood seems to go to 180 without a catalyst. One moment, he wants to kill everyone (even if he only injured 90% of the characters) - the next day he apologizes to everyone and goes out the door to die again. Does it sound confusing? This is because it is. It's a confusing mess that I'm sure the writer hasn't even managed to understand. <br /> <br /> As for performance, most are particularly in wood. Some though are interesting, but overall this is not a piece that would be known for its acting. History is the driving force of this piece.
