This week, I thought it would be fun to meet Corey Haim, having just seen the two "Lost Boys" movies last week and everything else. Not that I'm a fan-boy - not by far - but I liked those two Coreys in some movies in my early teens. <br /> <br /> So, I prepared for three films that saw him as the protagonist. Unfortunately, I chose "Dream Machine" as before (never seen before), and it was so terribly horrible, I just decided to lock Corey in my closet and leave it soberly again before, before entering something else his. But I managed to make my way through this film first. I had the impression that he desperately wanted to play in the same league as "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986), but he was involved in his own disappointments. Virtually the whole film is meant to be a comedy and, in the end, desperately tries to be a thriller. The only good thing about "Dream Machine" is the premise: a corpse in the trunk of a Porsche. Everything else fails so badly, it's embarrassing. Even the most for Haim. I can push him to be his young and enthusiastic self, but at least when he arrives with some form of directing guidelines. This was clearly not the case with "Dream Machine". So, we have a perfect car, yes, the black Porsche one. Haim's perfect girl? Just a blonde girl who has a few lines in the film. The perfect murder ... almost? A guy who gets in his ass while the villain of the movie, trying the whole movie to steal the body from the trunk, never really happened, and then at the end of the movie he thinks he's Michael Myers (minus the white William Mask Shatner) and errors Corey Haim for Jamie Lee Curtis. Don't think they could have made this film any lamer if they tried. A stupid and little fun movie with a story that leads nowhere directed by a director who doesn't know how to direct his cast. Great result! <br /> <br /> One last question for Mr. Haim: who was the idea of ​​making you smile directly in the camera in that last scene of the movie? Your or the manager? So not done.
