I hope the viewer who considers 'Dream Machine' one of the best films of Corey Haim and the "best films of the century" is joking. Sarcasm not detected by me? I sincerely hope so. <br /> <br /> 'The Dream Machine' marks the first of a long line of mediocre capers that would have plagued the rest of Corey Haim's career (except for "Prayer of the Rollerboys" which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays the casual college boy, Bernie, who assumes that a nice car will catch the eye of the girl of his dreams. Fortunately for Bernie, a rich woman who aims to return to her traitor's husband, quickly decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a refined Porsche Turbo. However, unbeknownst to the woman, and unfortunate for Bernie, is that her late husband was murdered and her body was hidden in the trunk. Now, since in this film, the bodies do not seem to decay or possess a rather dirty funk, Bernie is not aware of it. In fact, the unsuspecting boy has no idea that something suspicious is in place despite some strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a grizzly man follows him, desperate to take possession of that relatively unnoticed body. <br /> <br /> This is a low quality action, like many of the Haim movies like this (see The Double O Kid). Despite being part of the action, part of the romantic comedy, this film fails to offer the viewer much of anything that interests them at least for the first 45 minutes when the filmmakers take longer than necessary to show the immediate problem (for example, Bernie is in possession of a car and a corpse, and a hitman who discovers that Porsche will be difficult to find). After that, and thanks to the poor acting of Haim (I too loved this guy, but it is not exactly sacrilege to admit the times when obviously he cannot behave well) and the lack of real immediacy and emergency between Bernie and the villain who makes most of the events unconvincing and, therefore, priceless. To add injury to the insult, the soundtrack was incredibly ridiculous and sounded more like obvious songs that would be heard in Team America (see the 'date' editing). Loyal Corey Haim fans, however, should not be disappointed to see their boyfriend in abundance. However, others who understand that Haim's career has probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered, could expect mediocrity, as well as viewers looking for the early 90s of b-comedy fluff to pass the weather.
