Michael Caine has always maintained that Ashanti was "the only film (he) made only for money" and "the worst film I ever acted with". Wait, Michael, weren't you in The Swarm and Hurry Sundown? And weren't both those much worse films than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine also reluctantly remembers the physically punitive demands of filming an action film with temperatures of 130 degrees Fahrenheit (director Richard Fleischer was hospitalized due to sunstroke during filming). What Ashanti actually emerges is not the lowest point in Michael Caine's career. Instead, it is a very average chase thriller with a talented cast, exotic settings, boring traits and a highly formidable storyline. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.HO doctor who is left devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) disappears on an aid trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife was kidnapped by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and sets off for a chase across the continent that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, great stars perform inefficient and unnecessary guest roles. William Holden has a poor cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows little of his usual charm or grace as a spoiled Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison seems rightly bored during his brief role as a useful contact assisting Caine in his research. The film is based on a best-selling book called Ebony, by the famous author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the suspense that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is as charismatic as the slave driver (it seems that in all his films he is incapable of giving bad performances), and Caine generates a credible anguish like the man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flashes of action, but overall Ashanti is rather slow. All in all, this is a hokum of resistible action - not of a certain intensity as terrible Caine has often suggested, but not of a very stimulating film and certainly a crime on the part of all the talents involved.
