I'm in awe! Wow, prepare to be swept away by the ninja's mysterious ways. Watch them jump, crawl on the ground (on your back or stomach) like a caterpillar, fly across the sky, climb buildings, hide and sprout from trees, throw ninja stars, take out blue welcome mats, disappear into smoke bombs, make a lot of swoosh noises with their blades and quickly sneak or trotting on your toes. What a view! I could really talk about the many traditional actions, but I'll be here all day. Oh, so as not to forget that we also have the legendary Chuck Connors jumping out from time to time, and we watch him send some ninjas with his rifle with little ease. Which class! What an idiot! In any case the ultra-cheap 'Sakura Killers' is a stupid, but fun ninja action fun that only fanatics of the genre would get something from this shonky level B debacle. <br /> <br /> A genetic laboratory in America has a very important video stolen by a couple of ninjas. Two Americans are sent to Japan by the colonel (Chuck Connors) to retrieve it. <br /> <br /> The opening of the function prepares him well. Get ready for laughter! Afterwards it slows down, but shortly afterwards the two main protagonists learn about the ninja and during the training he gets a header while they break into the costumes and flee after the stolen beta tape that contains a very important formula. This is when violent rapid action and aerobic martial arts really come into play. It's not too bad either, (like the script and the stupid performances). The final showdown is very well done. <br /> <br /> In the slow traits it has the two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) dealing with the case, sharing brainless conversations and encountering some minor problems. What made me laugh was how the ninjas were discouraged by the way these two were brave and intelligent. Were these supposed to be professional murderers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') does a serious job with what he has and plays it for what it is. Focus your screen activities around the picturesque locations of Taiwan. Scoring is a delicate agreement.
