This is one of the worst films made by Clark Gable. Only PARNELL was obviously worse. It's such a painful cliché and the dialogue is so lousy that it's something that neither Gable nor Jean Harlow should have been proud to do. <br /> <br /> Gable is a heel whose illegal activities lead his girlfriend to go to the beating (like the gangster's speech?). She hopes he does the right thing but he leaves her there - unknown to any of them, cabbage, which is "in the family". In the end, the thief returns to do the right thing and somehow they tie him all together in a happy ending! They seemed to have forgotten Gable that he needed to take rap and spend several years in the hoosegow. Leonard Maltin says "the stars are at their best here". With which standard? Better to produce involuntary laughter? Give me a break! <br /> <br /> PS - after saying this, my wife thinks that Leonard Maltin will find me and kick my ass. Hmmm. However, despite my comment, I think Mr. Maltin is the best reviewer and human being on the planet (I hope he appeased it). <br /> <br /> UPDATE - 2/2/08. Because I didn't like this movie so much the first time (especially the ridiculous ending), I decided to watch it again. After all, sometimes when I watch a movie again I like it a lot more and realize I'm a little too hard. Although it has been the case with several films in recent months, I have always liked this film - even the second time. Most were not due to the first half of the film. In the first half, Harlow's character was incredibly stupid, but at least it was credible. But when she was sent to prison, it was all the clichés until the final scene of the ridiculous marriage took place. The bottom line is that this sequence is incredibly stupid - it makes absolutely no sense and it's like turning the film into a bizarre fairy tale instead of a love story about two negative aspects. I look forward to my original review (despite all the "NOT USEFUL") and I think that besides PARNELL and possibly POLLY AT THE CIRCUS, it could only be Gable's worst film.
