So I rented it from Netflix because someone gave me the book by Roger Ebert "I hate, hated, hated this movie" and gave this a rare zero star rating in the book and said at the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time should be cut to provide free ukulele choices for the poor. " So I understood from Ebert that I would see if it was really as bad as he said. I know most of the company says they don't listen to critics and judge for themselves, but I couldn't express how much I hated this piece of junk like Ebert and never from Ebert's review of "North" by Rob Reiner where he said he hated that movie ten times I had never heard a review of the brilliant hate film. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster who I don't think would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script of this film was well written. But above all the other things that were terrible in this "film" I can certainly tell you that the script was not well written. While the film begins with Jeff Goldblum who says he liked to watch Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with a decent dialogue after the opening credits. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes the other 85 minutes are made of stupid characters who talk about useless garbage for 30 seconds, then someone is hit. Then there are a lot of jokes about Dreyfuss being mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and unpleasant parody of "My Way" by Frank Sinatra sung by Gabriel Byrne apparently to insult Dreyfuss. Obviously because the script was written at the level of a sixth grade Dreyfuss shoots Byrne five times and Byrne will not die. Are we as the public should also care or find it so slightly funny? I can certainly tell you that I didn't care or that I found it so funny. Not only am I disappointed by Dreyfuss (whom I admire very much as an actor) for having produced and performed in this tripe, but I am also extremely disappointed by Jeff Goldblum because he was released the same year that "Independence Day" was the highest grossing film the year and ultimately one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum feel the "Independence Day" would be a flop and then he would accept the next role he was offered to earn money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What did an Oscar winner and the star of two of the greatest successful films in history have to appreciate from a distance? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the film is set on another planet. I just hope I wasted 93 minutes looking at this garbage that would have remained open in the cinemas of the planet where it is supposed to take place so that everyone on this planet would never be here of this ridiculous waste of 93 minutes from my life that I will never return . Ebert says the film should have been cut is not good enough, I'm afraid. Every copy of "Mad Dog Time" should have gasoline poured everywhere and be turned on. I still have to overcome the worst movie I've ever seen, because this has won honor as the worst film ever.
