What an outrage to Olivia D'Abo who plays the heroine of the film, Robin, to make Keanu Reeves look so great on the box of the film (and at least on a recent reprint, to have only Reeves in the box), considering that she was the star. I realize that it's his name that will eventually sell this After School Special, long forgotten, but at least gives the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> Despite this, this must be one of the worst sports-themed sports films I have ever seen, and it strives very hard to add not only all the movie clichés for teenagers and sportsmen to the class war between gymnasts fighting for adolescent romanticism. And, in an attempt to break free in some way from an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the warehouse's dance scenes is it even close enough to Michael Sembello's famous "Maniac" made famous by Flashdance, or was it the opposite? ). It includes similar dance sequences and, worse still, even the dance of the 80s and the sporting traditions of folk dances between the heroine and her antagonist (s), the one who doubts her successes and abilities in the team. We saw this in Trashin '(a ramp ramp vertical) and Rad (BMX dancing at the dance, although it wasn't much for the competition, but rather for fun). In reality, this film is chock full of unrealistic horny, like the homoerotic rumble in the clothes of the Salvation Army with Robin and her friend from the team. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a girl who comes from a rather poor background. To complete the whole in a great need to squeeze the greatest sympathy out of the public, he lives with his sick mother, his unpleasant sister and his uncaring (and somewhat violent) stepfather. Needless to say, the homelife is not so attractive. Add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to join the team (including the annoyance of his arrogant, snobbish teammates, and a coach who ultimately doubts his ability to compete well). And, of course, we can't forget that he has the eyes for one of the pretty preppy that comes out with one of the hateful teammates, nor that he doesn't have a steady boyfriend (although Keanu like Tommy later enters the picture). Could this boy be more pathetic? And it seems that one mess after another gets to embarrass itself in its painfully long, redundant and cliched search to prove its worth to all. <br /> <br /> But even the main moments of cheesiness that include most of the film are not worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction of this film is the horrible acting and dialogue. (I like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the restaurant in the middle of the dance-off to scold his teammates). Makes the episodes of "Amazing Stories" as Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone who can identify this film and watch it these days is probably attracted above all by the nostalgic factor. For this you could be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
