it's obviously very nice to see improvements in the Turkish film industry, however, I would have expected something more creative from Togan Gokbakar. starting from the script, which I believe was not a wise writing, as some might think. above all the kindness of the dialogues, which put the audience in a position that, as if they were not intelligent enough to understand the situations, which, most of the time, makes the film unbearable. it also has an obvious ending; you can easily guess the murderer from the beginning. the weakest part of the scenario is that the impossibility of seriously mentally ill patients to behave like normal people, like professionals right away !!! have ever sought the possibility of patients who are in heavy medicine, of behaving like professionals and of using all the medical terms that even normal people cannot use ????? !!!!!! even in the scene where the staff was looking for the most dangerous patient, without any weapon to protect themselves was another strange point in the film. and that scene was so suitable for the title "Dikkat Sahan Cikabilir" !! those are not the only weak parts of the film. there were also many preciosity in the film. the depiction of the most dangerous patient was an exact copy of Hannibal, even the appearance of Togan in the end is obviously the worst mistake he could have made in his first film! the clamor about the size of the film and the interviews that the actor gave made people curious and forced them to see it. Gen is a total disappointment. I would have asked myself, if Sahan was not so famous, would Togan have been able to shoot this film with a lot of budget? I hope that Togan understands that it is not fashionable to act in a directorial role as he said in an interview. it was Hitchcock who did it wisely and Night Shyamalan successfully continued! should be aware of the fact that he is not yet Hitchcock and Shyamalan !!!! hoping that he will be more careful and creative next time in this great industry!
