This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The plot and the message are horrible. There are too many mistakes in this film that it is impossible to keep up. I don't even understand how this film could have any nominations, let alone 2. That's why: 1) Sam Lee portrays an angry / irrational detective who was caused by his father's disappointment. Pros: he is angry, okay Cons: When it comes to the explanation scene, he can't convey the sadness / disappointment he has in his father. The crying scene was too false and it seems that he is literally squeezing tears out of the corner of his eye. <br /> <br /> 2) To link the film to the title, there have been barking or changing noises during the fight scenes and rape scenes, which is totally irrelevant and confusing to the viewer. I understand that it should be a metaphor or what not ... but it's just too stupid! 3) WHY THE NECK HAS NOT MADE THE COUPLE DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE KILLER? What the hell is wrong with this movie. When the killer started stabbing an officer, let him shoot. He's already dead! What the hell? There were many opportunities for the killer to be killed, but I don't know why he wasn't! 4) During the scene where the girl hurt her foot. In the scene, it was very clear that the girls' left foot was hurt, so how on earth in the next scene that she is lending all her weight to her left foot? And this is the actress named as the best new actress? WTF? 5) The sounds in the film are out of sync. <br /> <br /> 6) I imagine that this film is trying to bring awareness of brutality and violence among children in Southeast Asia, so why does the villain win and then the cop was joining the fight? 7) This film is too violent without a purpose. Are the cops beating CI to pulp and then, if they cooperate, give them marijuana and cocaine? This is overall the worst movie. I really feel that the person who wrote this film is a sadistic and sick person. I've never seen a movie more disgusting in my entire life. WORST FILM EVER!
