After watching this movie, I left two big annoyances for this film: why did they make Chen's character this "McGuyver businessman" and Lee's character such an incompetent idiot? The background of the character of Chen is that he grew up in an underground Cambodian orphanage for bloodthirsty wrestlers, where he learns to risk his death as wild "dogs". This detail is pushed early during a scene where he gets into a taxi and when he starts driving, he shows how unfamiliar he is with a seat belt. Shortly after this scene, it has a similar situation in a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he uncultivated, he is hungry. This is not a reference to Chen's thin physique, but to the first two scenes of the film in which he is rinsing food, one of which, being the rice porridge from the floor of the lower deck on an old ship. Yes, in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that Chen is malnourished, not modernized, and has only one thing for him, his "dog" who fights somehow in combative style. Despite this situation, Chen manages to shoot all the policemen (even managing to bounce a bullet from a metal pipe to hit a boy in a head, who held Chen's girlfriend hostage) and somehow has achieved a super strength human (swings to 50 lb concrete block, plastered at the end of a metal tube, to the chief of police chief HOW is struck in the chest, by the head). <br /> <br /> Now the character of Lee ... okay, I understand, he is depressed, he has some luggage, but wow, can he do something right? A moment, they try to make him cool, composed and ready to take care of business, and the next moment, he has just been beaten again. First scene runs into Chen, and manages to miss him, from about 15 ft, several times. Towards the end of that scene, Lee observes Chen as his close friend and co-worker is slowly stabbed in the neck with a long knife for a full 5 seconds, holding a gun to Chen's face, at a distance of 10 feet. Even at the end of the film, Lee manages to be stabbed to death and fails again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this film is that it's presented in a way that the directors are trying to get the audience sympathizes with the character of Chen and that he's just "killing to survive". It would be much easier if you didn't just watch Chen kill innocent people during the entire movie. Of the many people killed, only two people intended to try to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were just people who were eating, boat owners, taxi drivers and policemen trying to arrest him, not kill. Overall, Chen's character is a cold-blooded killer who kills for whatever he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that he is carrying a handful of hundred-dollar bills for most of the film?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting director / camera work that got some nice shots. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: One made for Chen fans who embrace the dice. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
