By my observation of the "Kool-Aid drinkers", I mean that these are devoted Pavarotti fans who make no attempt to objectively evaluate this film. Giving this 10 is like giving Wally Cox the prize for Mr. Universe or putting a velvet painting by Elvis at the Louvre !!! When this film debuted, I remember the fierce reviews with titles like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was one of the worst movies ever made. This too is definitely exaggerated. While she was bad and far from a great work of art, there was much to be appreciated in the film and the film's biggest deficit was not Pavarotti's acting nor her femininity. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the biggest burden is solely on the shoulders of writers (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It is rare to see a movie with cliched dialogues or silly scenes like the food fight, but they too are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that writers mean that the public cares about a "love story" consisting of a horny middle-aged man married and a seemingly desperate woman. Perhaps the European public could be more lenient than this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a love story seems bleak and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Sadly, if they had just changed the script a little and made Pavarotti a widower or maybe his wife was like the wife of a couple of classic Hollywood movies, like from ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or THE SUSPECT (where he was the wife like that vile and unlikely that you could forgive your husband for a relationship or even kill her). Instead, she is the loving mother of two children who wait patiently at home while her selfish husbands settle left and right - as Pavarotti admits he had had many business before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Sadly, even the beautiful Pavarotti's music could not save this film. Towards the end of the film, there are some incredible scenes in New York where the set is simply incredible and Pavarotti's singing is transcendent. For this reason, I think the film deserves at least a 3. I really wanted the film to appeal to me more, but it was a really bad film, though not entirely rotten like you probably heard. <br /> <br /> Sadly, from what I read, this film could be a case of art that imitates life, as Pavarotti's own life later had some parallels with this film, even if this is not exactly the forum to discuss it in detail.
