I had never heard of this film until I read an article on the Unknown Movies website, which intrigued me. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I am an admirer of Richard Williams's work - I consider Ziggy's Gift to be one of the best Christmas specials of all time, and even if Who Framed Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite movies when I passed Age sixteen years old, I still have the highest respect for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that have been created in the graphics - but it seems that man has his flaws, in particular a propensity to go further the budget is beyond planning and this film demonstrates how wrong even a talented individual like Williams is, given the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy is a strange package that tries to be strange and experimental and out of bounds within the confines of a children's cartoon. It also tries to be a musical. Try to be a thousand and also another thing - is it an oddity? Is he a mental blower? Is it a paean of the innocence of childhood imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own ambitions and unlimited aspirations. It is magnificently animated, for the most part, even though bland backgrounds may have used a little more attention, but even that doesn't matter much when confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that constitutes much of the "action" here. br /> <br /> There are a number of problems with the film, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are the stars of the show, yet they have no personality. Actually, we get the message that Andy is an aspiring tough guy ("I'm not a girl's toy", he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because her mistress, a little girl named Marcella, brings her upside down, but that's all we can find out about these boring characters like mud because the overwhelming strangeness of this movie starts shortly after. I use the word "strangeness", because some strange movies can be extremely funny, but this is simply strange. The toys and dolls in the playroom should be cute and adorable, but in reality they are bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets that make and say everything in sync are a good example. But even they are relatively normal compared to the constantly sneezing pirate captain, whose mustache becomes erect and whose groin visibly swells when he first sees a charming French doll. Yes, this should be a children's movie! Then there is the music, none of which is memorable, and everything is sung by actors who can't sing. And to add insult to injury, there's a lot to sing about in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally come out of the playroom, the first thing they do is sing a LONG number in the woods about how scared they are, how they will always get each other and ... yes, we get the message. This seems to go on forever, but at least it brings some semblance of normality to the film. Not for long, though, because Camel with crumpled knees takes us into a bizarre world where everything seems to be made of worn and faded denim, and - bad enough to be clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he also starts having hallucinations. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The greedy, a living, breathing. burping, farting, constantly eating a pool of taffy, it's so much fun, scary and ultimately disturbing, you will hardly believe what you're seeing - this is the closest to a psychedelic drug-free experience I've ever seen in a movie. Then, after an l-o-ng spent with Greedy, the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo arrive, whose throne resembles a urinal. I can't believe I'm writing a pills description of a real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I'm not writing a blog about an overwhelming nightmare I had. Part of the Looney Land sequence looks like one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, for no good reason except that someone probably wanted to do it. All this would be fine if there was some sort of rhyme or reason behind it, but it is not there. These scenes are just strange and very, very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or it takes place against a semblance of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes points towards any kind of reality. Take this off and you are left with pure indulgence. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes crumble, even the animation starts to look less impressive (the ridiculously detailed pirate ship floats on the water in a way that suggests that some of the Cels have disappeared during the production) and there is a non-event of an ending that simply suggests that the money has expired. Even at a handful of 86 minutes in length, the film looks like an endless ordeal, and it's understandable why it flopped in its original version. Animation enthusiasts probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to flop this so spectacularly, but he did, and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
