SHALLOW GRAVE begins with a tribute or a rip-off of the shower scene in PSYCHO. (I'm tilting to tear.) Then it gets worse and then, surprisingly, gets better, almost to the point of being original. Bad acting and amateur direction bogged down a small enough interesting story, but the film already surpasses many in the "Yankee goes down in the South to be killed by a group of rednecks" genre because it is actually shot in the South. <br /> > A group of college girls head to Ft. Lauderdale for summer vacation and are robbed in Georgia by a flat tire after getting off the main road. (Note to the Yanks: stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to pee, then heads for the woods. When she finally finds a good place to do her business, she assists the local sheriff (Tony March) in strangling his lover (Merry Rozelle). (Note to the Yankees: do not wander in the woods when you are in the South, not because you could witness a murder, but you could run into a marijuana plantation.) This is where the story, not the movie, really comes close to being good boy. <br /> <br /> While Tony March will never have to practice in his Oscar speech, his Sheriff Dean becomes a gruesome facsimile of a normal boy torn by what he did and what he has to do. Tom Law is as likeable as Deputy Scott and is an authentic member of the South whom I saw from Walton Goggins (Vice Steve Naish) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. <br /> <br /> Some scenes from the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a barbecue in South Carolina and show their racism when a big black guy checks them. Sue Ellen stumbles upon a barn to hide behind some bales of hay and in an incredibly realistic moment a huge snake hides in the hay with her. <br /> <br /> And in the strangest scene, Sheriff Dean looks like he's about to rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells her to take off her clothes. Dean turned on the radio to stifle the noise of what he's about to do. The preacher on the radio needs to go back and read his Bible. His sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm sorry for this preacher's flock. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before the birth of Christ and is not at all one of the five people you will meet in Paradise.
