Once again one of the most misunderstood Goddesses in my country has been contorted by "Westerners" who cannot understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her dark forms. The Mother assumes the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and terrorize our ego. And although the blood sacrifice is given to Kali and Durga, the events represented in this film are simply absurd. The Mother assumes an angry form to be angry for our inner demons, limits and ego when no other form will suffice. It is also in her angry form that burns all your karmas in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in your heart to make her dance up if you love her, and she will bring you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side and even light, which has a purpose. Even the mother is the embodiment of the physical universe, it is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You cannot have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the force of destruction for the purposes of new growth and both worldly and spiritual life in the universe. It is very scandalous for me that people who do not know India or its divinity can take one of our beloved Dee and use it as a low-cost prostitute to create a low-budget, talent-free horror film. How dare they take our beloved Mother and portray her as a horror that makes her eyelids crack ?! It is horrible only for those who are attached to their ego and who live in illusion, greed, anger and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film should have a very serious and self-deceptive ego, and serious inner demons to see Kali so horrible and terrible. When the ego moves away it becomes an enchanting, beautiful and young form, a beauty that is so enchanting to see that it enchants the whole universe with it. Kali Maa is an ancient mother, not to be trifled with for fun, we only hope that in her infinite compassion and mercy she will not take an irascible form for those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The boldness that Westerners have in using religions like mine, or the religions of the Caribbean islands such as Santeria and Vodou which are actually very positive, and other similar religions to distort and exaggerate Misunderstood elements that the Western mind cannot understand is totally ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to this kind of film. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is actually a caring and compassionate mother, who sheds her beautiful foot tears in devotion and love for. And I am happy that my mother sometimes takes the angry form to protect her devotees from themselves and from external forces. <br /> <br /> Many praises to the TRUE Kali Maa, who showed MANY the way of God and realization.
