Ignoring (if possible) the tediously free marijuana smoke (which seems mandatory in Australian-funded films) the cast of this film offers a reasonably credible performance. It is far. The rest is just awful. The plot is overloaded with "wow" symbolisms that are meant to look good on the film but don't go anywhere. A gross example is the giant fishing float, obviously left by a city parade and donated by the local canning factory. It was too tempting to waste what was hoped to be a free object, but nevertheless irrelevant! Fishing is given a superficial and inexplicable wash in one phase but that's where it ends. <br /> <br /> Likewise, the "black spot" road sign in which Steph's parents were killed is intended to symbolize the eventual escape from his past, but his escape to what? He had a good deal where he was, especially considering his visual disability and the endless, loving patience and care of his feminine, young caretaker understanding. <br /> <br /> The Guinness Award for Horny Melodrama, however, goes to Alan's characterization. Alan successfully aspires to the noble role of the union representative of the unions, but "rats" on his fellow workers by becoming a supervisor for an evil multinational - hiss! hiss! As a supervisor, Alan performs the boss's nasty dirty work. It carries out redundancies until, surprise, surprise, the whole plant is closed and Alan himself remains as a pathetic and unemployed failure. No area without clichés here, man! Not only this, but Alan also loses the seductive Steph from the most unlikely relationship you encounter. If you think the plot is melodramatic and educational, don't ask for details. What is the meaning of shaving cream on Steph's seductive leg? Because the hotel, where the couple makes love, does not understand that someone is illegally entering one of its largest bedrooms and, among other pandemonium, the sheets are regularly dirty - quite spectacularly on one occasion . Summarizing this film in one word: Evita, Evita, Evita.
