I saw it immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS so anything would have been an improvement. Furthermore, it prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its sequel. Unfortunately the more I looked at it, the more I realized how beautiful Danny Boyle's original was and how much this film influenced 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> <br /> You can't help but notice how much the franchise has dated this kind of Italian horror film. I was totally convinced that ZOMBI 3 must have been made in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - In that case I would have called my summary 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?) - but it wasn't until I came to this page to find out that was published in 1988. All production values ​​scream that it is a low-cost sketch film from the earliest part of that decade. I could have enjoyed this movie as a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, as I would have done with my peers but not now <br /> <br /> Much of the problem is a lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies move with the rhythm of a snail while others can run very fast and have an awareness of themselves that leads to a ridiculous final scene involving a DJ. In the same way, some can be killed by a kick in the face while others remain alive even if they have their heads cut off, wait to see the scene of the fridge, you could just die laughing. Even the serious characters suffer from this kind of sloppy and forced script, in which a character suddenly reveals himself to be a helicopter pilot that leads me to ask why the army hired him to drive jeeps for a career <br / > <br /> Obviously you. I am reminded of the previous film THE CRAZIES which also reminded me of the next 28 films. A group of terrorists breaks into a scientific base that leads to all kinds of disasters, since the military is the villains who try to kill both the sick and the survivors and long before the end you will understand that virtually everyone dies. The problem with this is that you will be immediately reminded of how the British franchise has done much better with a bigger budget. Not only that, but the franchise 28 is aimed at an attentive audience that may have little interest in the average horror film. ZOMBI 3 will not like anyone but a hardcore splatter audience
