In 1979 Lucio Fulci published his film Zombi. However, due to the previous import of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, which had already appeared with this name for its Italian version, it was renamed to Zombi 2. (Which also has the advantage of making the public believe that this was the sequel to the second film Romero). Continuing on this theme, the second Zombi film, which would have been called Zombi 2, was then titled Zombi 3. In the UK, the original Zombi (ie Zombi 2) movie was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, the second film Zombi (Zombi 3) ​​was then titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its release in the UK. (Are you following this?) So if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn, then 2 is his Day of the Dead? Although this is just an irreverent observation, this history of military compounds, helicopters and a tiring narrative certainly bears a vague thematic resemblance. <br /> <br /> Some of Fulci's European management pushes into a film like this, but the acting dubbing and heavy script are absolutely horrendous. His ecological message is so forced and overrated that he can no longer be considered a subtext, while there is a (unwittingly) exhilarating tribute from Birds. Combining this last element with 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason I couldn't stop thinking about Time of the Apes (q.v.) for as long as I was watching this. Obviously it's not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing here that can compete with topless scuba diving, with wrestling zombies and eyes on a splinter, Fulci's misogynistic inclinations resolve with the mouth of a hotel clean earth in a mirror until blood spurts. Also his predilections for the Pharaonic gan see a hand that breaks. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is torn away, first by a zombie, then a zombie fetus tearing itself from the stomach of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> In terms of production, this is obviously a step forward from Zombi, coming five years later. (Nine years in terms of release worldwide). But without the low-key charm of the original, Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. The soundtrack by Fabio Frizzi was one of the best things about the 1979 movie. Here the attacks of zombies are reproduced to what seems disturbing as "Holding Out For A Hero" by Bonnie Tyler. In the midst of this carnage we receive an annoying love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two bland types of macho who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly affirm the obvious. ("We are out of ammunition" for a stall gun is a special feature). But where he falls he too is in the zombies themselves. Low key or not, Fulci's original had really magnificent and decaying zombies. Skull faces, worms in their sockets ... they were really something to look at. On the contrary, this boring follow-up opts for the more traditional option "men with some paint on their faces". <br /> <br /> The climax rips too many Romero movies even to be fun, while the use of the DJ is a coarse and inexpensive narrative device. Not containing the same elements of indignation and gratuitous nakedness of the first, it is unlikely to have the same cult charm. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually came out on the project after reporting only fifteen minutes, the rest filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure even Fulci would get bogged down in the ridiculous scene of the "flying zombie head", and therefore would have given the director the merit of having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, it is his name that is above the title of the film in the releases, so most people will have the impression that this is a Fulci film. On this scale, therefore, it is a great setback for him, because this film commits what you imagine Fulci would consider the worst crime of all: to be boring.
