Zombi 3 begins when a group of heavily armed men steals an experimental chemical substance developed to revive the dead, while he tries to escape the man is hit and the metal container containing the chemical is opened. The man takes part of the green chemical on a wound on his hand that shortly turns it into a meat that eats cannibal zombies. Within a few hours the surrounding area is crawling with meat approaching the undead to look for new victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army friends find themselves in big trouble as they stop to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring ) and his friend Lia (Deborah Bergammi) who was caught by the zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must stop the plague of zombies from spreading around the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This film produced in Italy was to be directed by Lucio Fulci, the Italian author of zombie films, but the story suffered a stroke and therefore could not finish the film so that the producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of the second unit Bruno Mattei and scriptwriter Claudio Fragasso to intervene and complete the film. Apparently Mattei and Fragasso did much more than finish it, in reality they ignored many shots of the movie and added many and Zombi 3 became almost a 50/50 split. Fragasso's script is an absolute disaster, none of this is well thought out and it's just as stupid as ever. The scenes of the zombie birds that attack people are not only technically inept, but the whole idea is simply absurd. The zombies have no consistency, they look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow as they go, but then they look at the scene where she was attacked by the zombie with the machete because she runs around like she's on steroids, so for no reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the movie ends the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak that also seems silly. There are so many things that don't go in Zombi 3, scene after scene of terribly thought out and impeccably managed action, a terrible dialogue in English of a terrible and boring character that doesn't make sense half the time. Then there is the embarrassing scene in which the zombie head inside the refrigerator suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, the scene where the boys in white contamination clothes eventually stand for killing Kenny and Roger, instead of using their automatic rifles they decide to try them and kill them by hand, even when Kenny picks up a gun they still refuse to use their rifles and when Kenny starts shooting them all still refuse to use the their rifles and is one of the most skillfully manipulated scenes ever filmed and then there is the end where Kenny leaves by helicopter but fails to rest on the ground for a few seconds to literally take his friend and then a load of zombies suddenly piles of grass sprout from underneath, what? Since when do zombies still hide themselves under piles of grass? All this may seem "funny" but believe me it is not, it is a really bad film that is boring, repetitive and simply does not work at any level like a piece of entertainment, except for some involuntary laughs. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know who was responsible for what exactly, but none of the footage is particularly well shot. It has a carefree feeling lifeless and for some reason the producers have tried to wet every scene in the mist, the problem is that clearly they only had a fog machine and you can see that in a corner of the screen the haze is visibly thicker as it is coming out of the car directly and is thinning as it disperses onto the scene. Since a lot is set during the day, it does not add any kind of atmosphere and when it does well and the fog is evenly spread on the screen it looks like they shot the scene on a foggy day! The direction is scarce without consistency and seems only the bottom of the barrel. Even the blood and the blood are not by far, there is a bloody hand that breaks at the beginning, a scene in which something pierces the stomach of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (something that actually took her away the legs in the pool by the way & why didn't he take the legs off the guy who jumped in to save her?) and some OK looking zombies are so bloody. For all those who hope to see a gore festival like those that Fulci regularly served during the late 1970s and early 1980s will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeding scenes, no intestines, no "coup of head "and very little gore to all. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is poor, the special effects are low cost, the cinematography is boring, the music is terrible, the locations are insignificant and have a lower production value. This was actually filmed in the Philippines to keep the cost to a minimum. The whole film is obviously nicknamed, the acting still looks horrible and the English version seems to have been written by someone who doesn't understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a sequel to Fulci classic zombi fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it apart from the cash-in title. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateur movie mess, it's boring, it doesn't make sense, it's not fun enough to entertain and it lacks good blood. One to avoid.
