Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did it. However, I wanted to be able to enjoy it to be another zombie movie that was worth my booty, and it wasn't. This was a different kind of fun. This was unhealthy, a perverse joy that I considered watching one of the most ridiculous movies I've ever seen. And I don't care much about Fulci's apologies, there was no excuse for this movie that was going well. This was a bad movie all around, yet I still can't give it under a 4 out of ten, which is what I gave, because ... at least I managed to laugh at this misfit movie. <br /> <br /> I had to imagine these zombies, which were everywhere the ceilings of these buildings ... they had to imagine that they were either bored to death, so they climbed up the beems and perched themselves on the stone erections, or they saw the fleshy and lively mass of balls that was approaching, so they took care of numerous aerial ambushes. Hell, what else is there to do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies that performed what looked like swings, kicks and martial arts jumps, and some that dragged on like traditional meatloafs. I feasted my eyes on a floating head that was never explained. I watched with horrible delight as the land they were in, the Phillipenes, was absolutely submerged in fog, with heavy doses of fog, and that the ponds were as if we were boiling castle ditches. I even had to shudder when I saw that the design of a cure for this plague had been drawn on a blackboard like an octagon with lines extending from every corner, with "Dead One" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of zombie care is so easy, then I wonder if I could come up with something to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> All things considered The effects were out of bounds, the horrors of dubbing, I am sure that the original acted as poor, the story absurd, the zombies incoherent, even in a wrong way they could all be similar, and ugly women, but I found myself enjoying this thing. It was a funny watch. It turned out to be a very bad film, and I wouldn't recommend this unless you find yourself in bad directing movies, but again, I say ... it was worth a good laugh. I crave zombie movies no matter what, but when this has the Fulci name attached to it, it should be much better. Let me dare say, Zombie Holocaust was better.
