I'm a huge fan of Lucio Fulci, yet I have to say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") of 1988, which he created with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a real disappointment. Especially compared to its great predecessor, the classic Gori by Fulci "Zombi 2" (known as "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") from 1979, this is very disappointing. Of course, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it's not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who don't like Italian zombie movies, and as an enthusiastic fan of Italian horror movies and low-budget Exploitation movies , I love many movies that have been awarded only with much lower grades. Moreover, many of my Italian Horror comrades seem to think that this film is undervalued, which unfortunately I cannot agree with. Not that the film was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, especially the effects of Fulci's nauseating blood, which are always a pleasure to watch for an Italian Horror / Gore buff. Even the basic idea of ​​the film is not bad (although very far from the original) and I liked the merciless representation of the army. Unfortunately, that's all. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely bloody, but in addition to this also genuinely disturbing, this is not disturbing or scary for a minute, and the nauseating and often grotesque blood is the only real reason to look at "Zombi 3". The film is sometimes fun to watch, but only for blood and as an involuntary comedy. I imagine it was mainly the blood that came from Fulci, and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a group of bad cult films (such as "Porno Holocaust" by D'Amato) , and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst films ever made, the terrible "Troll 2". Overall, this is certainly watchable, but of all the Fulci movies I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen most of this great director's repertoire. I'm a Fulci fan, and I always will be, but this is certainly not his magic moment. It might be cool-headed fun, but I recommend watching any other Fulci movies before that!
