I cannot remain indifferent in the films of Lars van Trier. I consider "Breaking the Waves" nothing less than a masterpiece. I loved "Dancer in the Night". I admired the idea in "Dogville", but the overall exercise seemed too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. 'Europe' that I see only now was a famous film in its time, in the United States it succeeded in obtaining the relative success of a European film and obtained the Oscar for best foreign language film, but in my opinion it did not survive well. It is also a too explicit and extrovert exercise in film art for my taste. <br /> <br /> The plot has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. Treat the period immediately after the Second World War not in the black and white colors of the winners and losers, the perpetrators and the victims but as rather ambiguous times in which people on both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that the lives of nations and individuals changed forever are still a source of disputes even today, others of these were new and courageous two decades ago. Yet it is the means of expression that actually does not seem suitable to the task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to include many quotations that descend directly from Hitchcock's films, in particular his first films set in the pre-Europe, with brave British spies fighting the evil German spies on the trains crossing at high speed the continent in the dark. Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparks of the rebirth of Germany after the war, of its strength, of its obsession with order and regulation, punctuality and civilization. The characters that populate the train are far from being the classic espionage stories of the good or the bad. The main character of a young American of German descent who arrives in post-war Europe and wants to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators who seem more oppressive occupiers, with the losers not resigned to their destiny, but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love mixed with doubt and betrayal. <br /> <br /> It is still this treatment of classic film that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters, in particular of Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and not very credible. The overall cinematography seems not to be similar to Hitchcock, but rather a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 1930s. Even the use of color on the black and white film used in most cases in moments of emotional intensity is too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means, but it is too demonstrative, he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker is. It is truly exceptional, as will be shown in some of his later films, but will be left to the spectators only to decide.
