... but I expected better from Caroline Munro. He made some good films and I hoped it would be just as nice. in fact, she and this other blonde girl (the girl who was electrocuted I think) were the only two of the 8-11 actors who could act. this movie has the worst acting I've ever seen. almost ugly as "Psycho" (1998). the really stupid part was when the woman was in the shower and Marty maneuvered her to pour the battery acid in there. she starts screaming, and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the world. she tries to get out, but "accidentally" re-enters. I admit that violence and history are good, along with the music of Harry Manfredini, but the acting could have been VERY VERY. there were two other characters, franco and joe. I don't know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to dan akyroyd. besides, when they find the woman's fried corpse in the bathtub, you would think that they would be screaming and vomiting. No. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only ones to react. Frank and Joe hardly show any signs of fear or disgust. I don't know about you, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would vomit. also, when Joe starts saying things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it wasn't our fault." he says it like his nervous or scared but barely shows any facial expression. then the blonde girl starts crying and says "I'm afraid, frankly!" and she grabs joe. I guess the actress really didn't know which guy she was. the film's ending is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the climax of "jaws: revenge". all eight friends end up dead, Marty kills them all, but then, you see something that looks like he's being chased by their rotting corpses, and then he just kills again in the hospital since the accident, and then when the movie ends, Marty gets she dresses as a nurse trying to sedate him, but then we see that Marty has put on her clothes or something, kills a doctor, and the film ends with a pounding skin that comes off her face. which brings me to this next question. WHAT WAS THE WRITER ON WHEN HE WAS WITH THIS?!?!?!?! did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? the ending left me so confused. were the characters still alive? Does Marty still hold a grudge? the events we have just seen do not happen yet or are they not at all? I do not know. Overall, this film was pretty stupid. the acting was disgusting, the music was fine, the plot was pretty decent (except for the finale). after all, this is just one of your frivolous teenage boys. see it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film was released from intentional drug abuse. I guess he was the only person who knew that this movie was what it really was. A HEAP OF SH **
