The film opens with a flashback to Doddsville County High School on April 1st. A group of students play a joke on the Marty class nerd. When they are punished for playing the joke, they follow a bigger joke that (for the slasher movie course that make jokes to classy nerds) becomes incredibly awry leaving Marty burned by the fire and disfigured by the acid for the sake of being complete . Let's take a five-year leap forward, where we find members of the student body who gather in the now-abandoned school for their five-year class meeting. We find that it is no coincidence that everyone at the meeting belonged to the group of pranksters in the flashback scene, since all the participants are persecuted and killed by a mysterious murderer disguised as a jester in an increasingly complicated and unbearable way. Sherlock Holmes does not serve to solve the mystery of the murderer's identity, as it turns out to be no less than a scarred Marty who seems to have used his nerdy rage and his intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering for the purpose of equip the school for its revenge scenario. The film takes a turn for the bizarre as Marty ends his revenge on his ex-tormentors, only to be haunted by their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed over the edge and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of disjointed strangeness while the whole scenario of revenge turns out to be a dream, firstly when Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, frees himself from his constraints, stabs a nurse and finally pulls out his face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror film logic. The only originality comes from the incredibly twisted ways that the victims were sent. The absurd end to this was the dream of all dreams. It is almost as if someone had emphasized the disconnected nature of the film and the writer decided then and there that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the film is atrocious. Some scenes were shot so obscure that I had to pause the movie and play with color on my TV. The acting is sub-par, even for slasher movies. I can't help thinking that casting was part of the problem since all the actors are at least five years older than the characters they portray, which makes the flashback scene even more unintentionally ridiculous. Their lack of commitment to the film is evident in the fact that half of them do not care about keeping their accents through the film. <br /> <br /> All this is said, if you like horror movies, you might like this one. It is not the worst film of the genre, but it is far from the best.
