What of Domino I hated about everything, and I mean everything, otherwise? Perhaps it was the general glorification of being a bounty hunter; perhaps it was sexism disguised as an engaging and interesting study by a female protagonist with a robust build; maybe it was the simple look of the movie with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue hues or the way an actress like Lucy Lui is needed; who deserves much better than this junk; and makes her sit there in the only place in the room where the light can't hit directly with the same stupid look on her face. Maybe it's the assembly; that hideous quick assembly of fire and the way the lines of dialogue echo as they are spoken by people like Kiera Knightly who, if you buy as a bounty hunter, then you will probably be able to fool yourself into believing that the world will end in 2012. <br /> <br /> No one departs from Domino with any credibility whatsoever, absolutely none. It is a painful and misguided experience, inspired by things like Natural Born Killers and letting ideas wander to an audience that is not even there for them. The main question is: "Was Domino to be a kind of comedy?" the one who with his hilarious trouble pronounces some lines that desperately want us to think that she is becoming "tough" but in reality, looks more like an arrogant fifteen year old on her first day of public school, trying to impress her peers. There are things that you really don't know how to react to, whether they should be fun or not. If it is supposed to be a comedy, this raises the following question: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really the type worth exploiting for laughter?" I don't think so. <br /> <br /> The film opens with the title card "Based on a true story ........ sort of". If this should be some sort of postmodernist technique that allows director Tony Scott to fold and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his sole purpose, then you are simply on another planet. The truth is that in this initial quote the film identifies the subject and the original text before it is completely erased and to say "kind of" which I imagine should allow them to make Domino older than themselves and appear on Jerry Springer. Later, we learn of Domino's relationship with his father who died in the film when he was ten or something; here is the first use of the "species of" policeman, given that in real life he was only four years old. But if the film were passed by dates of reality, his entire record would have been born from the death of ........ his goldfish. <br /> <br /> We are then put into action with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) itself and aspiring amorous interest Choco (Ramírez). During the scene, an American mother is stuck in her own trailer in the back of nothing as she begs for her son's life to be spared. What a very misguided opening; presenting his three protagonists as bad people who break into trailers, they shoot weapons against innocents of which we know nothing and approach to shoot their dogs. <br /> <br /> The immediate feeling is of hatred towards the three leads, a feeling of 'No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening? The bad seeds are planted and, you wouldn't know, they attack. The film is painful to look at, atrocious even; while these three make their way through the complete piece of performances by famous actors for the characters of Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another stupid post-modernity, the people who play and that "kind of" Joker card that is played again . Christopher Walken also appears in a really stupid role reminiscent of the character of Robert Downey Jr's Natural Born Killers. <br /> <br /> As the film moves and Domino is thrown into the band of Ed and Choco, purely for his good looks I might add, it seems between the plot to do with the registration of fake drivers or something Choco and Domino can have feelings for each other. The problem is that every actor is doing such a bad job in their characters; there is neither chemistry nor feeling between the two; the film is not a love story, so why even bother to go down that road in the first place? Does anyone care about these two characters amidst all the quick changes and things that explode? If there is a "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it exists on a scale so small, tiny and minimalist that you have to ask yourself why it is even included. <br /> <br /> So the film feels the need to crank up things on the narrative level. Let's find out the reason for the fake I.Ds that are connected to someone else and a guy talking on a cell phone in a sound-proof bubble. I can believe the sound-proof bubble, but how does it put the phone under water and inside the bubble, in the first place without flooding? Must have swum very quickly ?? double the fasting rate of the film which means something in the region of 0.01 of a second. Yes sure. The story of the film becomes at the same time too complicated and simply arbitrary before resorting to a really stupid climax in which other things explode. Also, there is a really unpleasant scene to do with a wallpaper full of new ethnicities and the comedy of the movie runs so dry, that it has to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" sing while people are on a popular American talk show. When did we last laugh at "Jerry! Jerry!"? when were we, say, seven years? I came away feeling sad and depressed in the existence of such a film.
