I don't know if the problems of this film are more the fault of Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews the editing style is definitely excessive. It is absolutely distracted and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the film. I don't write many reviews here, but I heard that this movie was so terrible that it deserved comment. Movies like this erode into Movie making as an art form. Films like this show more and more clearly that the current attention of reality in cinema is revealing the quality of the characters behind them. People perfect us, there are 5 senses and business sense, neglecting our inner life. However I do not blame them, it is increasingly the unfortunate condition of this age - qualified by films like this. But by proxy, these producers would not dare to call Artists throwing up the lack of inner life or consideration on the screen - spreading it to everyone. A story of bounty hunters, guns and other rifles, ostentatious display of sex - for the popular actress (did they write the lap dance scene after they signed it?), Beyond saturated, exaggerated, one, not linear plots All different and yet all the same. Annoying overwhelming music to push the emotion into the throat. A story? a character development? or simply restrained, missing information, eventually revealed to create the effect * of a story - as if it had happened. Absolutely missing everything that looks like thinness. It is a caricature of stereotypes and gender. Where are the movies with Awareness? What about the subtlety of sound and music that you don't even know about? And the depth of a look? What about editing with a point concerning mind and consciousness? yes, even in action movies this can happen. Of course they have honed a trade; but what is it for without soul or wisdom? of intuition in the human condition? People who have commented and said that this is an apogee of art, or compare it to Picasso and others - I say put it next to Gandhi or to the Godfather, even to the original trilogy of star wars or the lord of the rings; then look me in the face and say it again. He is a good crew, but they need help with depth and history. I hope they get it because I like the crews' previous work. next time you'll be luckier.
