This was another obscure Christmas title, a low-budget Mexican production by filmmaker Cardona (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), what ?? how many gender efforts from this country ?? was acquired for release in the United States by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by those two efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary ?? and, that which has already received its share of flak here, is certainly not better! The film, in fact, is quite fragrant with the strangeness that characterized the Mexican horror releases of the time, but conferred an additional dimension by virtue of the garish color (which, given the prominence of the reds apart from San Nick himself), the devil plays an important role in the proceedings in all, it was essential). In any case, in a nutshell, the plot involves Satan's efforts to thwart the Christmas Eve rendez-vous with the children of Earth; there is, however, much more bewilderment along the way: to begin with, our corpulent human lives, with a white beard and chronically cheerful in a heavenly palace that, in addition to accompanying the children of toys from around the world in his piano while sing (painfully throughout the first roll!) in their native language, visit Merlin ?? the famous magician of the court of King Arthur, here disconcerted but amused to stutter like a boy and mumble meaningless words! ?? once every year to acquire potions that would bring drowsiness to the young and make themselves invisible (by the way, the anachronistic presence of the Magician here is no less unlikely than that of being a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in SON OF Dracula [1974] !!); by the way, at this time, it seems that he has always gained a little excess weight, so Father has to train himself to be able to adapt to every proverbial chimney! The devil's antics (rubbing hands enthusiastically at each corner and generally holding it) to keep up with St. Nick's delivery schedule, therefore, are perfectly childish: in fact, their tit-for-tat little shits look like an old one Laurel & Hardy routine other than anything else! To complete the execution time, we focus on three groups of children: one, the solitary child of a wealthy couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than their company (projected as a fantasy of satisfaction of the possessions in which the boy finds his parents wrapped in extra-large packages!), a girl from a poor family who wants to own a doll of her own (the horned one tempts her before stealing one, then invades the child's dreams without success) and a trio of kids who, repeated from Satan, he thinks of nothing but causing malice and eventually falls between them. There is certainly imagination at work here, but it is applied with a small rhyme or reason, while the general youthful approach maintains entertainment (unless one considers the guilty pleasure of the film) at bay!
