This Santa Claus movie starts off strange and I think Santa could be a pawn. Instead of the usual elf producers, this Santa Claus apparently kidnapped kids from all over the world and makes them sing a bit like the "It's a Small World" characters! I imagine that there are no laws on child labor on the mysterious astral plane on which he lives (apparently it is NOT the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these children seem very happy and I continued to wish to see the commandos break in and save the tykes, although I believe that for some of the third world children, these working conditions were perhaps an improvement over the local exploitation factories. I really hope that all they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then, the scene abruptly changes to hell where a lot of demons dance like in a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun is interrupted by Satan who orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to ruin Christmas !! Personally, I thought this movie had already done it! The devil and his goblins are actually kind of cute - like Hot Stuff from Harvey's comics but with fantastic evil laces! Or, if you are Puerto Rican, like a veiling mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Somehow a Mexican boy, poor in poverty, named Lupita, a group of little boys who want to attack Santa and a rich child are the key battlefields for the Devil and Santa !! So if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, it's the OTHER Prince of Darkness) he can somehow force her to steal and be bad, she'll win - what, we don't really know! In fact, while they are conducting it, one gets the impression that the directors intend that Santa Claus is Jesus - since he has all these great powers and fights the devil on the souls of children! Later, Santa Claus meets his friend, Merlin. He asks him to make him a special powder that makes one dream of pleasant dreams. Considering how much Santa laughed in the film (like a crazy squirrel), I suppose he has to use this drug VERY! He immediately goes to see a blacksmith who makes it a magic key that opens ALL the doors. Considering that he keeps children like his personal 'assistants', this magic key thing worries me immensely! During Santa's Christmas Eve run, see Lupita behaving like a little angel - a problem below. Now, Santa takes time to care for the rich boy whose parents are selfish idiots. It gives them a sort of crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems solved. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs helps children and solves problems! And as for the small robbers, give them coal! Frustrated with his losses to Santa, Pitch then attempts to steal the sled (which is pulled by disturbing animatronic deer). When this fails, it destroys Santa's "magic powder" supply! As a result, Santa cannot become invisible to avoid dogs and get treed. Uh, oh ... how can Santa make a detour to the Betty Ford Clinic if he's stuck in a tree ?! Will St. Nick come down from the tree and take the monkey off his shoulders or will the devils win? If you are interested, tune in and see. However, be warned that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the film is yecchy. While it's in color, it's really gorgeous. The music is mostly performed on an organ - which, together with the bad singing of children, produces perhaps the worst soundtrack I've ever heard in recent memories. And the story is simply incomprehensible and very, very, very disturbing. The devils and a Santa Claus who kidnap children are simply simple bitches. It's a movie you should never show to children, but it's a great movie to watch with friends, so you can laugh from start to finish!
