Whether you watch the normal version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the entire GALL that went into this production. Filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from end to end and obviously don't care what they are doing. <br /> <br /> All at a ridiculous price. Even the 1950s car in that flashback sequence seems to have been pulled out of a landfill. <br /> <br /> The "hobgoblins" are, as you probably know, "made" with poorly crafted hand puppets and stuffed animals; when a person should be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is held by the victim in his own body. When the critters move away from the two security guards, this is shown (or rather, not shown) by the camera pointing towards the guards as they look down and turn their heads as if they were watching the hobgoblin run past. Remember the scene of the movie "Tangenti" in which two people are among the ruins of a future world, they observe the wreck and nothing is shown. Budget constraints related to total incompetence generally mean that you won't have anything worth showing, so why try? The "sets" were absolutely ridiculous. "Club Scum" was an obvious dinner; the house seems to have been an empty house - probably for rent or sale - that the production company got for an hour or two to shoot. The "spacecraft" is something I should have been ashamed to build when I was a 10 year old model. <br /> <br /> The motivations of the characters do not make sense - Kevin is denigrated by his ungrateful thankless girl because he did not make her "proud of him". I'm sure this was meant to make their reconciliation oh so touching in the end, but any guy with real self-respect would tell her to go to hell and leave her. Nick is supposedly back from 2 months of military training (yes, nice regulatory haircut, Nick,) and seems intent on proving that our country is defended by sadistic and moral animals that are sexual maniacs. Kyle is a phone-sex maniac in red shorts who dreams of a night with a spandex-dominatrix type, but he's so effeminate that he's more likely than gay. One of the girls is a modest one and the other one is disgusting. <br /> <br /> And the hobgoblin? Eventually they all return to the vault where they lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed by how primitive filmmaking can be in our modern era when you have an idiotic script, an incompetent direction, actors who are so bad as to be rejected by a high school theater production and sets worthy of Edward D. Wood , Jr.
