"House Of Evil" aka "Dance Of Death" from 1968 is the first of four notorious and strange latest films starring the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972) which were all released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House Of Evil" was published in 1968 , when Karloff was still alive. "House Of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly all pretty crappy, but they certainly have their entertainment value like the unintended comedies they are. Personally I prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" to the other two, simply because the lack of the slightest logic is even more extreme, and since there is no suspense in any of the films, the lack of logic increases the fun factor involuntary. <br /> <br /> The strange story (I don't know if I can really call it a "plot") is set somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls were killed and found with torn eyes, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his few remaining relatives to his bizarre villa, which is full of disturbing toys. His relative includes Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I don't want to reveal any more of the story, but I can assure you that it's pretty weird for the whole movie. There are some very funny moments, especially some things that the Karloff character says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and important icons of the horror genre that ever existed, and he manages to confer this strange film with some of his greatness, and even if (or why) his role is (due to a poor script and direction) in any way frightening, it seems that he deliberately plays it with a sense of humor. Just like in the successes of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female lead is again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Much of his support performances are hilarious, the cinematography is terrible and the settings and scenarios are under contempt. The plot lacks the minimum of logic and the dialogue often has no meaning whatsoever. It is the poor history and dialogue, however, that makes this film so fun to watch. "House Of Evil" could be an extremely crappy attempt at a movie, but it is certainly (involuntarily) as fun as it is bad. Fans of Ed Wood's films should have a lot of fun, I personally found it funny. Crappy but fun however, and certainly worth watching as there is Boris Karloff and the fun factor. 3/10
