I had some time to kill before watching football, so I saw this movie offered on the scifi channel and literally after watching it I thought I had met my version of mentally walking the march of Bataan's death while my conscience came beaten submissive by the horrible film that tore the Mummy and Jurassic Park series. It was so bad that I thought the headlines were the highlight of the movie and then fell into such an abysmal descent that it seemed that the recent drop in the stock market looked like an accident. The acting was so bad that I hoped one and all would be buried at the end. The protagonist of Casper Van Dien made me want Steven Seagal's high-level acting in "On Deadly Ground" because her reading was so wooden that Woody Woodpecker was thinking of making a cameo on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I had the impression that my kitten was more expressive when I asked to eat popcorn. The direction was so abysmal that I looked back desiring the play recital of my grade 3 nephew who had more rhythm and a better vision and the fact that this film seems to have been combined by the second thoughts of the aforementioned film franchise cannot not even thought of as a tribute. The FX part of the film was so bad that I thought that director and producers were friendly amicable by recycling the cheap special effects of last year's second-rate horror movies. What Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Lewis were doing in this film is beyond me and should look into the lawsuits against their agents for false statements to involve them in such a movie collapse. My warning to everyone is to watch this movie at your own risk because this movie could decrease your IQ with prolonged vision. In a side note I noticed from IMDb that sometimes the salaries for the movies are published, I was wondering if theirs is a way in which actors should pay back salaries for their poor performance in such films. Attention and safety avoided at all costs.
