The Fallen Ones begins with the archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert discovering the mummified remains of a 42-foot giant, now there's something you don't see every day. Matt is working for real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday village on earth and calls on archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure of. However they both try to figure out what they have in hand when someone on the team disappears, Morton calls security guy Ammon (Navid Negahban) to handle the situation. Meanwhile, the ancient translator of texts, Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley), translates an ancient text (as he would have done) and is shocked to learn a wicked prophecy in which these giants will rise and conquer the world for the Fallen One , or something like that. It is up to Matt to save the day and the entire planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the film as the ancient warrior chief at the beginning, I personally thought that The Fallen Ones was a terrible movie and it's so simple and straightforward. There are so many things that are simply unpleasant for The Fallen Ones both technically and conceptually, the script doesn't make much sense and doesn't go on until the last 20 odd minutes of almost losing the will to live. The characters are horrible and like clichés you want, the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad and the whole movie is predictable, I mean will it not be a surprise that Casper Van Dien is going to save the day? It is not a huge surprise that the mummified giant will come back to life so why wait more than an hour in the film when most of the audience will be in some sort of comatose state. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook does not impress, the fight scenes are absolutely horrible and why dress your villains in a horrible shade of purple? They look naff. To give it a bit of merit the special effects on the giant mummy are actually good even if there aren't many because it hasn't appeared for over an hour, there are also normal-sized mummies that seem to come directly from the set of The Mummy (1999), unfortunately these are not used to great effects and in fact are wasted as a bit of comic relief. The mechanical Mummy was a good idea, but it seemed stupid and on Earth there is no way that all those people inside could work in sync with each other to make it work, actually I think the idea is more ridiculous. Forget any fear, tension or atmosphere and don't even think about gore or violence, because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically The Fallen are nothing special and apart from the impressive giant mummy effects there is little of her to be enthusiastic. The CGI ghost and the effects of the water are terrible, it was made for TV and they are shows. The acting was mediocre, Wagner seems embarrassed and this is probably the only thing Dien & Bosley can get in these days. <br /> <br /> Fallen Ones are a bad movie, there are no two ways to do this as far as I'm concerned. Not recommended at any level or in any way to be avoided.
