The tragedy of the doomed Titanic ship has inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always captured the imagination of man. The last film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by the famous action filmmaker James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) of different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how their love triumphs over social barriers and the tragedy of a ship sinking happens to be up. <br /> <br /> First of all, although I used a historical name, this film had little interest in the story. The plot was built around two imaginary lovers, French diamonds and treasure hunters. The death of over a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of his time became a simple background. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg's warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue because its captain did not identify the distress signal? To omit these facts is an insult to the tragedy. And for what purpose to season this historic disaster with fictionalized fictionalized fictionals when the plot is already so sad. <br /> <br /> The general plot was rather superficial; rich equal to greed and corruption, poverty is equivalent to compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a film about how money corrupts. There was absolutely no human side shown in the anti-heroes. It seemed that Billy Zane was playing a part of the devil. The casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear it was his baby-sitter. The length of the film was unnecessarily lengthened for over 3 hours. The first hour and a half was wasted in establishing the relationships between the characters that were known to the public long before they went to the theater and the dialogue used to do so made it even worse. Listening to banal lines like "I see you" and "This is my part of the ship" has generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. Moreover, the jokes were too abundant and rather boring. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" involved some moving scenes such as the one in which the musicians played while the ship was sinking, but they were by no means close to anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved a prize. <br /> <br /> Although this film lacked artistic value in a general sense, the public could not resist a sentimental story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the film became a success. Now it is safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money in a single film, so it seems that "Titanic" has achieved something after all.
