ELEPHANT WALK was an absolutely boring film and I was really happy when finally a herd of elephants stormed the villa and finished this film. Considering the money and the cast, you would surely expect the film to be much better, although I also wonder about the strange cast of Dana Andrews as a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I can't see the couple as a couple. Perhaps some of this could be to blame for Miss Taylor's last-minute replacement with Vivian Leigh (due to Miss Leigh's deteriorating mental condition) - although I also have difficulty visualizing Andrews and Leigh as well. Also, for an English woman, Miss Taylor doesn't even seem to try to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor meeting and getting married in England. Their plan is to return to the Finch tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to and the domestic staff seems to resent it. Beyond that, Finch behaves like a prankster when he gets home and Taylor is unhappy. The neighbor Andrews can see it and declares his eternal passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to abandon her marriage. But over the course of the film Finch treats Liz more and more as an object and is finally ready to go ... when, all of a sudden, Colera hits the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - although I didn't care at this point, because there is absolutely no connection between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring and you can't understand why Taylor didn't leave her sneaky husband within a few days of arriving in this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not particularly endearing or convincing and despite Paramount's decent budget, the film is a slow mess. In particular, I was surprised that, although the film was shot outdoors, many scenes were clearly shot in a studio with a shot projected on the back (and grainy) that was not well integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the lot are sitting on the porch and the grass is bright green. Then, when the image cuts to people dancing right in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that in reality I am not in Ceylon in this scene or in the scene with the giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant during a part of this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) he wears inflated clothes, has a double chin and looks swollen. This is not a criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look closely, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the basic storyline in many ways is similar to GIANT - a great Taylor film indeed! It's amazing how casting and decent direction can do so much.
