After arresting the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, is charged with bringing the killer back to Italy. On the road, however, the plane is diverted to Malta. Not long after the landing, the killer runs away. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, deputy Geronimo is out to win back a murderer. But will it be his "shoot first, take names after" mark of justice work in Texas in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me know right away, I saw Final Justice with and without the comment of the Mystery Science Theater 3000. I saw the cut scenes that help make the film a more coherent whole. And I saw the cut TV version that was used for MST3K. Having said that, I must admit that I much prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is a lousy movie. The MST3K comment helps make it much more palatable. In itself, it is a real snoozer of an action film with banal dialogues (often pronounced with Italian accents so thick that it is impossible to understand), bad acting, weak direction, gigantic holes in the plot and almost everything you will find in a bad movie. And if most of Final Justice wasn't "so bad, it's good", it would be a terribly boring film above all else. So, yes, I like the MST3K comment often very funny about the bad movie alone. <br /> <br /> My main critical points with the MST3K commentary and with most of the reviews I read in Final Justice, however, involve the criticisms of Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses of Baker's performance actually have nothing to do with his size or the wardrobe choices of his character or any other joke launched in his direction. Instead, I think a lot has to do with the poor decision to hit him in the first place. Joe Don Baker has always struck me as a fairly decent actor, but he's not the kind of guy I'd call an "action hero" with a little imagination. He is more of a companion than he has shown with solid performance in a couple of James Bond films. Or if you really want to blame someone for problems with Final Justice, point the finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's curriculum cannot begin to compare with Baker's. So I say "fire Joe Don Baker!"
