Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a plump killer cop sweating in a stupid cowboy suit that Roy Rogers would have laughed at. Somehow he still has a badge, probably because he lives in Texas and will let EVERYTHING be the police. <br /> <br /> This greasy loser is a deputy sheriff near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, he was once a Texas Ranger, but he was expelled because he seemed to think the law was his personal bouncing ball to play with at his discretion. This includes shooting suspects across the international border in Mexico, beating up suspects, cheating gunfights, threatening women, starting gun battles that could be avoided, and being able to get the life of a child threatened in the process, leaving that the women promised that she would help and be protected from being killed just to get out of prison, etc. etc. This guy makes Los Angeles cops similar to the saints in comparison. <br /> <br /> When his partner is killed by a pair of wandering Italian murderers, the character of Joe Don hunts them down and kills one of them. Then he brings the other to Italy at the behest of a certain Mr. Wilson, who rightly thinks that Joe Don will make a lot of mess. In record time, he lost the Italian and blew up a Maltese cruiser. This is only the first of many deaths and major destruction that Joe Don leaves behind as he launches into Malta in search of Palermo (the Italian assassin). <br /> <br /> Thus begins the part of the mobius tape the film, in which our hero is arrested, held by a Maltese police chief, exits and causes more problems, is arrested, is instructed by the police chief. .. and so on, and so on. Until you don't want to blow your brains with Joe Don's ivory handgun and get rid of the horror. <br /> <br /> Joe Don demonstrates his uselessness as soon as Palermo escapes, but in the subsequent chase in a boat that falls in a single punch. Then he is captured by Palermo after threatening a woman with a hanger. You hope that Palermo will really torture him in the underground cell where he was placed, but no, the stripper who threatened him came to get him, because he promised to protect her. His throat is immediately cut (big surprise) and Joe Don flees into the night. And here you hope he can be drowned in the chase (yet another) by boat. But even the ocean does not want it, and spits it out on a beach where it is suckled by a poor Maltese family (what have they ever done to deserve it?) Back in town, where he is arrested by the police, he lectures from the police chief. .. arrrgghhh! The police officer who escorted him around frees him to go and get Palermo. Because she would do something so cerebral as to destroy her career for this great slob that is beyond me. It's just a head that staggers in fits and starts. <br /> <br /> Exit at the villa where Palermo is hiding, and start shooting. Joe Don cheerfully betrays and kills Palermo. Then he pronounces the great and dazzling last line of the film: "The older one has my badge. Can you go get it for me?" Thank you for that immortal line, Mr. Baker. This will go down in the annals of film history as the most literal, incredible, wonderful last line ever uttered by a character in a movie. Certainly it is in line with all the rest of the character. Good boy.
