Humorous. Wacky. Genuine. Surreal. Butterfly wings? One might wonder what all these words best describe, and some (those that merge with the international film community) could quickly affirm Happenstance, but others could jump aboard the more American train and immediately scream, The Butterfly Effect. Strangely, I would be one of those yelling for that science fiction film Kutcher mainly because none of those words that I initially mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately describe the Tautou feature I saw. Of course, we all loved her in Amelie and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code, but in this film as a debut director (at least of a feature film) Laurent Firode does not offer Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, he does not offer anyone the opportunity to really prove himself because he is too delicately involved in moments of "randomness" to bring this film to anything, but only a twinkle (never a real boiling point). Firode has ample, and I use "ample" as a small word, moments in this whole movie where it could have built a fantastic story, a really extravagant fairy tale of love and coincidence, but instead it fell face to face in a mud-color chaotic plots that overwhelmed us with incoherent characters and a story that left us breathless. <br /> <br /> Tautou's handsome face adorns the cover of this box, but don't get caught right away as I did assuming this would be another monumental journey into Tautou's French cinema. Tautou is in this film, don't get me wrong, but it could be argued that she is not at the center of this story. Firode's work is to create a series of random events that will eventually lead to a final friend of the public (even if confused) that exemplifies that meaning of refreshing "melodrama". Absolutely, it completely fails. Firode fails giving us, the public, too many characters. With too many characters it gives us too many random interventions, and in the end you don't really care who is who, or what it is, or how it is; your main objective is centered exclusively on the credits and the destination of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from the disaster that was if only Firode had given her the center. Alas, he didn't, but he apparently tried to force a group of 12 through a penny-sized theoretical hole in the film. It just didn't work and there was a jam in which we were completely blocked. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because it focuses "so intensely on the minor details that, for one of those rare film cases, it actually forgets the central point. I can say that there was no central focus defined on Happenstance. At first he tries to create one with our two presumed protagonists discovering that they share the same birthday and their horoscope promises love in the moonlight, but we never go back to that of the film. Instead, again, we are bombarded with new characters , suffocating scenes and meaningless drivel, obviously chosen to get away from a true story and more in a world full of "if and but and but". I couldn't do it I couldn't believe this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same guy who directs this garbage) uses a technique so primitive in this film that it seemed to me immediately to finish immediately.It must have assumed that many of us were incapable of actually following the plot (or the scientific premise ) because it grabs the help of a homeless person to fill in their empty spaces. I didn't need this, nor do I think Firode needed to downplay his audience in this business. While there were other elements that didn't seem to work for me (yet, I felt like a Parisian collage of shredded paper), this was the icing on the cake. I don't need my hand for movies. <br /> <br /> I will give this film a star for merit. This is a rather difficult genre to master successfully. Time travel movies are particularly difficult due to the countless amounts of possibilities that are never taken into consideration, but with Happenstance it works because Firode explores the different roads. While I will answer saying that he does not do it well, it has been for at least five full minutes of fun. I liked the point where Firode was directed with this film, he had a really schematic story, but the final execution simply tore this film to pieces. Firode could have saved this film if he had reinforced his characters, while lightening his premise and his story. I think my general mood in this movie would have changed if these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how I would just like to be able to travel back in time to go back to the production of this film to show Firode its mode errors. <br /> <br /> In general, for the first time (and probably the last), this was a film Tautou that I must say completely disappointed by me. From the spasmodic opening to the apathetic finale, I felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and horrid marketing. Marketing is something I haven't mentioned before, but why would anyone buy this film thinking it was an Amelie 2 (for the title released in Hong Kong), and why you would place Tautou on the cover knowing perfectly that she wasn't wearing this movie at all. I think from the first minute my DVD player went by, this movie was in chaos. While I will applaud his subject, everything else was well below the level of mediocrity. I can't suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Vote: * on *****
