I am an avid fan of violent exploitative cinema, which would never attack a film to be violent or disturbing. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films like "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left" as true classics. Anyone browsing my comments from other users will notice that I am actually very pro-violence / gore when it comes to movies. However, I think there should be at least one point for violence. This piece of shit doesn't make any sense. The first film of the infamous "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely controversial, but, unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has absolutely nothing to recommend. I must say that, before seeing any Guniea-Pig film, I already had the feeling that I would hate this, knowing what it was. Because of his status as one of the most controversial films, I decided I had to see it. I'm very glad I didn't waste money on this pile of shit, and I certainly wouldn't have wasted my time either. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I don't even want to call it a "movie"): it doesn't have it. Three scumbags torture a woman to death for some heartbreaking 40 minutes. That's all. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no suspense; Anything. Simply the disbelief that a movie that shows NOTHING except for a woman who is tortured for no reason enjoys a huge cult following. It's disturbing, I give it. Obviously it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. What is most disturbing, however, is the fact that many people really seem to consider this pile of garbage as a kind of masterpiece. I really can't understand why. The fact that the effects of the gore are realistic cannot be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all the tortures. This makes the film less realistic, which is, in this case, a good thing. This is a film that is disgusting; not for his blood, but for his redundancy, his existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since this is 100% false and no one was hurt during his production, it is legitimate to make a film like that. However, I can't think of one reason why anyone could appreciate this, apart from the morbid desire to look at suffering and the enjoyment of torture. The sequel to this movie "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" gained notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen mistaken him for a real snuff movie and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film turned out to be false. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snuff movie that seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close as possible to a real movie snuff. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit on. Don't torture yourself by giving this piece of shit a test for its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I wish there was a negative scale to appropriately assess this shit stack.
