Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented comedians of today. With his overactive spontaneity and his rubber face, he can go crazy and we love him for it. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (Ace Ventura wing) and turn them into good comedy releases. Or, in the case of "Liar Liar", turn them into some of the most entertaining contemporary comedies. Carrey has also proved capable of dealing with dramas. It was excellent in both "Man on the Moon" and "The Truman Show". The boy is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Then comes "Bruce Almighty", an ideal vehicle for Carrey, and a premise that should have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life stinks, is empowered with the powers of God. However, the script is pure recycled trash. Now, no matter how bad a script is, Carrey's improvisation alone sometimes makes a funny little scene fun. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to be unleashed because much of the comedy is based on silly special effects, only some of which are fun. Carrey is rarely able to improvise because he has to work around special effects. It seems that the writers thought that all these special effects and superpower sequences were fun, because the rest of the film is simply full, giving Carrey nothing else to work with besides a whining character with absolutely no sense of humor. It looks more like a 5-year wish for our attention, which wants the viewer to find what he's doing funny, when it's really annoying. <br /> <br /> I always liked Jennifer Aniston on "Friends" and she was superb in "The Good Girl" last year. She also has a gift for comedy, but with such a linear script, she is simply given the part of the bitter girlfriend. He comes across something annoying, grumpy, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. <br /> <br /> 'Bruce Almighty' should have been a comedy that works. But he doesn't even have the courage to face the topic he is making fun of; religion. A few small laughs (his internet is Yehweh), but instead it has just become a comic superpower comedy. Not to mention the fact that sometimes the tone changes from a fool to a heavy hand and even a black comedy. The film fails on almost all levels. This does not mean that he is completely laughter free, but he is close. Every movie that feels the need to incorporate a dog's pee scenes to get his laugh has problems. But hey, if you find funny pee jokes, try it. <br /> <br />
