When I read the summary of the film, something similar to what happens when a man gets powers of a God, and as he learns later that having supernatural powers requires great responsibility and strength, I thought it was an intelligent and original concept. The casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a film with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of filming, can be bad? Can he. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan is, let's be honest, a rather mediocre journalist, with stories that aren't exactly grandiose (like a story of a giant biscuit, which I miss, and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), Is a man with a completely WONDERFUL job he's a good journalist, he's a comedian), considering his potential, with a nice house, a sweet sweet girl and OH HORROR !!!! Dog that is not trained at home !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce starts talking about a God in a "God, why do you hate me!" way, the average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and certainly NOT the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems that occur to them are minor and are not really worth the confusion it makes, and some of them are actually just the result of its stupidity. Most people have big problems, it is worth sticking to, most people value more than the attention that Bruce, who doesn't seem too human after all, doesn't even seem realistic, too silly and neurotic, but God turns to still to him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman is cute as a god, I can't help but ask him what he's doing in this particularly ugly movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this film could easily give his powers to a 5 year old child and there would be hardly any difference. No, wait, a smart guy would probably use his powers of God better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Brings the moon to the earth to create a romantic atmosphere, devours the red soup, raises a pretty woman's dress on the street, answers prayers by e-mail and makes all these realities come true !!!! Not anymore, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could really end the world, but in the film, this doesn't happen, because this is "nice, familiar, little movie" and it doesn't make any sense !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, of true humor, of wit, of dirty humor at least !!! Anything. Only Carrey playing silly, which is starting to look pathetic on a middle-aged actor. Aniston is undervalued here. She plays the pale and underdeveloped character of Bruce's girl, Grace, and remains completely forgettable in this film. No one with the right mind believes that these two have any chemistry between them. When Grace says that the prayer for Bruce seems not only lame and pathetic, but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt the film deserves one. Malicious scripts, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, wit and refinement, as well as undeveloped characters and roles of Freeman and Aniston underestimated, total lack of audacity and sarcasm, make the film almost worthy of shit. But OK, there were some funny moments, and Freeman is always nice to see in every movie like this, we leave three stars.
