I saw this movie in its first week of 1975. I was 13 and at that moment I found it adequate and a little fun. I then came to discover the Doc Savage WORLD through the Bantam novels of old pulp magazine stories. I had no idea before all of Doc's reign, but I quickly became one of Doc Savage's most ardent fans I could ever meet. I read (and still own) all the Bantam books, I started attending comics (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all kinds of geeky fat kid events) and I had fun with every adventure I did with Doc and ORIGINAL Fab 5. Philip Jose Farmer's Book - Doc Savage's apocalyptic life has become a bit of a bible for me and to this day I have very affectionate feelings about my Doc phase. So saying, I must admit that years later this film he really missed the boat. It's a film that didn't know what he wanted to be when he grew up. The script was childish and showed little resemblance to the history of the mush. These stories from the 1930s were short and if you looked at the profile of Lester Dent (AKA Kenneth Robeson) for writing them, they performed in drama PERFECT 3 that shouted for the treatment of the screen. It would have been thought that with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the helm, it would have been better. The false elements miss the target and the most serious moments almost come there, but then they fail. It is interesting to observe, however, that secondary characters have been hired (guys who had only been players and extras before this film) who have earned very well. Paul Gleason, of course, has become a great utility player in all aspects of entertainment and Bill Lucking is a perennial television. All the others have fallen sadly from the map. I would like to own a copy of this film as it is the only film version of my hero, but I'm afraid I don't look at it much because it's too painful. I would say 0, but I give it to 2 out of 10 instead for some of the artistic direction of the period (Doc's answering machine at the end was a nice touch) and the cast of the third stings taking a moment in the sun.
