I took it out and saw it tonight. I honestly think it must have been 20 years since I last saw it. I remember that it is a seriously imperfect film. I don't remember that it's SO bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely stunned that a project with this great potential should have been reprehensibly abused. Who am I because of this? The 2 guys who wrote (and I use this word freely) the script? The casting directors who have so terribly exchanged at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among "the incredible 5".) The director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, and kept pushing terrible music in addition to bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I liked the acronym - but it should never have been used all the way through the film!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED in some of the lyrics he wrote for that music? <br /> <br /> Calculate that I should take it out, less than a week after rereading the comic's adaptation. The first 15-20 minutes of the film more or less (really, less) are parallel to the first issue of the comic. As I watched him tonight, I kept wondering: why ALMOST every single detail has changed? Doc showing himself, then using his wrist remote to open the safe, and the sniper bullet was missing 5 inches because the refractive glass was practically the only thing left the same. I mean, if you're going to do an "adaptation", WHY does it change in the name of God? <br /> <br /> Once they leave Doc's headquarters, practically Nothing is as it was in the comic book (which, given Roy Thomas, I imagine it probably follows the book). I read somewhere that they actually combined elements of 2 different novels into one movie. Again-- WHY? I heard it was changed because they couldn't guarantee the kind of budget they wanted. I watch the movie, and I think ... THE LACK OF MONEY IN NO WAY explains what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they really should take a look at this thing. The best thing I can say is that I think it would have been a great dual function with the 1966 BATMAN function - and probably a great triple with that and the 1980 FLASH GORDON. All three films are "stupid". Perhaps we can "blame" the 1966 film (and the TV series) for this. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's BATMAN has ruined the image of comics in the minds of generations of non-smoking fans. I think the same can be said for Hollywood. I am reminded of how many truly BAD films based on "classic" characters have been created over the years, especially (it seems to me) between the end of the 70s and the beginning of the 80s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all "murdered" by Hollywood types who think, "OH, comics! So you know it should be STUPID!" More like they were "stupid" ones. What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me say a few positive things ... Despite the script and the direction, Ron Ely is GREAT. When I read a DOC SAVAGE story, I don't think of James Bama's paintings, I think of Ely. Bill Lucking (who was a regular at THE A-TEAM) is exceptional. Eldon Quick (which I saw somewhere else, but I can't remember where) is fantastic. Paul Gleason - which I absolutely hated with a passion and a revenge in the BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" like the one he played should be banned from any teaching), could be the best of the "incredible 5" in the film. Pamela Hensley - though her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - is terrifying. Before he left his hair, I also realized that it looked like hell very much like "Ardala Valmar" from those horrible strips of John Calkins BUCK ROGERS that I just read the other day. It has a nose as big as Ardala - just not enough pronounced. The Ardala comics actually seemed more like the 1936 movie Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your choice. (Ardala was subjected to plastic surgery in George Tuska's strips - later, it was stunning!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, quite funny, I only saw him last week in a GET episode SMART. I wonder if it was something like the character he was supposed to play? I don't know, because that character was certainly not in the film from which he takes the title.
