After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras, what the world needed was a good old-fashioned theater hero who came across poisonous snakes and criminals in 1936 America or in the jungles of South America in one series of fantastic cliffhanging adventures. Unfortunately what he got in 1975 was Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best that can be said about the final film of the legendary producer George Pal is that his often magnificently designed but sadly flat adaptation of the pulp-paperback novels by Kenneth Robeson probably left George Lucas and Phil Kaufman out of the theater and said l 'another "We can do better than that," and adding a whip, a battered Fedora and some character defects very necessary to the mix. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem is that Doc Savage is in many ways even more difficult to write for Superman? explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the muscular body of a Greek god with the bleed of a bronze and bronze bleach (or rather the form of Tarzan of TV, Ron Ely, a rather boring clone of Charlton Heston here), there is simply nothing it cannot do and, more damagingly, nothing that can harm it. The man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler's Aryan ubermensch (not surprisingly, the DVD is only available in Germany!), Although with all American values. And in case there ever is something that is overlooked (not that it ever was) it doesn't have one but five assistants in its entourage, the (less than) Fabulous Five. A chemist, an electrician, and even an archaeologist that I can accept, and with a little time I might even get to see the need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero does a criminal lawyer carry with him in his adventures? Actually, Doc's brain trust was probably added because the hero is so invulnerable and practically perfect in every way ?? even Kryptonite would not have affected it: there was a need for someone who was at risk in the stories, although with the exception of Paul Gleason they are all so horribly abused and exaggerated (like most parts in the film). I happily kill them all during the opening credits. The bad guys are no better, with Paul Wexler exuding all the threat of a geography teacher like Capitan Seas, Scott Walker (no, a different one) who offers one of the worst accents in the cinema (it's meant to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek , Pakistani or of some nationality that nobody has ever heard of?), While the blond moll of Marilyn Monroe-Roby Hilton of Robyn Hilton gives Paris (no relationship) a run for her money in the little talented tantrums. <br /> <br /> these drawbacks, this should have been much better than what the various ingredients are considering? lost tribes, a pool of gold, an aerial fight with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes to life, all wrapped up in a quest to find out why Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately it is a matter of tone: in the 60s and 70s the pulp superheroes were not gloomy figures prone to action scenes and special effects in the state of the art, but they were treated as somewhat comic figures of low-cost fun of the field with action scenes in a hurry thrown down cheaply almost as an afterthought, the films purely aimed at the matinee market: you know, for children. Have there been long rumors that the original cut was more direct? and certainly much of the value of the field has been added in post-production, both the Colgate sparkling in the eye of Doc, the comic captions that identify various fighting styles in the last scene with Captain Seas or Don's gung-ho lyrics Black to John Philip Sousa's patriotic marches ?? but there was a lot to do in the film. After all, it's hard to see how one of the evil criminals who makes phone calls from a giant rocking cradle was ever conceived as anything other than a crumbling joke, while Doc's explanation to Pamela Hensley why she never goes out with girls could be a scene written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, like Doc showing his sixth sense from, um, bobbing his Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps an even bigger problem is that, while promising on paper, the action is handled in an almost inexorably trivial way, whether it is chasing a native murderer on the roofs of New York skyscrapers or escape from a yacht full of villains. Even the winning notion of glowing green animated snakes swirling the air while poisoning their victims fails to excite any enthusiasm from the director Michael Anderson: having demonstrated his invulnerability a couple of scenes before, Doc manages to send them with other than a chair and an electric fan simply by pulling the curtains over them. <br /> <br /> However, apart from the various Doc vehicles all printed with its logo and with a more molded plastic than bronze, the production design is often quite nice although it is very obvious that LA is for New York, while Fred Koenekamp's cinematography ensures that the film often looks good despite its low budget. And it's nice to see a superhero movie that doesn't spend most of its running time on a story of origin, although one is left with the suspicion that Doc was born completely from the loins of Zeus himself. <br /> <br /> It is a film that I would like much more, but I feel like I have 100 minutes of missed opportunities. Not surprisingly, Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, the sequel so optimistically promised in the end credits, never happened.
