There is nothing extraordinary about "The Amazing Mr Williams". Part of the problem with this film is its protagonist Melvyn Douglas. He was a lousy and lazy actor with that. For most of his career, he allowed his good looks, an easy way and (usually, but not in this film) a bit of good script to make up for his lack of acting ability. I didn't like Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a person; I learned enough about him to know that I also disdain his policy. I'll give Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes produced the incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this film right after the brilliant 'Ninotchka' ... talk about going down! "The Amazing Mr. Williams" is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays a plainclothes detective on the homicide team, named Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a policeman named Kenny, but if they called him Kenneth Williams ... well, that hand luggage. The whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is going around, killing women. No reason is given for this; he just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams to the carpet to explain his failure to capture the murderer. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS APPROACH. The small, cheap, vulgar, unpretentious and unattractive, Joan Blondell is the mayor's secretary. (It doesn't sound enough to write a letter, much less as a typography.) Blondell and Douglas fight like a cat and a dog, so it's obviously obvious that they'll end up together. <br /> <br /> At the lowest point of this film, Melvyn Douglas decides to pull off the murderer by dressing as a woman. You DO NOT want to see Melvyn Douglas in drag! He's over six feet and doesn't even strip off those pesky mustaches. William Powell himself was a very similar actor to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised himself as a woman in "Love Crazy", he had the integrity to shave his mustache: a real sacrifice, since Powell needed to grow up again for his next role. But Melvyn Douglas brings nothing for his role in this film, not even a razor. He plays his drag scenes with the same boring smirk he used during most of his career. <br /> <br /> On the bright side, "The Amazing Mr Williams" has many of those gorgeous support players who made the Hollywood movies of the 1930s are so delicious. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, moving and amusing as a criminal who gets an unlikely license from his life sentence. The dyspeptic Donald MacBride is fine as a policeman who is mistaken for the murderer, and is almost lynched by a crowd. Ruth Donnelly is splendid: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show her talents away from her usual Warner Brothers backlot orbit. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the smirking Dave Willock look good in small roles. Even Barbara Pepper (who usually doesn't like me) is good here too. The unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some screen; I always hate it, and it gives the same performance in every movie ... but some viewers really appreciate the performance of a single Eburne note, for reasons I can't understand. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with actors from Hollywood actors from the 1930s, and the roles they tended to play, a look at the IMDb cast list will tell you who the murderer is. This is the problem with "The Amazing Mr Wiliams": everything is too obvious. I will evaluate this film 2 points out of 10.
