Even if you are a big Sandler fan, please don't worry about this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming it must be at least halfway decent since my man Sandler is in and because I thought that some women would be left naked (judging by the R-rating and women dressed sloppy on the cover). Well, there are quite a few succinctly dressed women, but no one undresses. I'm not sure which was the point in Sandler's career, but I guess it was even before his SNL days. I could be wrong It's like watching one of his movies at home. You could look back on a cheese like this and remember the good old days ... but we (the audience) are left to dry. This is certainly not a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot to the camera, and even admits at some point that this is a "no-budget" film (it's true, not a low-budget film, a NO-budget film). So our work is more or less laughing at bizarre characters. There is not a constant plot, it is like a show of extended comedies - but it is a rough and poorly written one. That guy who played the bad comedian was completely annoying and it wasn't plausible in the first place that he would receive such a mass audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying Henny Youngman's classic phrase "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I'm not even going to TRY to do any logic here. Of course, Sandler's current and recent films are not known for their meaning (the "Billy Madison" penguin, the dwarf in "Happy Gilmore's" Happy Place) but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur job, and even if you're curious about Adam's first films in the cinema, you're not interested yet. You'd better check his start on SNL or maybe his undervalued role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, the Sandman is not the only actor wasted on this thankless vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the great Burt Young (from the "Rocky" films) plays a significant role. <br /> <br /> This horrible play will most likely collect dust in the 99 cent rental section of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
