Hollywood has now officially gone too far and I really hope that this movie parody creates a real reaction against their shitty machines, despite the good box office returns. If you are a person in the industry who reads our comments looking for suggestions on what to do next, STOP. Stop doing our TV shows in these wasted time movies that suck, be repellent and stupid. In this way you are trying one thing: Hollywood is without ideas and going to see the movies that are churning out only perpetuates the cycle of disgust. What will happen - You guys are going to ruin The Bionic Man ?? <br /> <br /> The film is simply wrong, and manages to get the most stupid, simple fact of the totally erroneous show forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat and Bo & Luke Duke of John Schneider were * marble shelters * REFORMED *. They had been caught, they had learned their lesson, they had gone straight, they were there to help people and be good neighbors who had just fired dynamite arrows from hunting bows and drive like Steve McQueen. Uncle Jessie of Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the boys did good, even at their own expense or embarrassment while preparing sandwiches and coffee for household chores. They always did the right thing and had a kind of naivety about them that was quite tempting. We wanted to be more like them than we were, sort of. My favorite thing about the show was how they always fastened their seat belts before they roared, which was apparently too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> Turning the Duke family into a bunch of mischievous pranks, criminality, red-neck baiters, misogynistic losers, the film has no moral point of view, in which the show focused on how honest or incorruptible they were the Dukes - Should the Duke Boys in this film be good guys? I wanted to punch them both in the nose. They seem to have a lot of free time in their hands that could be spent doing chores on the farm and ending up pursuing less of noble ends if they don't act like a couple of 14-year-old kids who haven't grown up. There should be no use of marijuana, there will be no formal, bachelorette glances and their breasts, no cheating that involves the Brothers in da Hood. Everything looks like the work of a marketing consultant who did a survey at the mall of what 14-year-olds love to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-olds can't remember the show, IMHO shouldn't see this movie, and parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted by what writers, directors and producers have done to our collective memories just for separate us from our money, which is exactly how I feel. What were they thinking ??? <br /> <br /> And the boy did * EVER * wrong Daisy. Jessica Simpson, all dressed like a whore by Pamela Anderson could be the only reason why anyone can see this dishonor, but you can satisfy your needs simply by downloading some promotional frames of her, printing them and fixing them on the wall in a bathroom. It is not at all in the film (which is the only thing that saves the film), and the ten minutes or so that they were using were STILL excessive. Catherine Bach's Daisy may have the same kind of shorts and long legs that make people feel funny just by looking at her, but the Daisy she played was a * PERSON *. The pratfalls he aroused simply by being who he was had an almost natural sound. It remains one of the most outrageously sexy pop culture icons ever created but there was someone at home. And above all, she was a sweet and caring person who couldn't help it if the boys had passed Ga Ga over her. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Jessica Simpson looks fake, invented, composed, costumed, posing, detached, bored, out of place, and I don't think she even looks great in the dress. It doesn't look like a person, but a plot device, evoked during an agreement with someone who represents his agent. Mrs. Simpson should be well advised to immediately dismiss that person and pretend that the whole thing never happened. Whatever the joke, she doesn't feel like it and is shamefully exploited for T & A. If that's all she wants from her career, the executive producer of the sequel, if only to make sure you have at least enough time on screen , because this effort was simply pathetic. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and a Slurpee, you can go get one of the Warner Bros. excellent collections of boxed sets of the original DVD shows and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the film could be its future use as an instrument of interrogation in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of this and they will sing a choir. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I'm serious. AND YOU ARE HELL AWAY FROM THE BIONIC MAN, you are scornful.
