In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) perform moonlight created by Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) avoiding local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with the Boss are only starting when they learn that they are plotting to strip my city to find precious minerals found beneath it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV show and after seeing the movie, I'm not starting soon. I like stupid comedies but this one didn't offer much laughter. It was a rather boring photo with the first hour that was really hard to sit. The second part was a little better, but this film was still a missed opportunity. The film focuses on Bo and Luca in an excessive way. The characters in general were not very interesting and the actors who portrayed them did not do a great job. <br /> <br /> The acting was not very good. I didn't expect it to be good in the first place, but none of the protagonists was very funny. Both Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville perform below average. The latter was quite as good as Stifler, but he tries too hard here. The latter seems to be looking for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting, nor is she known for her singing. She is famous for having her own reality show and for saying really stupid things. She is pretty but a weak actor. It doesn't matter though because she doesn't appear in the movie and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also plays a minor role and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was fine. The second was Starsky and Hutch which was pretty funny. It doesn't do a good job here, even if the story is a disaster. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that would make this movie work better. The film is also quite long for a comedy. Ok, 106 minutes are not exactly long but it feels much longer because there is little humor in the first hour. I think comedies should be kept short or have to find a lot of material to cover the entire execution time. The Dukes of Hazzard has barely enough fun gags to make it last for thirty minutes not to mention 106 minutes. The car sequences were average and do not save an already troubled film. In the end, some people might like Dukes of Hazzard, but most people will probably find it boring and it's better to skip it. Evaluation 4/10
