The cinematic transformation of old television programs seems to be the norm in Hollywood these days, but this contempt, toilet humor, do-you-kiss-your-mother-with-that vulgar language, the rip-off is a blatant middle finger for everyone the Dukes of Hazzard support both north and south of the Mason-Dixon line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke who ran a moonlight run for Uncle Jesse (no gloss on the show because he would put the boys back in jail as a probation violation) to the closing sequence of Uncle Jesse smoking grass with the Governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his previous moonshining ways) this disappointing waste of film is an open insult. I can't tell you how many parents I saw getting up and removing their children from the theater within the first 15 minutes of the movie when they realized they had been horribly deceived. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a safe little boy, powered by Hemi, a fun show that parents weren't supposed to teach their children about George Carlin's seven words. I read reviews that claim that the show and the film are nothing but racists. These commits could be correct regarding the movie. These commits are ABSOLUTELY incorrect about the show. The show, if anything, was about getting along and being friends with SOMEONE. Hollywood has finally come into the open for their contempt for those of us, Yanks, rebels or not, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family and doing the right thing even if it's not the popular thing. Hollywood has finally shed light on his belief that those of us in the heart are stupid, ignorant, crazy beer, wide-open mouth, junk that will buy any piece of trash they are willing to sell. Show the Hollywood elitist that they are wrong. DO NOT GO TO SEE THIS MOVIE. Boycott sponsors. Fill in the Warner Bros. e-mail and snail mailboxes with complaints that we don't appreciate as they destroy one of T.V.'s biggest shows. Of all times. Save your money and buy the DVDs of the original show, but whatever you do ?? DO NOT GO TO SEE THIS MOVIE
