In 1998, Saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand new series of live-action Ninja Turtles. Of course, being a TMNT fan during the day, this obviously reached my interest. So when I started watching the show ... saying that I was disappointed with the final result is an understatement. Some time later (more like recently), I had the chance to revisit the series. <br /> <br /> First of all, let's talk about some positive aspects. They were able to recreate the Turtles' lair since they had been seen for the last time in the films quite well given the limited budget they had put together. There tends to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of sets and so on. And the Turtle costumes, while not the biggest piece of puppets and anything else, were functional and seemed robust enough for most of the action actions that followed in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain that they got rid of Shredder quickly and replaced it with these bad originals that could easily have been used on a Power Rangers show. But you can only have Shredder beat so many times before it gets boring and undermines its value as a bad guy ... and besides, most fans don't realize or remember or just ignore the fact that in the original comic, the Shredder was launched in the first issue! No matter the countless resurrections that will follow. So, from a personal point of view, I was quite happy that they got rid of Shredder because in that case the wait would have grown to the point where they would eventually take him back to a later episode. I find Shredder in smaller quantities works better because then his encounters with the Turtles are even more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up replacing it with these bad originals that, as mentioned, seemed more suited to a Power Rangers show than a Ninja Turtles show. And with these new generics that wield magic comes a new magical female who wields magic, the infamous Venus of Milo. I will be honest; I never felt comfortable. I am not against the idea of ​​a tortoise female; I'm just against the idea of ​​one who uses magic and so it stands out like a sore look in a clan of ninja turtles that seem a little out of their domain. I almost had the impression that this could easily have been the Venus De Milo show that dealt with his fantastic enemies and the TMNT were there just to provide the power of the star (or whatever was left considering the time period in which was released). Fortunately, they share all the spotlight together. <br /> <br /> Next Mutation was boxed after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given the weather and perhaps another season, I truly believe that this direct iteration of TMNT could have been something and could have had a chance of greatness. But while the idea was valid, the execution was flawed (although there are a couple of good episodes in this series). As it is, Next Mutation is one of those quirks in Turtledom that is best left to it buried and forgotten.
