Dr. Hackenstein began at the turn of the last century, 1909 The dawn of modern medical science to be precise. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of his rejuvenation of living tissue experiments, Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring a rat back to life that confirms he was able to bring the dead back to life ... Is now "Three Years Later" and Dean Slesinger (Michael Ensign) goes around the house of Doc for dinner. While Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eat talk about Hackenstien's experiments that Dean Slesinger has always opposed, Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his lab in his attic where he keeps the dead head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) dead in an unfortunate "accident" and can speak telepathically with him (Christy Botkin apparently supplies Sheila's voice). Dr. Hackenstein also shows that Dean Slesinger, a chicken with a skin that runs in a cage, explains that with the process he developed he will bring Sheila to life. The principal has a kind of attack and apparently dies. Meanwhile sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) plus their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) drive along Hackenstein's house when they crash, they seek shelter and assistance and reach the Hackenstein threshold. The dott. Hackenstein invites the four travelers in difficulty to stay for the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey) who deliver a male body when Hackenstein actually needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is the genius who decides not to waste the opportunity to have three beautiful young specimens available and begins to "borrow" the pieces and elements necessary to complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I will immediately say that it is not brilliant for any effort of the imagination, but for what it was in reality I liked it very much. It moves at a reasonable pace even if it tends to drag itself a little during the middle while things settle down. The script tries to mix slapstick humor like a scene when Dr. Hackenstein is trying to hold back Melanie and she tries to get the attention of her deaf housekeeper Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by kicking Hackenstein and holding Melanie behind her back of Yolanda who seems to be oblivious to what is happening, with a pinch of blood but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein is more a comedy than a horror in the conception and in feeling everything. There are also some word games and sexual allusions that are always good for a laugh, Dr. Hackenstein to Wendy "would you like to see my tools" as an example. I also thought that the scene in which Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reported her missing daughter to the detested detective Olin (William Schreiner) was a pretty funny sequence circling about why she's not looking for them even though she's just been told, because the cell does not have a prisoner inside and that if it did not find the cousin not worry about it. None of these is a flat laugh, but I have to admit that I found myself smiling occasionally and found the film as a whole silently amusing. There is not much blood on the screen, a few limbs cut off, Sheila's decapitated head, some medical seams and those skinned animals that are decidedly fake. I also liked the characters of Dr. Hackenstein, who were a surprise in themselves. The acting is not brilliant, but to give everyone the credit that they put in a little effort, a lot of exaggerated facial movements and some serious overacting means that it is never boring, oh, and the three birds of Dr. Hackenstein I'm fit if you understand what I mean. Technically the film is OK too, once again no Oscar will win, but I must at least give the filmmakers some credit for trying to kick off a period of the century. It doesn't always work, clothes disagree sometimes, girls look like theirs from Victorian England while boys look like them from a western. The house looks as if all the directors had any modern object removed from the room and put some candles in there! It looks like a bit on the economic side, but in reality it is not a bad film at all. I could have done without the comic music. Overall, I ended up having more fun with Dr. Hackenstein than I thought, even if it is not a recommendation in itself. It is certainly not the best comic horror film ever made and certainly not even the worst. A piece of harmless pretty look fun.
