Apparently there is a good reason why I never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me and a couple of companions accidentally tripped him and foolishly decided to give him a chance. That reason is: it sucks! It is a very useless, boring, imbecile and totally non-memorable comedy / parody of horror. Actually, to be honest, I'm not even sure if this was meant as a comedy, because sometimes the script takes very seriously and strives a lot to be a truly ambitious and original 80s horror effort. In the year 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science according to the opening sequences, does Dr. Elliot Hackenstein need exactly three women ?? Neither more nor less ?? to renew his beloved wife who accidentally killed. Now it's just a living head, but stupid body robbers only provide male corpses. So when Dr. Hackenstein screams "I need three female bodies to bring back my wife", his words are not even cold and miraculously three young females (and a really annoying nerd boy) appear with machine problems that occur to his home. Why does it never happen to me? "I need a group of sexy and voluptuous women to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? See, nothing! However, the good doctor sees his wish satisfied, but unfortunately ?? for the science that is ?? develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame film that tries to profit from the success of "Re-Animator" and brazenly steals some of the comic aspects of that classic, like a severed head that talks about jokes. It is easy to understand why this film is never mentioned anywhere, as it attracts neither fans nor horror nor the genre of comedy. The funniest character is undoubtedly the noisy Ruby female booby; depicted by the anti-cherub Anne Ramsey. The 80s horror fans will surely remember her from "Deadly Friend" by Wes Craven, where she played the unpleasant old witch who is beheaded by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" presumably takes place in the early 1900s, but there are very few attempts to recreate the atmosphere of that era (except perhaps for some cars). Dr. Hackenstein's laboratory is a rather cliché period piece, with all kinds of smoky cauldrons and test tubes filled with fluorescent colors.
