The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a great ghost story, it's the perfection in the film. It's a compelling story of 4 people entering a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movement, it terrifies people. It remains effective until today if the film is appreciated. So when The Haunting was redone in 1999, many people had the same reaction "WHAT? WHY WHAT?" But in my opinion if a remake is quite respectful and just wants to reinvent the story for the new generation, I'm pretty cool with it. This is absolutely not the case, this is just a boring disrespectful shame that will waste your time and I guarantee you will not be afraid ?? pfft! PG-13, what are they thinking? Not very apparently. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister evicts her, Nell receives a phone call, which tells her about an advertisement for an insomnia study conducted by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, a secluded manor. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of carers who do not stay on the property after dark. Soon after, two other study participants arrive, Wild Theo and "bad sleeper" Luke Sanderson along with Dr. Marrow. Unknown to the participants, the real purpose of Dr. Marrow is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, the keepers close the gate outside Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or leaving until morning, when the keepers open the lock. There are no working phones inside Hill House and the nearest town is several kilometers away. Dr. Marrow reveals the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family full of children, yet all of Crain's sons died during birth. Crain's wife killed herself before the house ended and Crain became a recluse. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena inside the house, including strange noises and inexplicable temperature changes. Nell is faced after the main corridor has been vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor", and becomes extremely upset, trying to prove that the house is infested with the souls of those who are victims of Crain's cruelty. He learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting the abducted children for slave labor and killing them when they were no longer useful. He then burned the bodies in the chimney of the house to hide any evidence. He also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, of whom Nell descended. Everyone thinks she's crazy while Nell is convinced that this is where she belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Not to mention the actress who played Nell, Lili Taylor completely bothered me, her performance, her appearance, everything about her, doesn't get me started on things I would do just to not see her again in the movie. Catherine Zeta Jones has not adapted to her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, has wasted the talent once again. The effects are exaggerated and too computerized, I can't believe that they would sweep a wonderful classic with this crud. Believe me, if you are afraid of something, be afraid to see how to turn a big ghost story into an annoying piece of stupid exaggeration ?? Oh, this movie already hurts, I just don't see it, it's ugly. <br /> <br /> 1/10
