For anyone who has seen and fallen in love with the theatrical musical A CHORUS LINE, the film is a poor substitute. Not only are the songs cut off, but also the unnecessary twists, the new choreographed dance sequences and, let's face it, Richard Attenborough doesn't know how to film the dancers. <br /> <br /> On stage, Michael Bennett's A CHORUS LINE was just this: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift on Broadway and in the rest of the world. It was two hours of hard realism that really made you feel for these "boys" and "girls". The film, however, lacks empathy and depth: the actors seem as if they were trying for A CHORUS LINE instead of auditioning. Every move, every line of dialogue seems so thoughtful and planned; Michael Douglas, in particular, since Zach has too much control for us to believe that he is this extraordinarily asshole choreographer. Even when you're having a tantrum, you can't believe it enough because every gesture, every word that is accented, every nuance is so evidently proven. And as for him he doesn't dance: Kevin Kline auditioned for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading, but Kline couldn't dance and eventually lost the part. How I wish they'd done the same for Douglas! A CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show of nobodies and, apart from a few recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander, of NewsRadio on TV, like one of the many audition dancers) you're not should know one of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his ranting instead of the girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It is really unfortunate that the show's best sequence (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) has been drastically reduced to make way for a terrible song called "Surprise, Surprise" which surprisingly has received an Oscar nomination. Cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and a tragically boring choreography - one wonders why they took the time to shoot a film version if they had a problem with a working formula. <br /> <br /> For fans of musical theater and those who enjoyed the theatrical version, this film is a sad mockery of everything they loved and loved. For those who have never been able to see the original production, on Broadway or on tour, this film is the only reference they will have to follow. And they'll have to wonder how the longest-running musical in Broadway history was - until a small show called CATS passed it in the late 90s. But THAT is a different story, and it doesn't even start me there.
