I'm not a stage purist. A film could have been made of this game, and would almost necessarily need changes ... comme, comme ca. But the modest conceptions of this material are lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film who are in full "shallow blockbuster" mode. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have ruined it in the same way that Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> Onstage A Chorus line was a triumph of workshopping as a production method. The dancers who responded to a casting call found themselves sitting around shooting their stage-career experiences (very 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, handed him a song and made them for themselves. ...amazing! Incredibly modern. The "history" of ACL is (in turn) about responding to a casting call for a representation of which we never have a complete view, because the game does not matter. It was before the idea was invented, 25 years before Adaptation had a similar idea. The ACL was also another in a reductionist trend that is still alive, and that is a hallmark of modern creativity: that same technique is compelling ... that there is more drama in the life of an average person than you can never synthesize with fictional characters. What a nice idea. The theater show had an exhibition area (an empty stage) and three different ways to alter the background, to alleviate the visual tedium, not to keep the spectators distracted. The space moves away and the actors' stories are highlighted. It worked well. This was the point. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. Set-wise, there was not one, and no costume until the dancers came out for their final strings, in which the exciting "Uno" is finally, forcefully, performed in full (gold) hats and tails , with moves we recognize them because we have observed them in the practical sessions. The repressed anxiety of the comedy is published --- and the public goes mad. <br /> <br /> After Grampa handles it, it is like a choked and strangled bird. He clearly has in mind the previous, respected All that Jazz (and the stage piece of Fosse Dancin ') while making his choices. Hamlisch's soundtrack was sharp and interesting for the time being, but the weather was not good. It's like schmaltzy like "hands of jazz". And that's before Attenborough ever touches him. It is remarkable in finding what has remained good, and cutting it off. <br /> <br /> A simple question may have helped Attenborough during filming: "Could I bear to spend even a few minutes with people like these?" An important problem for any adaptation of the game is how the 4th wall of the theater (fundamental for its absence in the theater) would be faced in the cinema format. There has never been a more "frontal" comedy. The answer they found was: "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" The cast has been boosted by a manageable number of unique narratives, a crowd that is suffocating each other and the public, and mixing their grated selves together. I was exceeding my annoyance threshold when that annoying little runt swings on stage on a rope, clowning to the public (absent). The show made you understand the people of the theater. This film makes you want to choke them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Broadways annoys the tendency of characters who walk directly to the stage and sing their stories to the public (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of relating to other characters initiated here. But the worst imaginable revival of the drama will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A Chorus Line is pure schlock.
