On Broadway, A Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second the show opened with a spectacular burst of energy until the grand finale, a joyful reminder of all those choir members that we learned to love during the course of the show, we were totally involved, fascinated by intensely personal stories, some funny , some intelligent, slightly moving, of this chorus line. The film is completely different. The focus is now on the director - and what is an ogre! Every time the film passes to Michael Douglas, here it is with a harsh and harsh expression, that barks questions and orders, screams and screams whenever it's possible. Oh God !! This changes the dynamics of history. On Broadway, the director was indeed an imperious off-stage presence, but it was also a sort of theatrical device to allow the stories of these extraordinary strong / fragile / intriguing / exhilarating chorus members to be told with intuition and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And indeed, in one of the only moments in which the director appears, he is there to comfort the young Puerto Rican dancer after hearing the heartbreaking story of that dancer. He appears again at the end to express his sincere affection / concern for Cassie. But in the film, by Douglas's second director he starts barking orders bitterly, the stories of the members of the chorus line become secondary. It is as if they were in a bad profession, where a tired director instead of showing the joy of creating an exciting new theatrical show, is tired, exhausted, furious at having to audit these choir members. On the stage there was ALWAYS the excitement of the show. Here in the movie practically from the word go, you are sorry for all the people involved. During the course of the musical, we desperately want every single member of the choir, and how happy we would be if they got the job! But obviously this could not happen. But in the Final when they all returned in glorious costume with those incredible mirrors rotating on stage, sometimes reflecting in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, even in the hearts of all those members of the choir, both welcomed and rejected, they were on stage forever dancing in a profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the narrative lines and misplaced emphasis, that magic becomes totally diluted. All we hear (even with the exact same request) is that some of the members found a job with a petty-minded director. So they all come on the screen and are dancing again. Big deal.
