For those who have never seen a CHORUS LINE on stage and their only exposure to history was this film, this film is OK as a musical, nothing special, just OK. I saw the show on Broadway 4 times and I even auditioned for a show company once and for someone who practically memorized the original production, the 1985 version of the film is so terrible on so many levels that I don't even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never auditioned for a theatrical production, I assure you that IRL when you audition for a play, the director, the producer and the choreographer never ask personal questions and don't care about the because you wanted to become a performer. A real theatrical audition, whether it's a game or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you are listening as a dancer, you are shown a 64-bar dance combination once, do it and then decide immediately if you are in or out. The original concept of the Michael Bennett show was to give life to the lives of the dancers and to present the uninitiated with a passion for the performance and why so many sacrifices so much for so little. The game is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough has focused so much on the dancers by strengthening the Cassie / Zach relationship and founding Michael Douglas as Zach. In the show, you will NEVER see Zach ... it's just a rumor in the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie has barely touched. Cassie showed up behind the wheel in traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs talking to Larry (a character who isn't even in the drama) was added to the film and focused so much on the story. The main musical numbers have been cut or rethought. The opening number of the comedy "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers who make a combination of jazz and ballet and then people are eliminated. In the film they make three hundred dancers jam on stage together and show them in the foreground to hide the fact that in the film they threw people who can't dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", a brilliant vocal exploration of the icteric memories of childhood of these dancers has been reworked as "Surprise, Surprise", primarily a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The show's most famous song, "What I Did for Love", which in the show was a moving allegory sung by the whole cast about what they give up dancing, becomes just another standard love song in the film, wearily performed by an Allyson Reed mixture like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is boring and unimaginative and does not stand up to the original Michael Bennett staging and when making a film about dancers, the choreography must be special. There are a couple of dancers in the film, Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they are not given the opportunity to show what they can do, yet Audrey Landers, who can barely walking and chewing gum at the same time, one of the best numbers in the show is given, "Dance 10, Looks 3". I admit that the ending, "One" is dazzling, but for this you have to wait almost two hours. I would say that if you've never seen a CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie might be worth a look, but if you're a devotee of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very afraid.
