*** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I love it in all other ways. He also has his fan site with "Chuck Norris facts" which is really fun. But this film looks like someone is joking with the audience by putting all those "facts" into a movie. I don't really remember when I lost more time than with this "action". I don't know what is the worst thing that this film can offer you: a plot of non-original terrorists and thousands of times that it is trying to hit the United States with the smuggling of nuclear weapons on American soil or perhaps the "big" dialogues and words of wisdom Chucks on life and everything else Some might find the worst that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's an endless list of shit. Not to mention the enormous amount of archive footage used in the film, which is rather annoying. The main terrorist sends the message of his companions through the media when he is captured and the only guy smart enough to see the treatment is: Chuck Norris, of course. NO ONE else in America is not smart enough to see it! And the whole action in capturing the head is simply ridiculous. A man is sent to walk in a UNARMED terrorist camp (I'm lying, he had a KNIFE), he escapes his stalkers with JET PACK and then he slips for a few hundred, maybe even thousands of kilometers to the nearest shore (the border of 'Afghanistan is 450 km away from the nearest shore), where it is saved by the submarine. I was hoping that at least the fight scenes were good, but it's even more fun than the plot. If you didn't know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO defeated them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away in one move and the bad guys fly a few meters like dolls. Could you ask me if I watched this movie until the end? I did it. Why? Because I just wanted to see who, of these two superheroes, would defuse the nuclear bomb of a few hundred megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized what a fool I am. Of course, it's Chuck's movie after all. And not only does he defuse the tweezers with tweezers, but he does it - TWICE! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I'd like to spend my life. <br /> <br /> So, the creators of this movie did another Chuck Norris fact to add to his website: Can Chuck Norris defuse the nuclear bomb? Yes and can do it twice!
