During the filming of a horror movie of the 80s called "Hot Blooded", the director is brutally murdered and the protagonist is scarred while surviving the attack and is able to kill the murderer. After all this, the production is abandoned and the warehouse rolls are left to collect dust. So a group of filmmakers decided to pick up where the film left off, even though they were warned by people to stay away from the film, because the last person interested in the film found itself dead at the cinema watching the movie. From this it is labeled as a cursed production. Not taking these warnings seriously, the crew continues production and gets the original star of the film to return from Hollywood to resume its role, but not as the daughter but the mother. But again the murders begin to occur with the cast and crew massacred by an unknown figure dressed as the film's killer. <br /> <br /> Watch what "Scream" started! Hey, I like those movies, but mostly all that followed later were annoying and unnecessary excuses. During this phase the subgenre returned with revenge, but it was not much of a success given that they were mostly unsuccessful and not very original attempts, in which they followed the derivative model of the Scream series. 'Cut' which is an independent Australian version of the textbook slasher genre is purely shonky junk that fundamentally lacks everything and brazenly wipes out every other slasher movie. But you know what, I found a cheese pleasure. Yes, it's gawd horrible and highly forgettable, but it's a bit of wing good fun at low cost while it lasted. Although I hated it when I originally found it, but the second time I knew what I was getting involved with and it worked better. It was just like helping myself to a good slice of cheesecake, but this time it wasn't so sweet. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the same period as "Scream 3" and "Urban Legends: The Final Cut" did, that all three follow the same structure of using a film within a film. "Scream 3" is obviously the strongest of the three, but I would really look at this basket on Urban Legends: The Final Cut. However, it looked more like a throwback to the 1980s than one of Scream's bastard descendants. Practically the film is given a level B treatment and this is manifested in the script and performances. The dialogue is really devoid of imagination and can hardly surprise and suspend. While, the performances are pure joke and Molly Ringwald takes the crown. She plays the actress who is coming back to finish the damn movie and I really enjoyed her ridiculous and ridiculous performance. Put the bite here and nail it perfectly. The rest were mostly recognizable Australian television stars (which is if you are an Australian) with a lovely Jessica Napier who leads the cast with the likes of Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Even the pop singer (and alleged actress) Kylie Minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to be hacked! Beautiful. These guys mostly followed the formula of horny and dull kids who had nothing better to do than be killed. Sometimes it seems like they're just waiting in line, because they don't have a real substance to be there. <br /> <br /> The plot starts quite interestingly, so it starts at a mysterious stage where red herring sprouts, but then it makes a sudden reversal where it becomes a sort of satire on the horror genre. It is simply rather rough and when it comes to the explanation of all this madness did I have a little thought? Oh my. This is when he tries to turn on himself intelligently, but unfortunately he falls down the road. But you simply don't like an opening finale. It also shows some references to pop culture and a self-referential and ironic approach. Predictability makes its way soon enough and jokes can be oversized at times, but know that they have a little fun on themselves. The atmosphere loses a bit of advantage because of the humor that takes away the desolation, but the large and isolated old villa they are running in has some clean touches that added "a little spookiness". The cinema scene is also very well done. <br /> <br /> Now, we now know that we want gore and nudity when we watch this type of film, but unfortunately there is no nudity to be found and the blood is fairly standard, if lacking but it is more than decent for such a film low budget. There are one or two creative deaths, but the rest is systematic. The killer wasn't bad, but when he spoke it hurt, I thought, well, the asshole attitude didn't suit me. Another note of the production that ranged from the rhythmic editing, the out-of-place soundtrack and the direction of Kimble Rendall lacked execution and was rather neglected, but these factors contribute to creating a sort of pure entertainment for all this malice. <br /> <br /> Imagination corresponds to the budget for sure, but heck this bad slasher wasn't trying to be anything else. Pure Schlock which is slightly fun!
