I have to admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday film, but it's already coming out of my short-term memory. In a career that is slipping rather quickly towards the darkness of the tabloid, Ben Affleck, once a promising actor of comic characters who has become entangled in the Hollywood advertising machine to recreate himself in a man who brings romance. Judging from this film, it seems that the transformation is not taking place, while the gravity that would make it credible in such parts continues to be lacking. While his friend Matt Damon takes on intelligent roles in films like "Syriana", Affleck appears in this type of commercial advertising. At least the superficial character of the successful but lonely advertising executive Drew Latham fits Affleck better than most of the other roles he has played. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is 1999 "Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo") and scripted by no less than four writers (always a bad sign), the light plot revolves around the he needs his character to "rent" a family that lives in his childhood home to live his fantasy of having the old-fashioned Christmas he never had. The concept is actually intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentalism that we all are aiming to feel in the frenetic commercialism of holidays. The real problem, however, is that the film looks like an extended sketch lacking any logical or authentic emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be in overdrive trying desperately to be lovable, but the net result is an exhausting turn from an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid characters in ill-conceived films. Fortunately, he has James Morrofini and Catherine O'Hara playing the Valcos, the couple who decide to accept Drew's money offer to pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom as a grumpy, non-violent relative of Tony Soprano, but does what he can in the role. From his classic SCTV Days to Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, O'Hara is always a comic gem, no matter the vehicle, and, of course, you earn the best laughs like Tom Christine's wife, whether it's a single liner or laying in a thumb of make- for a dominatrix photo shoot. In what is becoming her standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays their distrust daughter Alicia, who obviously becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good times when she is enjoying the deception of playing Drew's sister in front of her girlfriend's family, her character seems to change into lightning strikes that make it hard to see what Drew would see in her. The story turns completely out of control from the last third with an inventoried situation piled up on each other until the threads of the weft are tied together in a short order. It is said that much of the film was improvised because there was no complete script. It shows, but I must also admit that I kept to it until the end.
