I have the feeling that the people involved in making "Surviving Christmas" haven't thought much about the movie. The characters are so incoherent and the plot doesn't make much sense that the film played like a bad copy of a script with little but the concept of a rich man who pays a family to allow him to spend Christmas with them. /> <br /> Ben Affleck plays Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a rich and selfish advertising executive who buys his life through life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him just before Christmas because she is disgusted by the fact that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls "family vacations", and the fact that Drew never presented her to his family . Later we find out that Drew's father left when he was 4, and his mother died, so it's a mystery because he not only says he has no family, rather than allowing his girlfriend to believe that he doesn't care about the his family. <br /> <br /> For fear of being left alone at Christmas, Drew tracks down Missy's shrink (why? I have no idea), which suggests doing a forgiveness ritual in his childhood home. When he meets the family that lives in his childhood home, the Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can relive his affectionate childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds out he has an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "doesn't have a sister", and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow so that he acts more like his "real" family . None of this makes sense once Drew reveals he grew up with no family but with his mother. <br /> <br /> Also the character of Alicia is inexplicable, who is annoyed by the fact that her family has accepted Drew's money and refuses to play along with her fantasy. But without good reason, he suddenly starts to love Drew, and in a few minutes he goes from hating his courage to behaving like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete asshole for the whole film that even his sad story about the solitary Christmases of his childhood does not evoke sympathy; I almost wish he had finished, "I'm just kidding! The real reason I don't see my family is that they all have restraining orders against me!" (2/10)
