Comedy Central has a habit of putting on great programs sometimes - Chappelle's Show, The Daily Show, Colbert Report, and then there are those that some people love or hate - Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some shows that have their defenders but they're just awful - Mencia, and now, Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This show is based on the fact that Silverman is self-centered, which can be fun (Colbert Ratio) but can be horrible (Mind of Mencia). It should not surprise anyone that I think it is the case. This show is a parody of a sitcom and of society, a program so absurd that it is lost in its absurdity and is simply not funny. A fart of women has been done in comedy many times because it is not something that is common. We don't need 25 minutes. When a criminal is disarmed from a queef, he simply loses his charm - we saw him in Jay and Silent Bob Strike, except that the women were sexier, and the whole scene was more absurd, making it better. But the best comparison of this show is that of Stella, except Stella was thinner, which made the comedy absurd funny. He had a better acting, and I suppose, a little more than a fantastic realist vision. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the fact that some reviews are so negative (I am very skeptical of criticism but do not dispute the reaction of the fans) to this show is the amount of advertising on it, the advertisements very hateful through many programs exceed advertising for other programs. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has a career, and others are still bitter when the best shows have been canceled. This show should never have passed the unauthorized pilot stage. Back to Norm he showed many more promises, yet this show makes him further away. And though the critics are correct, many things have been universally distorted, they have seen their status increase immensely. The last time I checked, Britney Spears also gets good reviews. Take that comparison as you want because someone will undoubtedly accuse me of being psychotic on IMDb for not loving this show.
