I think this film was a little overrated here. There are some things to admire in it; first it deserves to be a science fiction film (ish) based on its history instead of special effects and action sequences to carry on the day. The supporting cast is good, the set design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are quite interesting (although they are starting to look a little tired after the many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of the last few years). But the film was spoiled by the lack of characterization, by the wooden performances of the main actors and by a bad ending. The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither nice nor unlikely. I realize that part of the story says that it should be a bit of a cipher (wait for it ...), but I was absolutely incapable of feeling empathy for a character who only seemed a boring, anonymous schlub of a man. What transformation of character exists for this sad bag is artificially forced by him from the plot. Lead actor Jeremy Northam manages to communicate that the protagonist is confused and unlucky, but fails to inspire any sympathy for him. In front of him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character that does not have a real personality, unless it is the embodiment of a cliché of espionage as a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments of this film is the ending. I will not give spoilers here, but I will say that a twist in the end was telegraphed quite clearly at least 45 minutes before it happened. Moreover, after being happy to be a bizarre and idea-oriented film for the first hour or so, the latest scenes suddenly and terribly turn into the worst kind of Hollywood movie, complete with big explosions and special effects. The revelation of the movie McGuffin is badly done at the end, and in the end the characters seem even less nice than before. Some of the main themes of the film have been solved. <br /> <br /> The film is not so bad, though. It manages to maintain a certain low level of tension during most of it, despite the slowing of the stimulation (although I think I have an above-average tolerance for slow-moving films). And there are some moments when the disturbing paranoid feeling that the director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to evoke rises to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws in the film's acting and script. There is probably a good film that deals with these same themes and ideas, but that's not it.
