I would like to start by saying that I usually like the directional style of Renny Harlin, for the most part, and that the filmmaker should be commended for some shots. Unlike "Elm Street 4" by Harlin and "Die Hard 2", which I really liked, there's something missing from this movie. That, my friends, is a script. Dialogue in films like this is always pretty horrible, but this takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many horrible jokes in this movie, I don't even want to remember any of them. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited to a bad porn movie than an action adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they slowed down the spoken words, they could improve the script. Wrong again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors thrown into bad roles with worse dialogues. Stallone was never my favorite, but when acting in Lithgow circles, Turner and the worst of the Rookers, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow has played one of the best villains in "Ricochet", yet he presents himself as someone who can't act to save his life here. How is it possible? I have always been a big fan of his and he was instructed in acting by Stallone, who he still called during his performance. Turner's part is so small and useless, but still manages to seem lost on the screen. Michael Rooker PU act to act. I know this because I've seen him in "Days of Thunder", but he seems to be reading his lines from the cues. Has he come to this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they're talking, I just wanted the film to end right there, or both surprisingly find their acting ability. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one to blame this mess besides the writers. It's his fault that I was never involved in this film, because he should have made people really act. The script is not very good, but the actors' interpretations are what destroy this film and that it must lie with the director. I don't care how much was paid for the special effects, which for the most part are good, you can't even sacrifice the movie with terrible acting. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the rhythm of this film seems to be off. The opening sequence was good and the aerial scene was very well done, but how should you worry about the result of the robbery. I mean, I understand that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles on the plane scene, but I didn't really care if they got the money or not in that scene. If the bad guy had won early, maybe I shouldn't have seen one of the worst movies ever!
