After seeing "Guided" on a flight to America 3 years ago, I really thought I saw the worst movie ever created, and I could relax safely knowing that I should never have suffered so much in front of a screen. Unfortunately, as I discovered last night, this was not the case. The revolver is so monstrously bad that I'm actually thinking of advising friends to go see it, just so I don't feel the only fool enough to be fooled into looking at this. It's really amazing how this film falls completely in the face with the constant, and I mean CONSTANT voice of the main characters, with totally senseless absurd pretensions! Actually I was getting angry in the cinema listening to Andre Benjamin's relentless relentless whirring of what seemed like half the movie, while thinking all the time - what would the Turk do to this full-blown gangster / swindler joke, whatever it should be , when did your "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would tell him to leave, to have thrown away his head and to look with extreme disdain at his equally inept partner who swayed as fast as his small plump legs would carry him. I mean, what should we believe he's going through Jake's head when they offer their "solution" to his problem? They are scammers, so they must obviously also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Don't you start wondering why your symptoms aren't getting worse? The penny does not bring down what is happening on the third day instead of Richie submitting the public to a painfully condescending phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know that he has been scammed. <br /> <br /> However, I can add a small positive note to the film by turning to dry humor if expected, fortunately for a similar standard to his previous films ????. tori ** t! This film proves nothing as smart as redeeming itself through some fun and well-programmed lines, oh no. Somehow he managed to be so disastrously little fun that I honestly didn't hear as much as a titter from a fully packed cinema ?? and anyone who knows the Sheffield UGC knows how complete the main screen is, and not a person as much as a smile. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be fun, and it's fair enough that you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what would he think of hanging this movie? The plot unnecessarily baffling! ?? I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> The most satisfying moment I experienced last night was to hear the very loud sighs from ALL directions of the audience as everyone desperately prayed for the film to end. It was also great fun to see how fast the patrons were fighting and running for the exits after they realized it was over, and they were free from their torment! <br /> <br /> I'll round this off (I have to finish, this is making me angry again), working on the "end". I mean sh ** t! The end ?? .. no, sorry I can't, you just have to go see it. It cannot be put into words, it simply cannot, and after seeing it, you will know why. Uhhhhhhh ?? chills ??
