The "52 Pick Up" movie simply doesn't work. See if you're interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or anyone in the exceptional cast, especially John Glover who is certainly brilliant. But the book - a noir thriller that burns slowly and with a lot of slop - should have turned into a film as opposed to the Oscars, instead of this wretch who could not understand if he should have faithfully represented the hard-boiled crime story of book, or opt for a shootout from the 1980s by Schwarzenegger. Moving the scene from the original venue in the book, Detroit (an area in which Leonard has lived for years and knows very well), in Los Angeles constitutes a substantial problem that Leonard tries to correct in the script, but in the end he can't. It was, for example, a clever device that made Mitchell's wife a city councilor (she had no job in the book), if you think about it: this is the only way you could ever plausibly blackmail someone in a crazy city like the years' 80 Los Angeles for adultery or any kind of potential sex scandal. Again, it is more plausible in a more conservative eastern state like Michigan to believe that a) his tiny "industry" of porn is a shabby and exhausting hell where three losers could desperately create a not-so-stupid medium-high a classmate going through a mid-life crisis, and b) adultery alone could be something you could blackmail someone into, if their erect careers and old wives couldn't withstand the shock. As the consultant Ron Jeremy will tell you, 1980s Los Angeles was a colorful and elegant Mecca, more like the "Boogie Nights" movie than in the dark and dark world of hijacked tour buses, filthy apartments and drug business in a depressed squalor urban. Then, once again, Los Angeles could be the backdrop for such a story if one would arrange the landscape more carefully - there are still many dark holes and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell comes out in the movie as a sexy and attractive Uebermensch who dances through his problems without even fatigue. In the book he was rejecting a union official while he was struggling with a failing business. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving the friendly fire he was responsible for, but he never seemed to know about it. The stories of Elmore Leonard usually have a central image that implies a bizarre civilization between the criminal and the law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell sitting in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, handing over his financial books and negotiating a more practical ransom, creates such a central image. Glover's blackmailer interprets the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim here as a conceited "good boy", responsible for the situation as if he were more a Rambo with an M-16 than the ordinary man barely afloat while the his world crumbles around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst conclusions ever, considering all the thought that went into the original story and then into the film. Trapping Raimy in Mitchell's Jaguar and making him explode with the music of the exploding musical band along with a sadistic monologue from Mitchell, he plays an audience that wants the end of the "sweet revenge" of a Chuck Norris film, not the balanced intelligent world of the Leonard's book, where Mitchell can barely escape and the conflict between good and evil could easily go either way. I left the theater shaking my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
