"The Sopranos" by David Chase is perhaps the most exaggerated television program of recent memory. Not only is the series lacking in intellect and passion, it has no soul. As everyone who reads probably already knows, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big, fat hole of the mafia boss with a wild bomb from a wife, and two boys living in ... you guessed it: the armpit of America (which is New Jersey, by the way). Tony is not just an adulterer feminist, he is also an unpredictable paper splitter, with a group of worthy "Saturday Night Live" caricatures for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of mobster sh * t that offends me (and apparently just me). Allowing characters to be who and what they are, without judgment, is something that American TV does not allow. But Chase - and his retinue of money-devoured writers, Emmy - simply did not allow us to observe Tony and his crew as they behaved, nor did they attempt to provide any understanding of the reality of action / reaction (although obviously fiction ) of organized crime (a la "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase glorifies and supports the greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle of his characters in the same way that Tony, his wife and even his short-haired psychologist do, week after week (or should I say a month after the other ... after the year? It seems that the poor 13-episode seasons of the show come out as regularly as a lunar eclipse). Much has been made of the series' refusal to adhere to the "network" structure, with plot lines that go nowhere, and characters that appear and disappear like courtyard parasites. But if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why do I always seem to witness a soap opera? Bewitched mass clichés, bored housewives, selfish characters, irreducible characters and conspiracies that go nowhere. More than ever, I can understand why so many Americans of Italian heritage are present in this show. It's enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Danté's "Hell" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> People on IMDb love to say that there is nothing good on television, and therefore "The Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are these same people also paying the cable bills to watch "The Shield"? (It is included in Basic, you know). What about the (still good) "The West Wing"? Or the brilliantly recited (if spelled incorrectly) "Boston Legal"? What about perhaps the best comedy of recent decades, "Arrested Development"? And let's not forget that we live in an age of DVDs - nobody * has * to look * any * new. I would much rather spend $ 40 for a very expensive set of, well, practically * any *, to give $ 10 a month of HBO (or $ 80 a set of DVDs!) To continue to demonstrate how much of a hack factory can be . <br /> <br /> Want a good television? Look at "Homicides: life on the street". Or "murder". Or "Picket Fences". Or even Chase's previous show, "Northern Exposure". If you're already among the legion of fans and critics "The Sopranos", it's too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his worthless relatives to whom they all belong - rotting with fish. ("Sleeping" would be too kind)
