Seriously, I can easily bear a lot of blood on the screen, blood and repulsion, but what makes this film disturbing and uncomfortable to look at is the way the doctor's character continues to wander from the physical damage done to raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby", talks about rupture of the uterus, dry and massive relationships loaded with reddish sperm (?) As if they were the most common little ailments in the world of medicine. Having said that, "Incubus" is a STRANGE ultimately horror effort. Isn't it necessarily terrible ?? even if it's not very good, either ?? but it's simply weird. The confused and incoherent screenplay initially revolves around the hunt for a murderer of flesh and blood (though the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural creature) and never seems to stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, turns out to be nice and for some reasons never explained they all seem to keep dark secrets. The aforementioned doctor has a strange interpretation of his daughter's love and continually behaves as if he were a suspect, the sheriff of the city (John Ireland) seems to be in a constant state of drunkenness and does not even seem to worry about those who continue to rape and killing women in her district, the female journalist is even too strange for the words and the Galens (an old witch and her nephew) are simply spooky. All together they are desperately trying to solve the mystery of who or what is exactly destroying the women of the organs reproducing cities. The sequences that develop into rapes and murders are admirably atmospheric and vile acts are bloody and disturbing. Basically these are very positive factors in a horror film, but the narrative structure is too inconsistent and the characters are too obnoxious because "Incubus" is a really good movie. Also, there are quite a few boring parts to beat (like filming a Bruce Dickinson concert!) And John Hough's usually very reliable direction is almost imperceptible. The final shot is actually nightmare, though. For me personally, "Incubus" was a bit disappointing, but there are still many reasons to recommend this strange piece of the horror of the early 1980s to open-minded fanatics.
