A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) relax on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing pranks on each other. Mandy hides in an old hut, is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. Roy tries to help her after hearing her screams but is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is summoned by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. Performs an autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for his horrific injuries. Shortly afterwards a curator of the local museum called Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports the events and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years earlier. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with the horrible actions. Tim's story and research in past cities mean that Sam is convinced of the existence of a creature known as Incubus, a demonic entity that changes shape and that exists only to reproduce! Directed by John Hough, this is a seriously boring horror film. George Franklin's screenplay based on the Ray Russell novel is slow to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and ends with one of the most boring events of a finale I have never seen and frustratingly it simply ends suddenly. While the story proceeds at the pace of snails, there are some rapes, but none is shown on the screen. There is also only one gore scene in the whole film. The monster itself is shown only at the end and has all three short scenes. Everything about this film production is very static and flat, the film has no energy or rhythm. Acting is boring and you don't feel or care about anyone. Watch the scene in the autopsy room, where you can clearly see the boom microphone at the top of the screen on several occasions. The kind of junk horror movie that will make you forget within a day. A real waste of time, don't worry.
