Stephen King is generally known for morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, in the end you feel sad about the characters or the situations in which they were made ... here you feel just depressed. The film has a nice feeling (at the beginning), with the family moving to the country, and the creepy old Fred Gwyne greets them and warns them of the pet cemetery, but this plot doesn't lead anywhere. It starts with so much potential, but in the end, it loses the potential to be a good horror movie, and it becomes trivial, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat move to a new home in Maine. They are warned by the fake neighbor of the farmer Jud (Fred Gwyne) on the pet cemetery and how he is cursed. Louis doesn't think about any of this and everything's fine until the family cat is killed. He buries in the cursed cemetery and returns to life, constantly hissing at the family and wanting to be left alone. One day, little Gage ends up in the street and is hit by a truck, and Louis knows he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage comes back to life, he has changed and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's works that do not translate well into films, I blame the directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was the screenwriter, but I'm going to blame him for his horrible story. In the end it's so useless, and even if it's not funny, the premise is ridiculous. A boy returns from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a small scalpel, and not just that, but he manages to lift their bodies and, in one case, carry a body from the ground to the attic! ) I know this is not actually set but seriously, how stupid can this be? The scene in which Louis injects his deceased, now living again as a cat to kill him, is strangely sad, because the cat didn't deserve it. All he did was go around looking after his own business and killed him. The scene in which he injects his newborn son is almost unbearable. It is not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is simply horrible to think. After being injected, Gage stumbles drunk around before he falls dead ... why do they need to make a movie that ends with the death of a child? But ... worse yet, the real ending of their movie involving Louis buries someone else (Not going to give away who) in the cemetery after Gage kills them ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why was it turned into a movie? It's depressing and useless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * on ****. 90 minutes R for violence.
