This film is a special of Pia Zadora! During the visualization, I was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a Hollywood starlet; urgently needs another role, but is afraid of becoming typecast for "B" movies or soft porn roles; who says at his casting session "Well, of course I don't normally play roles that require nudity, but if it's artistically necessary for the film ...............". This memory brought a very mischievous image of a similar cartoon that showed Pia in a session like this that said "Well, of course I don't normally assume roles that require actual acting, but if it will give me really enough exposure to improve my status of sex symbol .................. ". This is probably grossly unfair, the rather sordid story is the fault of Harold Robbins' book; Considering the nature of the story, Pia's exhibitions certainly do not receive undue attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won an acting award in Butterfly) is deliberately satirizing her part rather than trying to play an almost unplayable role . Usually the critics point to the actors first as the problem whenever a film turns out to be disappointing, but this is grossly unfair; scriptwriters and directors are more often the culprits. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the script, like the original book, looks for sensation rather than substance, and nothing can help us. <br /> <br /> The script of this film is abysmal, but if the story could have been shot more successfully with a better script, a tighter direction and a truly competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgment. The moment he was released, my valued viewers depend on whether I am evaluating my personal opinion, or considering how far the film manages to deliver what it aims to do. My personal score would be two out of ten; but to a certain extent this film probably provides exactly what its sponsors meant, and judged on this basis a quality assessment of four out of ten would be reasonable. Being in a charitable mood, and wanting to make it clear that I am not blaming Pia for my disappointment, I will give an IMDb evaluation on IMDb.
