The memory banks of most reviewers here have to be short-circuited when trying to remember this cubic zirconia of a gem, because virtually everyone managed to mislead Lloyd Bochner's Walter Thornton, when in an attack of irritable anger, he throws the phallic garden nozzle to his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton, (an almost comatose Pia Zadora) who was used to sexually assaulting her earlier in the movie ... but I'm anticipating. In any case, poor Lloyd could have snarled that line at the wordless audience as much as he was his putate co-star. <br /> <br /> As hard as it is for most of us to believe, especially these days, no one in Hollywood intends to make a bad movie INTENTIONALLY. This is certainly not the most defensible argument to make, since it looks like they are so damn circulating. But then again, there is that kind of film you have to imagine during the period of its creation, from writing, to casting and directing, it must have been cursed with the cinematic equivalent of the attempt to shoot during the Ides of March . > <br /> THE LONELY LADY is in that category and is very well represented, considering the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients of a recipe that guarantees a monumentally fallen soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously, that she would have taken practically everything that could make her different from her peers, (which this film surely he did it!); a somewhat high-profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (of THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST fame); a cast who probably thought he was so lucky to work at all, who tried to play this dreck like he was Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who was most likely a rented soldier who kept the casino moved just to collect a salary, (and was probably contractually obliged to NOT require the use of the nickname 'Alan Smithee' to protect what remained of his reputation. ) Like LIPSTICK by Lamont Johnson, I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE by Meir Zarchi, BARBARELLA by Roger Vadim, SHOWGIRLs by Paul Verhoeven or Grandmammy of Really Bad Film, MOMMY DEAREST by Frank Perry, THE LONELY LADY is still often discussed, (usually with disgust, disbelief, horrified laughter, or a unique combination of all three), but they also defy the dissection, the description or even the pretzel logic of Hollyweird. No one is sure how it was, how it was ever even released in a single theater, or why it is still here and almost impossible to eliminate, but take it or leave it, it is here to stay. And I don't think that really good BAD movie lovers can do it any other way.
