Paul Armstrong is a liberal, born in Scotland, a law professor at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, which is hired to deal with the case of Bobby Earl, a young black from Florida who was convicted of rape and murder of Joanie Shriver, a white girl of eleven. Earl states that his confession to crime was obtained by violence from a sadistic police officer and that the real murderer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer already sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row, hoping to persuade him to confess to Joanie's murder, thereby saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first it's all right. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the appellate court cancels his sentence. Since this development occurs only shortly after the middle of the film, it is at this point that the alarm bells will begin to resonate in the mind of the spectator. "Attention! A great twist ahead!" And so try. The expected twist soon materializes. Earl, shines through, is actually guilty of the crime he just committed, and probably also of many others, but he devised a diabolical plan with Sullivan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will confess to Joanie's murder if Earl kills his parents. (Just because Sullivan wanted his dead parents never to be explained precisely). Armstrong now discovers that he himself is in danger for the man whose life he has just saved; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, a lawyer herself, who acted as a lawyer for the prosecution in a previous case where Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of self-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge, putting together a film by recycling themes and plot devices from many others. The first half owes a clear debt to films like "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; the only difference is that the sheriff who beats a confession from Bobby Earl is himself black, while in the previous films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an activity of equal opportunities). The central turning point in the plot was borrowed from "Music Box" by Costa-Gavras, although in that film the revelation does not occur until the end. The ending, in which a lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are in danger from a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear", which also take place in the swamps of the South American. The characterization of Ed Harris of Sullivan as a bible religious maniac is a direct imitation of the character of Robert de Niro in the scorsese version of "Cape Fear", made four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (There is a postscript. Just like "Just Cause" borrowed heavily from many other films, seven years later his central twist was, in turn, being blatantly plagiarized into the vehicle by Ashley Judd "High crimes"). <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of film production by number is that the resulting films are generally much less distinct than those that inspired them. The whole is normally much less than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much less important film than those that have been cannibalized to make it happen. Harris is normally a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest performances, in large part because he is not so much playing a character as the role of de Niro who plays Max Cady. Blair Underwood is OK as Bobby Earl the (presumably) innocent young man of the early scenes, but not as convincing as Bobby Earl the psychopathic murderer of the next. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black sheriff are quite better, but neither is good enough to save the film. (Connery and Harris should have acted together in another film, "The Rock" the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film appears as a standard liberal release film, against the death penalty, anti-racist and critical of heavy police. The second part looks more like the work of an irreducible reactionary, preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to deal with them is to fry them on the chair, that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal fraternity and that the police officers who beat suspects must be praised as heroes. The filmmakers seem to have been blissfully unaware that the twist accidentally introduced in the middle of their film had the (supposedly unwanted) effect of reversing its political position, or if they were aware of the problem they ignored. Obviously, a properly twisted plot was considered more important than political consistency. 4/10
