Well, you have it, another disappointment about my account. Two, actually! First of all, although I like to think of myself as knowing something about the euro-exploitation of the 1970s and its most prolific contributors, I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarno before. Here is a guy who made more than seventy rancid exploitation films and loads of cult and I didn't see one! Such as? Why? What happened here? Secondly, and even worse, just when you think you have found a new source for obscure cult films, the most famous and alleged "masterpiece" of that director turns out to be an irreducibly boring and irritating film. To be sure, the lesbian vampire films form an insignificant subgenre as a whole, but some of them are immersed in a threatening atmosphere and a curious sensuality (like "Vampires" by José Larraz or "Daughters of darkness" by Harry Kümmel). Joseph Sarno's film has nothing to offer but a copious amount of free nudity and this too gets boring rather quickly. The events take place in an ancient isolated castle, hidden in the depths of the German mountains, where an evil and bloody (literally) baroness lived five centuries ago. Do your faithful disciples still organize naked dance parties in the catacombs of the castle, which are lit by penis-shaped candles? AUCH, and hope to resurrect the baroness anytime soon. Suddenly (don't even ask yourself how) the castle is full of young and sexy female guests, so other erotic rituals also follow. It looks delicious and fun, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a huge number of sequences in which literally nothing happens and where ignorant facial expressions of cast members are simply unbearable! Sarno is not able to create suspense or create a gothic atmosphere (or maybe he doesn't care at all about it) and the actresses' skills are limited to standing in front of the topless camera and pulling a really pathetic face. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperately you try to see all the filthy lesbian-vampire movies of the 70s, this is not worth a penny! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art with respect to this dud.
