Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, as it is more commonly known in the English-speaking public, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) who checks the locations for her new movie with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day of work, Laura relaxes in the bathroom of her room when two very dubious characters named Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) burst in and kidnap her having been helped by the evil Jane. Laura's agent gets pumped by the hero Peter Weston (Al Cliver) who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and demand a ransom of 6 million. Peter is told that 200,000 will be paid to bring her back to safety and a further 10% of the 6 million if he does too, faster than a mouse on a sewer pipe Peter and his friendly Vietnam helicopter pilot Vet Jack are on island and decide how to save Laura. So, the kidnappers have Laura and Peter have 6 million but neither of them wants to deliver them so much. Just to complicate matters further, this particular isolated island hosts a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations that lived there, they managed to build only a straw hut, now primitive) that worships a cannibal monster (Burt Altman ) with bulging eyes like a God with human sacrifices and this cannibal has a weakness for white flesh and female intestine ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-production was co-written and directed by prolific Jesus Franco who also gets the credit for music. Sexo Cannibal has gained some notoriety here in the UK since it was included in the "Nasties of videos" list in the early 1980s under its alternative title of Devil Hunter and therefore officially classified as obscene and banned, having said that it does not I have no idea why as a bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid of being associated with a turkey, decides to hide himself under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I imagine that even the most demanding Franco fan would have difficulty defending this thing. The screenplay by Franco, I'm sorry, I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who obviously was another person less impressed by the finished product and wanted his name removed, it's horrible. It's as simple and straightforward as that. To begin with, the film is so boring that it's not true, the kidnapping plot is one of the most boring I've ever seen without the slightest hint of tension or excitement and the horror side of things doesn't improve with the arrival of a big black guy with stupid bloodshot eyes plus two tamed cannibal scenes. As a Sexo Cannibal horror film fails and as an action adventure no longer succeeds, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence in everything, a decapitated head is reached by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves arranged around the lower part of the neck to try to give the impression that he does not be attached to nothing! The cannibal scenes are scarce, the action is lame and there are endless scenes of people walking randomly through the jungle from "A" to "B" and do nothing when they get there. It becomes incredibly boring and boring to watch after about 10 minutes and don't forget that this thing goes on for 94 minutes in its unprocessed state. I must also mention the hilarious scene in which Al Cliver should climb a cliff, this is obtained by Franco turning his camera to his side and Cliver crawling along the floor! Just look at the way he hangs his coat and the way he never catches anything while he drags! The gore is not so nice and as for the euro cannibal films this is very domesticated, there are some close-ups of the mouth of the cannibals that chews pieces of meat, a man is impaled to the tips, there is blood and a handful of intestines. There's a lot of nudity on Sexo Cannibal and an unpleasant rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have had a low budget and I mean low. This is a poor movie made bad with terrible special effects and fund production values. The only decent thing is the jungle setting that at least seems authentic. The music sucks and the sound effects become annoying as there is a lot of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on the screen. Acting sucks, everything was obviously nicknamed anyway, but nobody in this thing can act. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a terrible film that makes the fatal mistake of being boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a certain drab atmosphere and those close-ups of cannibal chewing meat are rather coarse. Anyone looking for a decent movie experience should give Sexo Cannibal the widest possible, one to avoid.
