In the days leading up to the Toxic Avenger, the kings of the Troma Films low camp tried to take the high (OK, slightly less low) route to produce images of straight slasher. I would like to think that seeing the results here is what convinced them to give up all the claims and go to the awkward parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another film for audience masochists. As it winds through two separate casts and countless useless subplots, it becomes really painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action moves to a Catholic university (I don't remember the name, but in honor of the title, let's call it St. Splatter). The students are listless and grumpy, and fight fiercely with one another, slackers ahead of their time. Meanwhile, the new professor, Julie Parker, is completely incompetent in her work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, lascivious priests and how to avoid doing any work in the classroom; Julie has to do with a creepy boy, the inflexible administration of St. Splatter, advice to unmarried mothers and the expressionless and inexpressive expression of her students. None of this means a damn thing or it is solved in a meaningful way. Oh, and from time to time, a POV shot comes and stabs one of the girls to death, but don't hold your breath waiting for it. There is a Red Herring Killer, and then a sadly anticlimatic clash with the Real Killer, then he returned to the asylum and launch credits. <br /> <br /> The slow rhythm and the numerous inane subplots seem almost calculated to produce a sense of mounting of frustration in the viewer, which is aided by inconsistent editing, coffee sound quality and dialogues that make no sense . And the most painful thing about this film is fixing the killer on women: the men in this film are so deserving. I had paid quite a bit of money to see someone off with my pregnant girlfriend, or Lothario the joker who was joking with his girlfriend's roommate, or any of the gruesome priests. There is no justice.
