Colleges, high schools, fraternities and sisterhoods have been the most popular stalking motives for manic lunatics since the slasher cycle first became a popular film culture in the late 1970s. Even the shacks and backwood camps shot and shot against the amount of massacres that took place on campuses since Halloween categorized the genre as a cult horror category. From the first rumors like To all to Good Night to the big budget of titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out, there has usually always been a slasher on campus lurking somewhere in the pipeline. Despite being captured by Troma - the titans of the wickedness of the movie B ?? Splatter University has been heavily optimized for release and has never really found an audience. Even the well-known hack and slash sites like HYSTERIA-LIVES have erased Richard Haines' splatter yarn as one of the worst booms of the early 1980s. I always approach films criticized optimistically because there is often the possibility that some negative reviews may be unfairly contagious as a dose of flu, which crowds the judgment of certain authors. <br /> <br /> Start in traditional fashion at a place where any maniac worthy of his salts emerges. Yes, you guessed it ?? a madhouse! It appears that one of the detainees has decided not to be satisfied with the level of service at the institution and is therefore trying to take his business elsewhere. The invisible crazy job pauses after stabbing an unfortunate orderly where the sun certainly doesn't shine. Obviously it favors the sense of the murdered worker's suit, so he takes the freedom to borrow his uniform, blood-stained trousers and everything! Three years later, we move to St Trinians College, a school that is controlled by Catholic priests. A teacher is busy after hours marking her students when they suddenly knock on the door. Before she has the chance to find out what the invisible visitor wants, he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and falls to the ground in a heap of blood. This obviously means that at the university there is a vacancy and therefore we are introduced to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the amiable substitute of the teacher just out. It seems that his arrival has inadvertently given the resident maniac all the reasons he needs to go on a massacre with no holds barred. Before long, students and teachers are falling like flies to the camera, while threatening the corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. Suspicious suspicions abound, but can Professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus murderer before it becomes just another statistic? <br /> <br /> I'm not sure how many versions of this film are available. The altered video in the UK was released under the pseudonym of Campus Killings, but the US copy I own states that it is the complete and unpublished edition, which could mean that there is a censored print floating somewhere? I would be quite surprised if this were the case, as Splatter University certainly isn't as delicious as the hyperbole pack could make you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup certainly do not stand up to the control of the cold-blooded hound compared to Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is a bit exaggerated. One thing that many critics have failed to mention is Francine Forbes' fascinating performance as a protagonist, which ends up bringing the entire portrait on her shoulders for 79 minutes in duration. Despite the amateur direction of Richard Haines, he still reveals some magnificent potential that should have led to the possibility of another stab at serious actions under a more complete rider. Unfortunately that possibility never arrived, and the bottom of the barrel bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly didn't help cultivate a talent that could have drastically improved with the right scholarship. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast members They were the same for the course of the darkness of the film, especially the teenagers of wooden boards who for some strange reason acted as if they were doing auditions for a remake of Grease or The Wanderers. The standard point of the bog and the direction of the shot could not have helped to build much confidence in the project and the fact that the few signs of the potential were weakened by the clumsy management of the scriptwriter left the feature film truly irredeemable. Perhaps the only claim to originality that is found in Haines slasher is the courageous attempt at the conflicting conclusion. Let's just say it's not a final that I expected to see in a movie that was so typical of the cycle. <br /> <br /> At some point in the runtime, one of the guys says "Man that Parker bores me to tears ??" Well, the same can be said for Splatter University, which never lifts the pace in slow motion . With that said though, Francine Forbes made for a delightful queen scream and no doubt one that I would have paid to look again in a similar role. So this sums up this spectacular ride very well. Rhythmic slow, poor but still strangely fascinating; should you be particularly forgiving to give him a chance ??
