I bought the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few dollars without knowing what it was and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those European trash horror movies that has almost no redeeming qualities except to be completely funny, for all the bad reasons. The opening alone was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle where a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who is experimenting on dead tissue, should help. On the way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) the housekeeper of the castle fights with her. 3) the maid wants her dead. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost spits it out and wants it out the next day. Hmm ... something tells me it's not welcome. With such a miserable arrival, you would have thought that Ivanna would have left her place in a minute in New York but no, like so many great trash movies, our "stubborn" heroine decides to stay and even enjoy a candlelit dinner with the baron grumpy on that same day full of events. The introduction is so sloppy (it's even bigger than the memorable first few minutes of that Canadian film, JUNIOR) that I knew I would like this. <br /> <br /> But the fun doesn't make it. I finish here. Ivanna is repeatedly drugged every time she goes to bed at night, only to wake up unconscious, naked, tied up and tortured in light S & M sessions by an invisible man. Even after attending these nightly S & M sessions, Ivanna remains at the castle, obtusely convinced by the angry baron that what she is experiencing is nothing but dreams. To be expected, even after being treated so badly from the start, Ivanna falls in love with the Baron. Ivanna completely ignores anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the severe baron is popular among young women. Every woman in the castle (it seems that only women work there) is in love with the miserable asshole, who would not mind taking advantage of the beautiful young things. Things get even more silly while someone wanders around the estate and kills (and is killing) women. Basically, Baron's brother, physically disfigured, is responsible for everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the baron that he should not be too involved with Ivanna or suffer the consequences. So what do the baron and Ivanna do for this? Well, get married, of course! During the very brief marriage ceremony, the baron was struck by one of the angry locals (father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not dissuade Ivanna, who, among all the dead young women and the tortures that surround them, cheerfully comforts the wounded Baron who "is only a flesh wound" and that the two can go ahead and enjoy their honeymoon at the castle, where is the killer / rapist / torturer. The whole thing quickly turns into a nightmare love triangle, between Ivana, the baron and Igor. Blame love! <br /> <br /> However, you get the idea: thin is not. Almost everything is exaggerated and ridiculous in this film and when it's not OTT, like the predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer delights in an illogically shabby moment after another. I love this kind of film, all as subtle as being hit in the head by a hammer and populated by characters who behave illogically. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD understood it and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest dialogues from dubbed film repeated to infinity. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are wonderfully laughable. The opening and closing titles, with those candles and red curtains ... ah, a classy soup. Music sometimes sounds like something out of a Tim Burton movie, which only adds to the strangeness of it all. It is customary for this kind of film, when young women take off their clothes, simply ask for death. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I consider this a 2, but as "it's so bad it's good" movie, I consider it a solid 8 star. If you like trash movies, please watch this. It is a must see. The only thing I had left to think about was this: what would that woman want out of that damn castle?
