(various spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and non-French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very eco-friendly performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who very often annoys my balls. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something in his character on the screen that is too ambitious and focused to convince as a penniless artist in Paris, happy to postpone criticism indefinitely, to have fun with small children and old ladies and painting in the streets. This is what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and in other films in which he played ambitious and focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is in some ways a cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another Lerner story with Kelly miscasta as an American on the loose who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies his virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as nice as even the poor dazed Tommy. This is another annoying thing about this movie. Jerry is sometimes a cad in Milo, and even worse in Lise. When he first sees the latter in a club, he pulls a bad joke to convince her to dance with him. When he sits down again he pulls out an even more dirty trick to get his phone number. When he calls her the next day she hangs him up, which he takes as a starting point to enter his workplace. And in all this it is obvious that he does NOT want anything to do with him. When he starts laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop, he is as credible as Milo's interest in his paintings. Of course it's beautiful and playful, but why should it affect her when she took Henri, who looks like a gentleman to start with? <br /> <br /> He admits that he is so disgusted in part because of the actress. If a role like Lise was played by Judy Garland, she would have showered Jerry with insults and indignant glares. If it were interpreted by Cyd Charisse, he would admire his courage. But when played by novice Leslie Caron, she looks and behaves like a shy and vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry looks like a dog. And why did they choose these other actors (even if personally I would prefer that they would have solved things by changing the command) when the whole story is centered on the love story of these two poor young lovers who disentangle themselves from their commitments without love to the richest? Gene Kelly is not just a few years above Guetary and Foch, he is old enough to be Caron's father. <br /> <br /> In short, I think everything would have been improved by launching some young comedian dancer like Jerry, the guy who usually appeared in musical support roles ... eg Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in the SMALL CITY GIRL. Maybe not necessarily, but someone I LIKE. Someone who could chase Liza and make him look harmlessly playful; someone who would have looked really happy living in that hole in the wall of Chaplinque; someone whose humor and ingenuity would have contrasted better with Oscar Levant's sarcastic grumpiness. It would probably also make the ballet seem less weighty. And he could have provided a voice that could sing Gershwin better. <br /> <br /> All this could give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him. It was great in most of his films, but not this (well, and a few others). I don't even despise the same AAIP; has good points, such as art direction. And Leslie Caron, who despite her inexperience is quite charming, and really seems to have just come out of a painting. Georges Guetary does a great job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the film. Nina Foch is beautiful and moving and should have ended up with SOMEONE. But not Jerry Mulligan. I wouldn't want that for her.
