NB: Spoiler inside. Assigning an art director to an opera production naturally and inevitably means that you will get a piece of that director's mind. But conducting a work by Wagner is a particularly difficult task, since he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of how things should be and how they should take place. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg uploads the footage of "Parsifal", Wagner's latest masterpiece, with enough extraneous ideas to almost make the seams explode. You get more than one piece of the director: you get the whole fat pig and then some. Syberberg is to be admired for his inclination to tear the covers to the ugliest aspects of German history. But does it work to merge the desire for a Wagner work that is already rich with its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the Knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are particularly laden with visual allegory and symbolism. These are from the time of Wagner, long ago, and go much further. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily improve Wagner's vision); if you don't know what they mean, they are simply confused, if not annoying. I will not bother to unroll the plot of the work here. Suffice it to say that this is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of different elements, in this case a fusion of the legend of the Holy Grail with the principles, practices and pomp of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in almost all of Wagner's works. <br /> <br /> Personally I had to sweat to get over the first act of Syberberg (amidst my shocking acclimatization, the music saved the day). But act II takes up the rhythm. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard, trying to trap the "innocent madman" Parsifal. The greatest seducer of all of them, Kundry, will be used to lure him to the dark side. After an initial alliance with multiple symbols, these are torn away, and the long, splendid and transformative duet between a mad young man and a temptress really takes off. Finally the film starts producing real magic, and it is mainly due to Syberberg's choice to set things in a natural and simple way. Suddenly the acting begins to work (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the lustful soprano of Yvonne Minton's team to create a wonderful Kundry); suddenly the music seems to come to life and make the inner turmoil of the two characters come alive. The camera work remains simple and quietly fluid. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his terms. And it works beautifully. For me it was the most compelling part of the film. <br /> <br /> With the re-entry of the knights in part 2 of the third act, unfortunately the mysterious foreign symbolism creeps in. Other crazy ideas by Syberberg: using a huge Wagner death mask as an important set-piece (making the composer's protruding trunk grow comically); to dress the knights of Act III in all kinds of costumes, wigs and make-up (what does the director say? That knights are a bunch of buffoons?) that express multiple or timeless layers of meaning beyond their surface functions? the insertion ?? immediately after the incredibly touching baptism of Kundry of Parsifal ?? of retroprojection shots of the conductor who experienced, in modern-day realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely broke my dramatic thread, requiring some minutes to reorganize); the complete escape from spending time between Acts II and III (when we meet the knight again and the "narrator" Gurnemanz, he should be an old, old man, and Parsifal should re-emerge as a tired but wiser elderly man); but certainly the most bizarre blow is that of dividing the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find this the brightest hit. There is no doubt that I can credit Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2", with acting of strength and dignity (she too seems to be the best lip-syncher of the entire cast). But please ... Warser's concept of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, to his final realization in the second act of what the eternal wound of Amfortas means and how he became his, on his return as the great Redeemer of the III act? this is the journey of a masterfully constructed character. Bi-sexual emphasis is simply deceitful and absurd. (And what about these nonsense about a Gurnemanz and a homoerotic Parsifal? Can't we simply accept a mentor / apprentice relationship, which is wonderfully reversed in the third act?) <br /> <br /> The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (even if the choir is disappointing). But after watching this movie I just wanted to pull out my recording with Solti-led (highly recommended) and get my Wagnerian pads again. The cinematic experience for me ranged from bizarre to intractable to exasperating. Thanks to Syberberg, he created a visually appealing work, and certainly offers a unique view of an important work. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal", he seems to have wanted to introduce all Wagnerian things: man, life, the enormous influence ... all in the crude symbolic code. "Parsifal" the work is already full of heavy symbolism: the Grail, the Lance, the Holy Sacraments, the baptism, the always bleeding wound of Amfortas, the self-castration of Klingsor, the Kiss, Curse of Kundry and so on . This is not to mention the * musical * symbolism that constantly resonates in the score, in the form of Wagner's leitmotiv system. "Parsifal" is in itself a huge symbol! Going back to my question on the first paragraph, Syberberg's whole pig is really too much for me. But if this project seems like something to tease your imagination, then do it. I would not recommend staying away from this; you may find yourself deeply satisfied. Or if you need something to break your Wagner barrier, try it ... but please, please, don't stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late and very mature alloy.
