I am fully aware that there are no statistical data that easily support the correlation between video games and violence in real life. The film is fake and fake because it is in complete contradiction of itself, which is what I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film fails, not necessarily because I really think these guys were influenced by video games, but because the film sets it as "casual" and doesn't follow it. Allow me to clarify. In Aileen: life and death of a serial killer, you can see his claims about the police and be controlled by radio waves are ridiculous, yet he is so worried that he really believes them to be true. However, the viewer can make the distinction. In Zero Day, the 2 children continue to say how they are not influenced by anything environmental, which is obviously false because everything they do contradicts this. Neo-Nazism, talking about going to CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because they know his name, but it is a shameless attempt by the director to get the cover of his bad movie) .. etc. This film does not represent "reality", it shows nothing but falsehood to prove a point. Unfortunately you fell for the bait and didn't see it, and you didn't even understand it from my review. The whole film is simply taking the Michael Moore hypothesis and applying it to something "real life" in the hope of validating and failing, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I don't think that children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there was no videotape of Columbine's children (or some teenage killers) shooting with guns in the forest claiming how much they watched or do you act like weapons in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are most likely aware of the media, influenced, but obviously balanced or smart enough that it's not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the director doesn't know what he's trying to say, and the film does more to deny his point and then supports it. It's almost as if the new classifications given to video games made someone angry, so they invented "Zero Day" in retaliation. If you want to see the theory of the "mindless" teenage killer, go watch Bully.
