This review applies to the cutting of the film which is generally available as "Wolfman's Fury". I understand that there is an integral version out there with additional footage, and I hope it contains at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing in the cut known as "Werewolf's Fury". In short, the film makes absolutely no sense. It is an absolute absurdity, and an absurdity incomprehensible to this. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, that venerable werewolf-like anti-hero depicted by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal boy who has just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow this turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist and an instructor in what appears to be a college. One of her colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a meaningless word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to a victim's head. Ellman believes that this will allow her to "change the direction of the human brain", naturally allowing her to rule the world, provided she can get us all attached to these wires without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in werewolves, because he kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to his hidden workshop. He has a lot of other people trapped there. Some of them look like gypsies and are chained, being in various states of lucidity. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann believes that one day he might be able to "help them be human again" (?), But in the meantime he controls them with his chematodes. Waldemar becomes his hairy killer, wandering around like a werewolf zombie, that is, until the directors decide to use the movie of another Naschy werewolf film, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (don't ask), at what point the werewolf of Naschy changes considerably and moves like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does this make sense? No? Good. This is the saving grace of the film. He does not try to involve you in any kind of intellectual level, but goes on at full speed with any meaningless dialogue or a cheap horror movie. "Fury of the Wolfman" could be the best Halloween movie ever made. You absolutely don't have to pay attention to it, and in fact if you do, you'll be completely confused.
