I saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently, on one of those dollar-sized DVDs that seem to be everywhere nowadays, and it was so moved by what I can't contain myself. For those who have never seen this Mexican mesmerizing miserable import, and wish to view it without being affected by someone else's iterative commentary, there are undoubtedly substantial spoilers in the following. So if you are one of those reckless individuals, stop reading right away and go watch it for yourself. If you get drunk early enough, you might be lucky enough to faint before it's over. <br /> <br /> Start with the premise that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the film ventures into an explanation of how this type of plant could occur between species, and the rest of the film is even more hopelessly senseless. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you're drinking), and let's continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) looks like a man who is fighting a toothache in a city where only the dentist has traded his novocaine for a cheap whiskey case , and has been drunk since then. (Isn't he the lucky one?) Naschy's facial expression never changes, either inside or outside the make-up, and apparently no one gave him any suggestions on how to behave like a werewolf. From time to time he tries to imitate Lon Chaney Jr.'s Crouch, but most of the time he just walks around in his black mafia shirt, like another cool guy with a bit of hair on his face. To be honest, the trick is actually better than the actor in it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's werewolf is the only one I can think of changing shirts twice in the middle of a prey. It goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in one frantic night. Interestingly enough, he always makes Chaney crouch while wearing his red shirt, and the cool guy walks while wearing his black shirt. And it is only while wearing the red jersey that we see most of the fury he refers to in the title. Presumably there is something in that red shirt that pulls out the animal in it. <br /> <br /> So, after being bitten by the pollinator yeti, poor schmuck returns home from Tibet to know that his wife has slept with one of his students. The two illicit lovers try to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survives the wreck and makes him go home just in time for the full moon. Then, after having chewed his wife and his lover, he goes away again and somehow manages to get electrocuted. But is it enough? Can they leave this tormented wretch in peace? Not a possibility. He is resurrected by an alleged scientist with a S / M hardcore fetish, otherwise known as "The Doctor" (and certainly not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She digs him and takes him away to his extravagant kastle, takes him down to the dungeons, binds him to the wall and gives him a good flogging. Presumably such a series of humiliations should be enough to put some anger in every werewolf. <br /> <br /> After his two-wing fury, our wolf spends most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his wanderings, he encounters an incoherently incoherent assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a Phantom of the Opera impersonator curiously inept (presumably the Doctor's father), and a tough - participation of slaves of slave servitude. <br /> <br /> So what is it about, can you reasonably ask? One has the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control, and involves something that the Doctor calls "chemotrodes". (The best hypothesis: I have no idea how it is written, if such a thing also exists.) Fortunately, the experiment ends in failure and, more importantly, ends ... before we have time to break the leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, you don't really expect any sense from a movie like this, but at least it should be good for laughter. This is not. Forget it, man. There is a kind of creeping anarchy in this film, from the setting tinged with the tequila to its atrocious cinematography and its agonizing soundtrack, which challenges even the most disconcerted attempts to make any type of MST3K laugh. If it's not even good for that, what the hell is good for? If Montezuma's revenge could be somehow remastered and included on a DVD, it would have looked exactly like this movie.
