"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" constitutes a completely autonomous plot that does not seem at all to adapt to Waldemar Daninsky's previous films. Some have commented that this film should take place before the "Werewolf Shadow" events, although it was released later ... they may be right, I'm not sure. However, in this film Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti creature in Tibet (a great dialogue here - "He was a yeti." But it's impossible, I'm a scientist and these things don't exist. It was a hallucination. That's all. ") And although it is marked with the pentagram sign, he is able to prevent passage to a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has betrayed him, turning into a beast one night, killing both her and her lover before rushing out into a storm and to be electrocuted. It is not long before he is resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who is conducting a kind of unfathomable experiments with mind control, he is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals. br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, is a good actor and has dedicated himself passionately to his work. these films are spoiled, you can always count on him for a decent performance. The rest of the cast looks pretty good, but it's hard to tell when they have a submissive voice dubbed on all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice over artists they used were just awful, horrible, horrible. Whenever I giggled during the movie it was in an inept way that they pronounced their lines (they constantly seem to refer to the hero as "Waldeman"). But unfortunately it is almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy's films, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> The direction of Jose Maria Zabalza seems a kind of hit-and-miss .. there are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly modified, particularly in the final scenes when really matters. The reason for this was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while he was on set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogues, used the extras without his permission and broke several shots from Molina's previous films. All of this has pretty much ruined every chance that this film had to be one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that the two of them have never worked together again. <br /> <br /> But not all bad news, as are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the plot create an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The idea of ​​'werewolf as a Yeti' is one that is back in Molina's next work. Some pretty horrible and surreal things continue in the basement, and there is also a memorable sequence in the middle of the film where Daninsky runs from house to house in a village, slaughtering or harassing innocents as he goes - one scene is particularly intense, but in reality was raised directly from Molina's first film, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo", along with some other shots. Actually I found the film overall very funny, although there are some problems with the version of Front Row Entertainment, like the fairly obvious cuts (although some may be due to the director's lack of continuity). Gods knows what omissions there are - I'll probably try to get my hands on the full version at some stage in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a decent piece of vintage Naschy that experienced fans might enjoy, but it could have been a lot better so it probably wouldn't be a great introduction.
