I honestly had no idea that the Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon, the director, not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 80s! I always imagined that the impeccable "Ant Empire" was his last masterpiece in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands ran into an ancient and dusty VHS copy of "The Coming", something totally obscure and unheard. of a sorcery film that actually turned out to be a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as an apparently atmospheric tale of the late Middle Ages soon takes a stupid turn when an inhabitant of 1692 is inexplicably transferred to the present Salum, Massachusetts and promptly attacks a girl in the history museum. For you, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman who was an evil girl in good faith in 1692 and falsely accused over twenty people of practicing witchcraft that led to their executions in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wants his backward revenge. But poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent student, ?? or is she "Burned at the Stake" takes place as a mixture of "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a touch of "The Time Machine" launched for good measure. Well done, Bert! The plot becomes duller and more senseless with each new twist, but at least it never transcends complete boredom, as often happens in other contemporary witchcraft films like "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror". The film jumps back and forth between today's events and the flashbacks of 1692; which makes it quite fun and fast. Ann Putman's girlfriend is a rather charming character, reminiscent of the character of Abigail Williams in the most popular theatrical show "The Crucible" (also painted by Winona Ryder in the 1996 film). There are a couple of fantastic death sequences, like the teacher in the cemetery or the journalist in the library, which are committed by the ghost of the evil reverend who made a pact with Ann Putman and maybe even the devil himself. The film becomes rather spastic and completely absurd towards the end, but overall there is a good cheesy fun. Furthermore, the least that can be said about Bert I. Gordon is that over the years he has certainly developed some managerial skills.
