I have seen thousands of films and I have never written a review, but the Red Eye I witnessed is so at odds with the brilliant tributes published here that I am forced to offer my two cents in protest and vote for the lowest score. possible to bring the media closer to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a boring and boring stink of a movie that is memorable only for its apologetic representations of the target of terrorists (a diplomatic bully of John Bolton who is really a good guy, you don't know) and of Dr. Phil (whose bestseller book, one learns) is read by frequent flyers all over the world). The only real Red Eye I ever lived was to rub my eyes in disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before shelling out $ 10 or so dollars for this B movie, read the "Quotes (from the trailer)" above, and ask yourself if you really like a movie where these were the lines smarter to find. Unfortunately, nothing else in this film is better. The basic premise is as silly as hell; the acting is bland and uninspired, completely devoid of chemical pro / antagonist; the potential for suspense is nullified at every turn - except in the last five minutes - by bad direction and anticipatory editing; the script is full of inconsistencies such as: the first revelations of the heroine as a star of the lacrosse world are called into question when she later fights the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the holes in the plot are larger than First Class (while the character development is strictly Coach). <br /> <br /> And then there are moments of extreme ridiculousness, like when the daughter of a high-level audience DOES NOT go straight to the security of the airport, at her first opportunity, to warn them of a murder plot against both the National Security chief and his father. Or when that same woman runs for the skin bent by hell along the smooth linoleum of the airport, with the piston swelling and the veins in her swelling, while wearing 4-inch stiletto heels. Or when his pursuer pursues the same way with a wound to suck in his windpipe. Or when terrorists use a fishing rod to pull their weapon out of the harbor. I'm always willing to suspend disbelief, but I'm not going to jump from 30.00 feet without a parachute. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about this film is that it depicts women who are capable (even in baby form) of handling the most extreme emergencies - the kind of gender imaging that is missing in the American movies. Apart from that, this film never takes off and is no more exciting than the red-light flight from Boston to New York. Remember the last time you were sucked into deceptive trailers and bright tributes in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those moments. Wait for the Red Eye video, and don't watch it then, either.
