Wes Craven, you're laughing ... at our expense. The Red Eye plot is absurd ... We are faced with a boy who apparently spent eight weeks watching a girl, who then turns to an airport behind her, flirts and successfully blocks her, in some so a seat next to her is packed into a two-seat space, not trapped in the middle of a row of five seats (contacts at check-in?) and it's very nice during a painful slooooow buildup. Then, once in the air, in a small space, surrounded by strangers, immediately begins to threaten emptiness, if super efficient, Rachel McAdams and saying tosh as 'we got a dad, do what I say, or take it'. Well, forgive me, but they didn't already have his dad ready for the massacre-so-you-better-I owed long before he got on the plane and so it wouldn't have been oh, really much easier just to rip the girl off the road and terrifying in a room somewhere, forgetting the complicated and insecure plot of his father, pulling out his nails or anything else until he made the important call necessary? Or even - because this is the film and we need some unreal twists - to keep the stupid thing of dad in pain, if necessary, but dress it better so as to keep it in danger until the twisted plot is finished a little sense without the dumbdown plan? Alternatively, without wanting to look like a true terrorist / thinking killer, the massive bazooka missile could not have been used much more easily, for example, on a car that ran along the highway, with the politician inside instead of the fiftieth story of a Miami waterfront hotel, from a fishing boat (mind you, as we already know, security in Miami is lax, so they'll go fast)? I know, I know, a lot more fun to look through a cute girl for 8 weeks, tear up her dad's house to steal his wallet (which somehow - star trek style - is transported instantly from Miami to Texas) to - perhaps - let her organize a politician to change hotel rooms and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things could go wrong here, each of which completely destroys the Great Plan, so why not reduce the elements to a tip reasonable, such as - 1. bazooka. 2. car. 3. boom! My 50 minute drive home from the cinema was spent highlighting the abundance of flaws and stupid Hitchcockian cod-shots, which unfortunately was the best fun of all the sad experience. And as regards security at the Miami airport ... we have an apparently crazy and violent girl who escapes from an airplane, chased by the policemen, who during the chase sits down to have a coffee, moves elsewhere to read a magazine in a bar, then he runs like crazy up and down the entire terminal ... now chased by the crazy Cillian Murphy (no CCTV cameras?) - I had guns aimed at me to park in the wrong place for 10 seconds to the Miami airport a couple of years ago). So instead of talking to the cops - his allies - or getting on the blower in a phone box directed to his father to warn him of his life he is in danger, McAdams prefers instead to steal a People Carrier from a family in the airport square ( call the damn security ...) and go home to dad, mow the killer in the front yard of the house, in a wealthy neighborhood, crushing the porch in the process - an act that actually wakes a dad from an afternoon nap after about a minute, but somehow unable to register with neighbors who are not even slightly curious, thus ensuring another 15 minutes of hide and seek while the two run around the large Hollodeck type house. .. Dohhh, actually it hurts to keep thinking about it - Cillian (surely renamed Silly 'a for doing this?) Turns absurdly from ice killer to crazy assassin (and inept) at the end, this theoretically ruthless life dispatcher human n Allow dad to live so he can see his daughter while he was cooking his goose. I'd better stop, because the drivel flow I'm writing here must seem uncoordinated like the Red Eye script. If Mrs McAdams had not been authorized to board the plane, the title could have been altered, from "Red Eyes" to "No Eye, Dear". RR
