There are moments in this unique carton of pure beauty, but overall it is not very nice. The limited animation as well as the sub standard character and the background design will limit its appeal on the mass market. The character design resembles a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible (Brendan, the main character of this film also presents a disturbing resemblance with Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). The design background ranges far and away from being tasteless and depressing for stylish and essential, yet by today's standards, overall it is still poor and cheap. Many of the backgrounds resembled the animation of eastern or northern Europe from the mid-1980s, beautiful in its own way, but for an audience of modern children, accustomed to the flocks of CG and talking dogs with each piece of fur on their body swaying in the wind, it will certainly disappoint. The story is not overly engaging and many of the voice actors are not overly impressive, especially the usually brilliant Brendan Gleeson who seems to be calling from his side. There are also some secondary characters that appear as clichés and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, bad Vikings, although underused, are well made and have a specific presentiment both in appearance and sound. There is a moment that involves the main character and his mentor was saved by the Wolves from a Viking attack that is very well put together. Even the look and feel was very inspired by the film Watership Down which includes a brazen rip-off / homage to Inlay's Ghost Rabbit. The look is also clearly and clearly inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you like these topics you may be attracted by its appearance. The film also has moments of well-structured shots that guide the eye in a very artistic way, including a nice match match and a large-scale Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. But the best thing is the music, much of the background music is melodic and moving, especially the song of the spiritual girl who is really beautiful and disturbing and works very well with the images it covers. If the whole film were as poetic as this (and tries), then this would be a very beautiful and poetic film that unfortunately would not reach a large audience yet, but instead it is not a pity that it does not reach a wider audience because most it has a medium and economic aspect and does not stand up to modern animation standards. Overall a film that has clearly divided my opinion in many ways, but all together are not great, but it's worth watching for the music and the song and the occasional, cute or scary moment. Oh yes and the cat seemed to live for a long time, I don't know how it was possible.
