Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in "Down To Earth". As directed by the brothers Chris & Paul Weitz of the fame of "American Pie", this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty's 1978 fantasy "Heaven Can Wait", in turn a 1941 rehash "Here Comes Mr. Jordan", lacks the profane humor that won Chris Rock an Emmy for his first HBO special. Predictably, he spits out swear words from A to Z, but consciously avoids the word F. Anyone who has seen this brilliant African-American comic in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows that it can elicit more laughter with the word F than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together. Unfortunately, despite some jokes, "Down To Earth" hits Rock bottom both as an artificial comedy and as an unlikely interracial love story. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" completely destroys all goodwill that the Weitz Brothers generated with their coarse face "American Pie". This disposable disc takes the form of an artificial and confusing comedy with a completely unlikely interracial love story. Unfortunately, a more than competent cast among them "Full Full" of The Full Monty, Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This", "SCTV" by Eugene Levy, and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. ?? they are wasted in flat-footed, sketchy roles. Hardcore Rock fans will no doubt accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. Abysmally written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth" launches Chris as a messenger who rides a bicycle in the Big Apple by day and is booed from the stage at Harlem's famous Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a serious stage fright. Nevertheless, his charitable manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") follows him with his thickness. After Lance learns that the Apollo Theater will hold a last extra amateur evening, he begs Whitney to line him up. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a deadly comedian, why does the Apollo continue to invite him to come back? Meanwhile, fate has something else in store for Lance. As we ride home on his bike, our protagonist sees a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), who crosses the street, but does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates to the sky with a halo wrapped around his head. In Heaven, which resembles a cruise club, Lance discovers that an overzealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), has planned his death 40 years ahead of schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly honcho Mr King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), God's right hand, apologizes and accompanies Lance to the ground. The hitch is that Lance cannot claim his body, so he must live in another body. The best Mr. Keyes can invent is the white magnate, sixty-year-old magnate Charles Wellington. Wellington's adulterous wife, Amber ("American Pie's" Jennifer Coolidge) and her unscrupulous personal assistant Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") have just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body wears off, Lance accepts it conditionally as a mortgage until Keyes manages to locate a more appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nurse activist who protests against her decision to privatize a hospital in the Brooklyn community that serves the poor. While Regina King brings an excess of charisma to her role as a crusader health worker, she plays a character that bypasses credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance not only tries to conquer Sontee, but also wins a concert at the Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" presents Rock in its most cheeky role. The reason for the comedian to make this film seems questionable. He reportedly had lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script that scriptwriter Elaine May had written for Beatty. Initially, Beatty himself tried the trick for reversing the race in his version trying to throw Muhammad Ali into the lead role of "Heaven Can Wait". The deal failed and Beatty directed the film itself. According to Rock, his longtime co-writers and he thought they could "destroy" this classic. Furthermore, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" based on his "Do something you can do only when you are hot" philosophy. Previously, Rock rejected a script on a bus loaded with itinerant rappers, because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image into such a release. Like a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock doesn't so much stretch his image as he reverses it for the worst! This half-baked concert film with a boring storyline does as much to cremate its comic reputation as the Weitz Brothers! You know a movie about a comedian is in trouble when a scene is played at the nightclub, so you can't hear the jokes, just the laughter. Similarly, the casting of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler who speaks the Queen's English, but is actually a Michigan commoner, also challenges logic. Addy is a true Englishman, and must not pretend an accent; his accent is genuine. The main main dilemma with "Down to Earth" is the commando-on-off-again-look-a-like that the characters make sure that Chris Rock doesn't completely disappear from the view for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the film as a white Wellington boy, audiences mostly see him as Lance, escaping the comic irony of watching his alter ego, white and bald, white Caucasian, exhibit ghetto humor and sing derogatory hip lyrics hop. Incredibly, Rock served double duty as the film's executive producer and one of his four scribes. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent can extract a cumbersome, tangled mixture of a comedy. The only saving feature of "Down to Earth" is the superb orchestral soundtrack by Jamshied Sharifi.
