I think "The Best of Times" was a lost cause from the beginning. The initial premise (the guy abandons the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team, he never manages to overcome it and then tries to bring the two teams together to play again) is one of the stupidest I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton continued to write much better sports films, I wonder if there was anything else. I hope this film wasn't lit green with Shelton presenting the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So we have the premise. Going from there, one might think, or hope, that there could be some twists and turns along the way to keep things lively. Not much luck. This script follows every predictable cliché you can think of. There is not a moment in this film that you will not see arriving a mile away before the film reveals it and the ending .... well, if you can't understand the ending by the end of the first reel then you have a shelter Pay attention or watch other sports movies in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell act (and bore) in contacts. Williams is the poor schmo who lost the big pass and Russell is the quarterback who launched the fatal pass. Damn, do you think Russell would fit again to see if he and Williams are right about a wrong the city never forgot? This is a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that you can just shake your head wondering what it might have been. Sure, there are a few laughs and, to be honest, there's a really fun scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and wives invite them to dinner to work things out. Neither of them realizes that he was invited for Monday and, yes, Monday Night Football is on. Bearing in mind that the two teams that play have a combined victory, the men (especially Williams) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going. The scene dissolves into some hilarious cues as Williams goes to check the score using a bathroom visit as a ploy. When he returns, he coughs with Russell's score. Later, while Russell is starting to make moves on his wife Williams, he pushes the television in their view from another room. <br /> <br /> It's an inspired and fun scene in a mostly uninspired and stupid movie.
