The blank check is one of those children's movies that could have been a great suspense thriller for kids, but instead it's a tired lame single house that's not worth a penny. Quigley is a criminal who has just escaped from prison and gets his millions of dollars hidden from a big client and then we meet Preston, a frustrated kid whose room is occupied by his brothers to start a business and obviously dad treats his brothers because they make money the same day he goes to a child's birthday party and since his father is a cheapo he goes around with the kids while the other kids go on a roller coaster, then he gets a birthday card and a check for 11 dollars, how cheap is this family? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley where his parents meet the fans? discovers that he needs 200 to open an account in the meantime quigley gives his million to his banker friend and discovers that the accounts are marked in order to send a footman called juice to get those unmarked when Preston leaves his bike is hit from quigley he is about to write a check when he sees the cops and shoots at home his parents scold him for his busted bike and gets him entrenched what? their child is almost finished and are they worried about a bicycle? So Preston forges a check for a million dollars via his computer and returns only to be escorted to the banker thinking that it is a juice that gives Preston the money but the real juice has arrived and he realized he was deceived by a child! So, Preston buys a villa under the Macintosh name that takes a limousine driver who says funny jokes and goes on an epic shopping race, then sees Shea and talks about opening his kid account that you have uploaded and you're talking about account opening? We soon realized that Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking down Quigley and the other two accomplices, then he told his poor dad that he has a job for Mr Macintosh and spends the day playing go karting at playing video games and hanging out with his limousine mate then go out for a date with Shea in an extravagant restaurant, what does a 10-year-old child do and cook an FBI agent? Then he takes her to a street geyser and plays in the water, messing up Shea's $ 300 dress, but he takes it easy if this is a bit realistic and slaps him for messing up his expensive quigley suit and the others still crazy they question a boy and quickly spill the beans and Preston is chased by Quigley in a scene taken from the original script and after he is hosting Mr Macintosh's birthday which is really his birthday when he discovers he can't pay for the party where the chair and dad talk to MacIntosh who doesn't know it's his son he talks to and that Preston should be a real kid and has all his childhood in front of him and wants Preston to go home early what? an hour ago you were baking him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and sits down alone to think when Quigley and the others break into the house to make Preston pay and so he then faces an ending that tears the house apart quigley whirls himself around while Preston spins the juice kart is hit in the groin and other fistfights arise until the trio get Preston and when it seems that all hopes lose Shea and a group of SWAT come to save the day and so quigley and his crew are sent to prison but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? is there and she kisses him on the lips what? what? what? An adult woman kissed a child in the lips. come on, is she mentally invalid? Do I mean an FBI agent who knows that the laws of the country would risk his career to kiss a child? she could be arrested on the spot! and the most disturbing part of all is that it is not goodbye and you will see it in 6 or 7 years! oh dear and so come home to his family to celebrate his birthday, so the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought? What do they smoke? The bottom line is that it is a waste of time the moral is affected is flat as a tortilla the child is annoying the villains are lame the comic relief is not funny the brothers are unlikely the daddy is even worse the romantic subplot is disturbing of the plot superficial and the only thing that saves is the cinematography of Bill Pope who has continued to shoot the Matrix trilogy and two of the Spider-Man films, so people do not waste your money and go to look at home alone instead. <br /> <br /> This was a review by Samuel Franco.
