Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival, we saw Amos Kollek's "Sue" in the Panorama program, with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the main part. It's a film about loneliness and sex, and how the other thing is compensated by the other. In the same section of the Festival we now have to complain about the superfluous antithesis of Sue, "Extension du domaine de la lutte", which now tries to convince us that solitude and the absence of sex are one and the same problem. But unfortunately we cannot sympathize with "our hero" (as he is called by the narrator), because he is uselessly and incomprehensibly tired of the company and of himself. It's my fault, I'm sorry. I can't understand it. Not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit it, which is not his self-consciousness destroyed or the passivity of his personality, what brought him so far, but the rotten society and its image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper insights into gender relations, but we will not follow it until now ... And the point is that there is rather some sign of reflection on his part for destiny, without sex. Who has not noticed it yet, is a rather depressing film ... <br /> <br /> At the beginning, there were some initiations to be more precise in outlining the situation. At the bed shop, the "hero" talks about the impediments that buy a new bed. Maybe it's too big to climb the stairs, you have to stay home for half a day ... This is a satire on a character, who can't take life and the heart in his hand, DO something ... The movie doesn't do this path, but handles its characters with impotence. No one believes that "our hero" is able to instigate Tisserand for a murder. Too boring, too kind, too passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex, he has an inhibition, but obviously he could not be a murderer of women!). Finally: there are women and the world, it is not a device of a modern sexualized society. Help you as you can, but do not follow the messages and the "wisdom" of this film, which announces the bankruptcy of human relations, without grasping the real inner conflicts.
