There have been many movies with Bigfoot, most of which are not good, but most at least have a spell for them. Sasquatch Hunters doesn't even have what he's doing. Sasquatch Hunters talks about a group of paleontologists, primatologists and forest guards who venture into a remote area of ​​a northwest Pacific forest. The bones belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region and since monkeys are not natural in North America to begin with, this leads to a scientific expedition. Sure enough, they soon discover an entire burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these huge monkey-like creatures. I think we all know what happens to people who disturb ancient burials in movies. <br /> <br /> The first half of the film is made up of uninteresting and interchangeable characters who assemble their tools, walk in the woods, stop to rest, walking through the woods a little longer, taking a long enough pause to investigate and discuss some artifacts along the way, even more hikes through the woods, looking for a member of the group that has vanished, even more hikes through the woods, digging through the dirt, randomly theorising and gathering around a bonfire to discuss of what little they did that day. When Sasquatch finally shows up, he turns into people who stumble into darkness as they are taken one at a time (made in the blink of an eye and you've missed the fashion and murder occurs outside the camera). This is terribly boring. <br /> <br /> The film wants to be taken seriously and the director is clearly trying to create suspense, but there is nothing to find, so we are left with boring scenes and pull out people wandering through the woods only to go somewhere and wander through the woods at night trying to act scared. I'd be lying if I said I didn't make liberal use of the fast forward button to accelerate these scenes. <br /> <br /> As for Sasquatch himself, just like every other character in the film, he doesn't have much to do and lacks a distinct personality. It looks like a more robust version of King Kong, which is not so bad except in the scenes where they used CGI instead of a man in a Bigfoot costume, which was painfully obvious during the daytime monster scenes. A part of me can't help but think that even using the effects of the computer to give life to Bigfoot is a bit sacrilegious. If there's a single movie monster that I think should only be brought to life through the situation, it's Bigfoot. <br /> <br /> This is one of those films that doesn't have a plot as much as a premise. This is all that is really, a premise, that the people involved have stretched to make a feature film without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a film worthy of note.
