Believe me, I wanted "Spirit". The idiotic comments that people made at the time of its release on how curious it is to see old-fashioned animation again, as if the last pencil cartoon had been released twenty years ago, and even more idiotic comments on the the way computers had made the old techniques obsolete, I had swollen the blood ... but then, the insulting and tasteless banality that I had to endure in the first ten minutes of "Spirit" made my blood rise even more . <br /> <br /> The character designs are generic, the animation (partly as a result) simply competent, the art direction as a whole so terribly boring and boring that you wonder how it could have happened (we know, from "The Prince of Egypt" and "The Road to El-Dorado", that there are talented artists in Dreamworks), and the sophisticated use of CGI is in any case misjudged. (Why do they worry?) There is not a single thing worth looking at. In a cartoon, this is fatal. <br /> <br /> But it gets worse ... <br /> <br /> Horses can't talk, but they are much more anthropomorphized and unconvincing than the deer in "Bambi", which can. And it seems that, in a sense, horses can talk. The same Spirit delivers the prologue (playing all over the world as a 21st century actor chosen by a shopping center in California), and from that moment his relaxed and decidedly non-a-peer narrative is almost absent from the soundtrack, even if it has never been one time it tells us something that we did not already know, or expresses a feeling that the work of art, however poor, has not been able to express twice. The prologue, by the way: (a) contains information that the Spirit, later on we will discover, knew the way to know; (b) expresses ideas to which the Spirit would lack the power to express even if he could speak; (c) includes new age garbage like, "This story may not be true, but that's what I remember"; and (d) will give countless children (production is launched, I assume, at age six) the impression that horses are native to North America, which is somewhat true, as a common ancestor of domestic horses, zebras etc. He was a native of North America - but all the species of horses on the continent had become extinct long before the first humans arrived, and the mustangs of the Spirit herd (which presumably "belong here like buffalo grass") descended from the horses introduced by the Europeans. <br /> <br /> So the prologue rather annoyed me. <br /> <br /> Every time Spirit speaks, Bryan Adams sings, playing as usual as if he had a bad throat infection - and that's not how he sings or even AS sings, it's WHAT he sings: maudlin narrative ballads that contribute still less, if possible, of the spoken narrative of the Spirit, and that they sound as if they all had exactly the same melody (even though I was paying a lot of attention, and was able to discern that they probably didn't). If only Bryan Adams and the boy-pretending to be a horse could have SHUT UP for a minute or two, the film could get its true shape: mediocre and derivative, rather than leaving them speechless.
