For anyone who loves predictable movies with a terrible soundtrack, lack of dialogues, clichés about wazoos and even the typical stereotypes of an American film, look no further. DreamWorks wanted to save on acquiring vocal talent or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; in both cases, they managed to make a rather bland and boring film. Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a festive bore that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and fails to entertain despite the oh-so-cutesy theme of the animals that triumph over humans. After looking over the wonderful animations, what you have is nothing but a big mess. <br /> <br /> Spirit speaks of a stallion that from the beginning of the film looks like a handful, since it is a horse that cannot be tamed, calmed or controlled. For this reason, he stands up and becomes the leader of his group of horses with a lively spirit, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and race stops abruptly as he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country. During this, Spirit (he has never called it practically in the whole film) makes friends with a brave Native American and another female horse, and also has many clashes with the cynical and cruel Army people who apparently don't believe give up. <br /> <br /> Why do films have to mix computer animation with traditional animation? It looks rather intertwined, even something from Spirited Away has suffered. The best example is when a train chases the Spirit; see the hand-drawn Spirit that runs from a computer-animated train. It would seem much better if it was one or the other, but not both; unless you can really give good effects. Beauty and The Beast's famous dance sequence uses computer animation, but it's nowhere near as obvious as the train or snow in this film. The opening sequence was the most beautiful part of the film, a little sad to see the rest of the film slide down a bit in terms of quality. A small scene has multiple; I mean more similar shots of a general's face, rather repetitive and annoying in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children could enjoy this film, but with the lack of dialogue, song and motivation, it could be a perfect technique in putting hyper children to sleep. While Disney is criticized for its animated musicals, they end up becoming much more fun than a more realistic approach to tell a story like this. Bryan Adams has no place in this film, and why does Hans Zimmer never use a western theme in this film when it comes to a story set in the old West? The soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me. At least they're using realistic horse noises, two points for that. And yet, if you intend to abstain from making horses talk, why even a narrator breaks up every now and then, which is the main character in itself? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are nice, and Western people are evil, native-killing, torturing horses, turbulent, psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit is showing us. It reaches a point where they are trying so hard for viewers to hate wild west travelers; they also had a scene of several horses pulling a huge train up a hill, and another scene of them destroyed an entire native village. Now, the person with whom the spirit became a friend betrayed him, on more than one occasion, and yet this is forgivable, apparently because he is not a soldier; that or because he has the cheeky female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not exactly a victim we should be sorry about; the viewer should sympathize with the Spirit, despite putting his entire group of horses at risk, wreaking havoc, and possibly causing some dead-on-the-wall deaths that are quickly put aside because oh no, the Spirit is in trouble! This film becomes rather rhythmic, as we see in several instances that the Spirit escapes from the chains, kicking people, destroying property, freeing horses and then catching them again, all in this same order. The writers also seem to have an obsession with the cliffs because they are scattered throughout the film; for a film from the Old West, they certainly have little room to roam. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact it is a bad thing, even if it was what you were aiming for. So instead of the typical musical, we get a boring movie that becomes predictable, boring and slow in multiple instances. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when computer work is thrown in. Everything about this film was simply wrong; from the ideals that then Americans who were not natives were evil buffoons, to the soundtrack and to the soundtrack that seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has practically nothing to do with the old West, has more than a western touch to this film. Do yourself a favor and skip it completely with all the necessary means. Thank you.
