It's great to see the likes of Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer make a monumental piece of movie trash. It's nice to see people so rich and "successful" wasting their time in one of the most forgettable, mundane and pathetic films of all time. This film represents the worst in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? It is based on a true story. Well, they start with some bites and basic facts that they read in the United States today. But then the film leaves for a fantasy world and a "Cuban" refugee who will do it in the American drug subculture; a bit like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a film about Cuba or Cubans? For the life of me I don't think there is a single Cuban in this film. Accents are completely false and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a manifesto for American Midwestern values. The whole scene looks like something out of the Dick Van Dyke show. Does this film talk about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed to Florida. After all, a palm is a palm. It's a romance novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there is not a shred of possibility that these two characters can ever take care of each other. Is it a drug movie? Well, no problem of obsession or addiction is even mentioned. The behavior of the actors after a coke line is nothing different than if they had had a drink of water. Of course, acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like the music of the Latin elevator or something of a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The camera work is poor with too many movements and a lot more cranes than it could ever be effective. Clearly, the photographic budget was excessive. The sound is bleached in several places and the dialogue seems to be performed in a warehouse. Writing is scary. This is one of those movies where the script was written by itself. You are dragged from one trivial piece of dialogue to another, each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks. <br /> <br /> So I ask you, is this a movie too? It could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours. But at least one dramatic series has some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of bad acting scenes recorded together. Whatever it is, film or not, it's a piece of shit.
