THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I have rarely seen a film that is as incredible as this. And being French, do you try to be deep enigmatic ?? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and has just announced to his family that he is HIV positive at breakfast. The younger brother, Marcel, has not yet come down to breakfast, and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 he is too young to be told. Maybe if he had four or five, but twelve? The first thing absolutely incredible is that the family doesn't even ask where or how it got the virus, how long have you known it? nothing is asked They are only concerned with discovering Marcel. This is a very close provincial family, but even if they decide not to let Marcel know about Léo's HIV status, nor the fact of being gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news without any questions or reactions. How many families do you know where parents / siblings would not have had at least ANY reaction to one of the members who announces they are gay? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Léo decides he has to go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he decides to leave for the trip with, among all, Marcel. Do you know someone who would bring his little brother to see a lover? Once again, absolutely incredible, especially because Marcel shouldn't know any of his medical problems or his homosexuality. If this is the way the family decided to let him find out, it's pretty brutal and unbelievable again. <br /> <br /> Léo goes to visit his lover, Aymeric, at his work in a bar in Paris. The owner says Aymeric won't be there until the early evening. But why did Léo want to see him at work? Why not call and get organized to see it in some more private place where they can really talk? Why not go and see him at his house? But no, Léo shows up later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric doesn't drop everything to go and walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that it was Léo who left him, and that Léo did not answer any of his letters. Léo says "But I love you" and then he leaves. But if he had really loved Aymeric, wouldn't he have told him at least of his HIV status, warned him to be tested and maybe get treatment? This would be the least you could do ?? but not a peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he may have contracted the AIDS virus. Is this totally irresponsible of you ?? and filmmakers; this film was apparently made for a French TV series for young people ?? it is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here? I imagine that "Every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the film that was absolutely incredible was the "touchy" aspect. Everyone always leans on someone, caressing someone or kissing someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I've never seen anyone in France be THIS physical, no matter a whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg perched on his older brother's lap, and his older brother strokes his leg while everyone sits down to talk about something. How many brothers do you know who are physically close? In another scene, the same seventeen year old enters Marcel's room asking "What is the problem, can't you sleep?", Then he takes off his clothes and, completely naked, he sleeps with his brother and cuddles him as if they were lovers This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave the film a slightly incestuous touch. Sorry, I still don't think this is normal behavior among teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are all pretty good ?? especially Marcel in the lead role. But wasn't it really enough ?? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Léo, but once again, Marcel was left out of this ?? he was left in the care of a cousin (I think). Nevertheless, he sneaks out and watches the funerals from afar. Is this what a family so united would have done? It is completely inconceivable that they would not have included him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene in the film, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
