The recent boom of appointments with US television screens has reached a fever pitch since the first episode of "The Bachelor". Since then, the unsuspecting public has been subjected to countless clones and variations, including "The bachelorette party", "Joe Millionaire", "For love or money" and the execrable "Sposato per l'America". Hoping to cash in on this trend while simultaneously exploiting and exploiting a new demography, Bravo has unleashed the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" in the world. And may they have mercy on us all. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and designed to be carefree: a gay homosexual is being courted by a number of suitors, eliminated for shows until one is left, but there is a turning point. Half of men are actually upright. This is not a big problem, but the intrinsic wickedness of the scenario comes into play after listening to the pay-off: if, at the end of the show, the gay man chooses a straight man in disguise, the straight man wins a prize money . The homosexual does not receive anything, or at least nothing more than some goodbye gifts, a pat on the back, and a big round of "Aren't you embarrassed? Well, thanks for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the equally painful "Queer Eye for the straight guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of unbridled stereotypes. What makes it even worse, however, is the fact that heterosexual men are playing these stereotypes for money. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man's hair, dress in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, strip him of all body hair and grease and voila! It's the gay equivalent of putting a white actor in the black face, and just as offensive to those of us - like me - who are genuinely gay and don't dress / act that way. It implies that gays have no variance or possibility for individuality, that they cannot behave like real people, only as stereotypes. The fact that the suitors' bank is seriously lacking in any kind of diversity does not matter. All are tonics in the gym, most are white, and they all seem too clean and clean. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of favoring the acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals capable of variance and change, Hollywood has again taken a stereotype and brought it up to the bank. I feel sincerely watching this show, as shown by homosexuals who see this blatant soft-core porn parade disguised as legitimate television. 1 in 10.
