I saw full house when I was younger and I can't understand why I did it. I don't remember really enjoying the show. I think that most Americans and I watched this were mesmerized by his wickedness. It will put you in a state of trance and you won't go back. I'm still marked, but I try to move on. I know it's a family show, but that doesn't mean it should be SO bad. The show is SO cliché with every episode ending with a "talk" from the dad to make everyone's problems disappear. The characters on the show are all disgusting. There is one thing that knows everything, obsessive cleansing, the insipid father who wants to punch in the face every time he comes to the screen. So we have an alleged uncle "rocker" who is there just to look nice for moms who have to watch this shit. We have another uncle who is completely unpleasant who makes Bullwinkle's limping impressions (I need to say more about him). There is the eldest daughter who cannot act and always complains about something. So an average daughter who always says: "HOW MUCH RUBY!" pretty much everything someone says. Finally, there is the younger daughter Michelle. Don't let me start with Michelle, but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I imagine you associate it with the antichrist. He always asks things, tries too hard to be "pretty", constantly says "DUH!" and rolling your eyes that makes you want to hit her. I'm not a big fan of using many physical abuses as punishment for children. But in your case, I would like to accept. He needed it every day. He is the most selfish character ever introduced to mainstream television. An example of this is when his uncle rocker is busy doing his job in the attic. The brat decides to constantly bother him and ask for attention. He screams at her and she gets angry. POOR CHILD! The rest of the episode satisfies her emotional needs and eventually the uncle apologizes to her. Ugghh! The show will lower your IQ and slowly destroy your will to live. I'm surprised that you don't hear the news of the full house in the background when the police find people who have committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and don't watch the reruns of the show. You'll thank me later.
