Being a Buster Keaton fan is having your heart broken regularly. Many of us meet Keaton for the first time in one of the brilliant feature films of his great independent production period: "The General", "The Navigator", "Sherlock Jnr". We recognize it as the greatest figure in the entire history of cinema comedy, and we want to see more of his films. Here the heartbreak begins. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr", Keaton's brother-in-law, Joseph Schenck, urged him to sign a contract that put Keaton under the control of MGM. Keaton has become just another rental actor, running scripts from someone else. Then his alcoholism worsened. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr", Keaton never again made a truly top-quality film. A couple of sources describe a supposed masterpiece comedy that Keaton claimed to have done almost * at MGM: a parody of "Grand Hotel". Biographer Tom Dardis offered convincing evidence that Keaton invented this story. <br /> <br /> The heartbreak increases because, among the many years of Keaton's steady decline, he has occasionally produced a good film ... such as his short comedy 'Grand Slam Opera'. I keep looking for the lost footage of Keaton's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in 'It's a Mad Mad World': a sequence in which the exasperated policewoman Tracy phones an old retired crook (Keaton) and tries to recruit her assistance in to steal Smiler Grogan's money. That movie is almost certainly gone forever, but I keep looking. <br /> <br /> 'Speak Easily', alas, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of its decline. MGM was trying to build Jimmy Durante (who, coincidentally, played Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comic star. Unfortunately, MGM tried to build Durante, uniting it with Keaton, whose comedy style was simply incompatible with Durante. (I'm a fan of both.) During his career, Durante was a ruthless thief of scenes: commendably, he knew it had been built at Keaton's expense, and Keaton was the only co-star that Durante had never attempted to get on stage. <br /> <br /> Keaton has often been chosen as a victim of extremely cruel machinations. In 'Speak Easily', he plays a university professor of Midwestern didactic and humorless called Post (because he is wooden like one) who receives a letter informing him that he has inherited $ 750,000, that he must travel to New York to complain. Do you make a phone call to check it? Do you also check the postmark? No; takes the savings of his life out of the bank and rushes to New York. As soon as he is gone, Post's servant confesses that he wrote the letter (false) to push Professor Post out of his groove! <br /> <br /> Post, who thinks he is a 3/4-billionaire, crosses paths with Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who is trying to produce a music magazine but has no money. The characters that these two brilliant comedians are playing on the screen simply can't make an interlude. Keaton plays one of those egg heads (like Mister Logic in 'Viz') that intellectualizes everything. During he plays one of those annoying hepats who are unable to make direct statements because the script requires him to always speak in jargon. There is a scene of painfully weak dialogue in which Durante is trying to talk to Keaton about money, but - instead of coming out of it - During he must use slang terms that are increasingly invented as "kale", "cartwheels" and so on ... while Keaton, of course, has no idea what on earth During. I will give credit to Keaton: his dry and dusty prairie voice, his flat Kansas accent, is absolutely perfect for the character he plays here. Sidney Toler, he looks much thinner and more handsome here than he would be. Just a year later, he's as impressive as the excitable director of bankrolled magazine (in tick) by Professor Post. Henry Armetta, which I never found funny, is even less fun than usual here, offering a running gag with a stupid payoff. Thelma Todd impressed me here, in a more evil version of the role he played in "Horse Feathers" (a much more fun movie). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite actors, is wasted. <br /> <br /> Part of the problem with "Speak Easily" is that the supporting characters behave in completely inappropriate ways. Keaton's lawyer presents himself at the theater of Durante with an urgent message for Keaton ... but he is not there, so the lawyer proceeds to divulge Keaton's personal affairs to the first foreigner he meets. (Fire that lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the guy who is perceived as a bankrolling of this musical - makes mistakes in the choir girls' locker room, and all the chorus girls immediately scream and yell cover. I know for sure that * modern choir girls * would never react this way, and I seriously doubt that the choir girls in 1932 behaved this way ... certainly not in response to the "angel" who controls the attempts of the their show. > <br /> SPOILERS COMING. About half an hour from the unfortunate 'Speak Easily', the great Jimmy Durante sits at the piano, grins at the camera, and makes that little distinctive shake of his head as he starts playing a melody. This is the moment when I thought that, finally, this film would finally reach its goal of entertaining us. Alas, no. The most annoying of all is the end of this film, which uses the single most banal and implausible cliché in the whole comedy: the one in which a completely incompetent idiot becomes a star comedian through his own ineptitude. (Keaton would have been forced to repeat this cliché in a 1955 episode of "Screen Director Playhouse", Chaplin had already used it in "The Circus".) I almost cried - with anger and sadness - at the opportunities wasted in 'Speak Easily' . Especially out of respect for the work done by Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd elsewhere, I will evaluate this film 2 points out of 10. <br /> <br />
