For most viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So, because of that, they probably won't feel as sad when they watch this movie as I did. I happen to be a silent movie maniac - having seen virtually all of Keaton's films still in existence. My being a big fan made this film very painful from the beginning to the end. This is because during his silent days, Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian. He was incredible in his physicality and his films were almost never boring. However, in a move for which film historians are still baffled, at the end of the era of silence, Keaton abandoned his independence and became a serial MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton only as an actor - and for him they wrote scripts that had no respect for what made him great. At first, these films with MGM weren't so bad (like THE CAMERAMAN) but with talkies, the studio really upset him, putting him in several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive. Keaton, on the other hand, was calm and based on action. Two other dissimilar and incompatible actors would have been difficult to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton has made some really terrible films. <br /> <br /> Now, this does not mean that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible film. No, instead it's just more of a passerby and an incredibly little fun. In fact, if you go into the movie assuming it's a comedy, it will probably make the movie more difficult to enjoy. Instead, it's a bit like a drama with some comic elements. NOT a movie that will produce belly laughs - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a strange setting. Keaton is chosen as a university professor for life. He knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant convinces him to believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative - hoping that this will push Keaton out and enjoy life. This is incredibly invented but somehow manages to work. Not very well, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and leaves for a trip to New York to have fun. Along the way, he meets an incredibly talented theatrical troop. Because he knows nothing of the world, he doesn't seem to realize that they stink. And, because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, shortly before the show, his friends discover that Keaton is NOT rich. So, they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from the process servers that want to close the show. They assume that if the show is a success, then they can pay the debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What should they do? And will Keaton get the good girl, be tied up by a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or will she be broken and alone? If you're interested, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has some stunts in the film, although there are some dandy at the end. Instead, Keaton simply walks through the part in a very subdued way. There is very little to love about this film or hatred. It's just blah .... when it SHOULD have been much nicer.
