I saw this movie over the weekend and while I was impressed as always by the beauty and smoothness of the films produced by the Church, I was disappointed that this became so short, without informing members and leaving investigators with many unanswered questions. . > <br /> The film consists of 70 minutes of cartoons from the life of Joseph Smith. It is not a true biographical film because there is no true coherent narrative. Most of the episodes are about Joseph doing good deeds, playing baseball, running races and laughing with children, often moving sloooow. What a good man, like people, that Joseph was, eh? Watch it out there beating the carpets for his wife Emma. Well, how do the carpets of his 33 plural wives ?? No mention is made of polygamy. An obvious omission. <br /> <br /> And it is in such omissions that the film falters. Gives too much information and leaves critical public members wondering WHY Joseph is covered and dusty, BECAUSE he is thrown into prison and WHY does this mob want to kill him? The climax of the film is obviously the journey of Joseph and Hyrum to the Carthage prison (passing in front of a real UN of faces looking out of the gates of Nauvoo). But no mention has ever been made of WHY. Nothing about Smith who suppresses the newspaper Nauvoo Expositor and orders that his press be destroyed to reveal the secret teaching of polygamy. The public is left to wonder or presume that it is only a more groundless persecution than the Church. No mention of Joseph accused of treason for declaring martial law and calling the Nauvoo militia. Of course I didn't expect that this Church-produced film would present the recent biography of Joseph of Richard Bushman Rough Stone Rolling, but I was surprised and amazed at how little material was actually presented. <br /> <br /> And worse, what substance was presented was often inaccurate. Two examples jumped on me. First, the translation of the Book of Mormon. The film shows Joseph reading the golden plates in their two-ring binder, which were actually hidden away from the site. Joseph is known to have made his translation by burying his face in his hat, peering at the seer stone in there. The second inaccuracy occurs in the Carthage prison, where the crowd rages the cell. The History of the Church reports that Joseph had a shooter in six and even shot a few rounds before jumping out of the window and giving the Masonic signal of anguish (as reported in Times & Seasons). <br /> <br /> Perhaps showing the reality of the gunfight would have destroyed the harrowing mood the directors had created, but by omitting it they were unfaithful to history and failed to show Joseph as he really was: at hand with a gun and able to defend itself. In fact, the impression the film gives is that Joseph was a good boy, but also something of a thousandth that everyone beat, threw in prison and finally murdered in cold blood. He was far from that; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who endured many difficulties and struggled to accomplish what he believed. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie, but know that it was cotton candy. Then get meat and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman's Bush, Rough Stone Rolling biography <br /> <br /> PS: Church-produced films have no credits, but experienced eyes can choose a couple of familiar faces. Rick Macy is excellent as Joseph Smith, Sr. and Bruce Newbold, loved as Thomas in Finding Faith in Christ, here he plays the irritable Methodist minister who did not show Christian love to a young researcher after the truth.
