This came out during the last jolt of the Western genre; unfortunately, a very minor and totally unsatisfactory effort emerges - even if carried out by and with field veterans! To begin with, the plot offers nothing remotely new: James Coburn escapes from a group in the chain, intent on killing the man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter sets a trap for him, Coburn outsmartes Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the former lawman - accompanied by Greenland's boyfriend Hershey (Chris Mitchum) - part in pursuit of Coburn and his followers, who all broke the prison with him. <br /> <br /> Rather than managing the process in its usual sub-Fordian style, McLaglen chooses a Sam Peckinpah approach - with which he is never completely at ease: repellent characters, a lot of violence and the sexual tension generated by the presence of Hershey in the lustful group of Coburn. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn had already appeared together in a Sam Peckinpah western - the troubled MAJOR DUNDEE (1965, I really need to take the restored edition of this on DVD, although I recently recorded the theatrical version in pan and-scan formatting of TCM UK). However, the film is too general to express the elegiac mood to which it clearly aims (also suggested by the title): then again, both stars had already given a valid value to this genre of American genres - WILL PENNY (1968 ) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT and BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least, however, Heston maintains a minimum of dignity here - his aging character trying to stay ahead of the half-breed Coburn anticipating what his next move will be; the latter, however, plays an extraordinarily brutal role and truly reaches its climax at its peak (savoring his moment of revenge by sadistically forcing Heston to testify against Hershey's rape of his associates). In addition to the latter, this long sequence sees Heston trying to deceive Coburn with a trick borrowed from his EL CID (1961), the evil band is then trapped inside a forest fire ignited by practitioner Heston and violent death of the two 'obsolete' protagonists (as was his fashion, the disappearance of Heston takes the form of a free sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Michael Parks as the ineffective city sheriff, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant and Larry Wilcox - the TV series CHiP! - as the youngest member of the Coburn gang who is in charge of overseeing Hershey (doing his best to keep his drooling comrades away!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes a tasty but at the same time insignificant score.
