First of all, my sincere pity for anyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing a film in the same style as the fantastic Gregory's Girl and Local Hero, but ended up leaving the theater disappointed and vaguely deceived. Although it is true that the sequels are usually, except for some notable exceptions, a mistake and exist only to provide studio executives with the opportunity to cash in on the success of a previous film by offering us either a subtly disguised masterpiece of the original story or a plot so far from the intentions of the original that the resulting film makes no sense. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of being able to commit both sins - on the one hand by revisiting the plot of Gregory's Girl, while at the same time serving a frankly incredible and overwhelming story involving Scottish arms dealers. The pupil Gregory is now a teacher in the same school where, at the tender age of sixteen, he nurtured a hopeless passion for football by interpreting Dorothy. Although he is now thirty-five years old, Gregory still has a hopeless passion, but now for the soccer he plays Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that music teacher Bel has made it clear that she is attracted to him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her lead to his involvement in a scheme to expose a local arms dealer who is also an old school friend. It makes no sense to go further because the rest of the story is forgettable and the ending makes absolutely no sense. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory himself, as there is no sign of the seductive and seductive sixteen-year-old Gregory who actively and comically pursues Dorothy convinced that he would eventually win her over. At thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless creature whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside of work, his time is devoted to watching Noam Chomsky's videos and reading magazines on international injustices. As his friends and family from the previous film have apparently vanished, save for two useless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer offers advice or seems interested in his life, we remain confused about what Gregory really wants, who he is and because it is as it is. Why, for example, is it without friends? Why does he never see his father, who is clearly still alive? Why did you return to teach in the school you once attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why is he attracted to Frances? Why isn't he attracted to Bel until the last twenty minutes of the movie? What in heaven do Bel or Frances see in him because he is neither dead nor beautiful nor interesting? Why does he keep trying to impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an object and when their association threatens to completely destroy his life? Do we really have to believe that a Scottish arms dealer who openly sells torture weapons to oppressive regimes might be able to evade media scrutiny, but fall for a couple of school children? Does Gregory really think that downloading a handful of computers at sea will change something? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair attempts to resume his teenage Gregory performance up to facial expressions and embarrassing body language. Unfortunately for a 35-year-old, he looks strange and vaguely disturbing. In addition to this, it is difficult to feel sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of their uniforms wearing pupils while both are on a stack of gym mats. Rather than being fun, it simply tastes like pedophilia. It's hard to know what was happening at the head of Bill Forsyth when he wrote this script or because he thought the original film fans would embrace a story so totally devoid of the charm, intelligence and warmth that turned the first movie into a classic . I can only assume that the plan was to create a film about a man who refused to grow up and become involved in adult life and perhaps whose happiest memory was being sixteen and pursuing the most beautiful girl in school, but gradually it is forced to accept that a life lived in the past is not a life at all. At least it could have been the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and intelligent. As is Gregory's Two Girls adds 116 unnecessary and useless minutes that say nothing and mean even less. Gregory's Girl was responsible for launching Bill Forsyth's career, here he hopes Gregory's Two Girls will not be responsible for sinking it.
