In the days before the gore and sex took over, real horror movies were made. Castle of Blood is, in my opinion, one of the best, although other reviewers have given conflicting votes. Strangely, he remembers the more recent The Others, which was in theaters a couple of years ago. <br /> <br /> The director Antonio Margheriti redid his photo in 1970, titling this time the Spider's Web (AKA In the Strict Spider of the Spider). Because he did not understand, even though the remake starred in Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good in its own right. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to personalize it more for the American public. I do not really know. It is interesting that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color. <br /> <br /> Castle of Blood is an excellent Italian Gothic. It is said that The Macabre Dance is an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, which "appears" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, owner of a haunted castle, bet the American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) who can't spend the night of All Souls in that castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet, but soon regrets it, because he is witness to a series of murders committed by ghosts. It seems that ghosts come back to life once every few years, but they are doomed to recall the crimes they have committed in life. Lord Blackwood has conveniently forgotten to tell Foster that his blood is needed to make them rise again on All Souls' next night! <br /> <br /> It doesn't take much to Foster and the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (played by the incomparable Barbara Steele) to fall in love, even if their love story is doomed, because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I won't give the ending, but I'll simply say that Castle of Blood is a bit of a romantic tragedy as it's a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even for the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they do the real horror better than anyone else, and the dark-and-white black and white shots do nothing but improve them. In all honesty, Web of the Spider was fine in its own right, even with colors and greater brightness. I loved the persistent shots, something that modern filmmakers don't have the patience for. In fact, when Alan enters the doomed castle for the first time, we are treated for several minutes of him who do nothing but wander from room to room, the terror and discomfort that is built up on his face and his ways. The moment the first ghost appears, the audience is completely prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something else not often done in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of film. The murder of Elisabeth and the dance scene (somewhat reminiscent of the similar ghoul dance in the Carnival of Souls of 1962) were particularly good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few viewers of general interest will ever be able to hear, much less see, this film. It's a shame, because this is a cut above the rest. I received my copy from Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure it can be bought elsewhere. For people interested in this genre, it is a must see.
