Jochen Hick wrote and directed this small thriller of a suspense film based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a mutated virus by the government to rid the gay world and was apparently tested on inmates in the years before the outbreak of the terrible disease . If it were not for the intensity of the concept of the film, this would fall into the category of many films about the ruin of the world by an infectious non-injurious infective organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its effects on the convicts in which he was infused. He encounters a certain contempt and resistance to a dead theory, but he also meets people who know the theory and support his investigation. Simultaneously with his visit there is a series of serial murders, each victim killed in a similar way and every murder apparently accompanied by musical tensions from Puccini's opera "Turandot" which opens at the San Francisco Opera House. A police detective, Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her cop companion (Kalene Parker) follow the murders while Stefan walks around the sex clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to find men who might have been guinea pigs for his father's theory. He meets a strange boy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and an eminent Dr. Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in the cast of suspects. How this all ends is the game of the film, a story so much about the search for identity between Stefan and Jeffery, but rather about the investigation into the murders. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti behave well with their roles (they are the only three who have a previous acting experience in the film!), the quality of the film decreases considerably compared to Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker, who are less talented and less talented. screen the credibility of the story falls below zero. There are some small cameos of other actors that light up the screen for the moments in which they live, but throughout the film it is drowned by the incessant reproduction of "Nessun dorma" as sung by Mario del Monaco from a recording of the opera - and it seems be the reason to make the movie! A good idea for a film and some good characterizations of the actors, but there is no solution to the initial premise that started the whole thing. Grady Harp, 6 February
