The plot of "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutant monster" became extinct in the 1950s mainly due to the scientific fact that traveling out of Earth's orbit does not cause humans to turn into mutated monsters, and that the first film uses this plot THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent science fiction film to use the idea. So the idea of ​​having the redundant return plot seems destined to fail from the beginning. Alas, looking at the INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN, the plot seems to be the last of his problems. <br /> <br /> First of all it is an incredibly bad film. The budget is in single figures and I'm talking about lira and not dollars. There is no cinematography to talk about and there are countless editing errors. For example, a photographer takes his model (Barely legal) for a photo shoot. Cut to a click in which the sun is directly behind the model, then snap-click the photographer where the sun is directly behind him, then cut out the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> Lack of budget drives the film into other aspects too. According to the curiosity page, the budget was so low that the producers could not get any Saturn repertoire material, so when astronaut Steve West mentions how Saturn looks, we get the film of the sun. In reality the sun gives the most impressive performance in the film since human actors would not be employed in a porn studio. If I were in this aspect I would not be frightened by the homonymous monster - I would be terrified by the splinters of the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should be slightly forgiving, since the obvious lack of budget manifests itself in things like actors who have to wear their clothes. A general, for example, does not wear his beautiful uniform in a mask complete with medals - he wears a denim jacket and a baseball cap <br /> <br /> There must be a suspension of disbelief for a film like this, but it doesn't work at every level The tone is set in the movie where Melty kills a nurse and runs away from the hospital. Instead of the police who received a phone call saying that there was a murder, Dr. Nelson decides to track down the patient on his own as if he were looking for a missing cat. It is also strange that a completely decaying murderous monster can walk down the street without anyone noticing, but this is typical of a movie in which some horny seventies stop their car on dark streets for a quickie and people carelessly mentions that his wife is pregnant while forgetting to tell the police that there is a monster on the loose. <br /> <br /> THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is class Z garbage. I can certainly understand why people appreciate this film because it reaches the heights of "It's so good it's fine" but apart from the makeup effects sometimes of Rick Baker is nothing but a very guilty pleasure
