I was thinking that the main character, the astronaut with the bad race case (in his case, his skin, his hair, his muscles, etc.) could get more and more film work after being reduced to a puddle. All he has to do is find a job like Blob. The premise of this film is rather lame. An astronaut is exposed to sunspot radiation (I think), and so he starts acting like an ice cream cone on a hot day. Not only is it a puzzle, but apparently it must kill humans and consume their flesh so that they can maintain some sort of cellular integrity. Eh? Have you ever noticed that whenever there is any kind of accident or radiation experiment, the person immediately becomes a killing machine? Why? <br /> <br /> The astronaut goes away in the night from the "secret structure" (which has no security), spreading parts of himself as he moves. Apparently it only retains enough memory to make it head for the launch pad, perhaps because he wanted to return to space. <br /> <br /> Thus begins the part of the film that is much fuller, with a doctor who wanders with a Geiger counter, trying to find the man who melts for the buzz he makes. He kills a stupid fisherman resembling Bill Gates, scares a little girl like Frankenstein's monster movie, and ends up an old extravagant couple (punishing them karmically for stealing lemons). Then there is a brief scene in which he beats his former general, and a very long scene in which he kills a young crater and pursues his girlfriend. You would think that after cutting off his arm and escaping, the scene would have shifted. But no ... we are treated for about ten minutes of the woman huddled in a corner that pants and screams in terror, even if the monster is gone. All I could think of was the girlfriend of., The director, anyone? <br /> <br /> The end of the film is even darker than the rest. The man who melts ends up turning into a mass of goo, and then ... nothing. That's all. This is the end of the film. Well, at least that meant there was no room for a sequel.
