Emma is my favorite novel by Jane Austen - Emma is well-intentioned despite her flaws, so readers can forgive and love her, and the relationship she has with Mr Knightley, who is warm, familiar, respectful but playful, generating that heat, blurred, romantic excitement. Mr Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is as close as possible to an independent, intelligent and confident woman at the time - he remembers, she is only 21 years old and is sure that she has matured and grown out of her flaws. Who doesn't want to be Emma? Who doesn't want to be scolded by Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma does not give you an idea of ​​the things I love about Emma. I couldn't even finish looking at him, I found it really horrible. I could not see that warm and generous side of Emma, ​​which drives the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, which demonstrates her willingness to put her friend's happiness above her (while sacrificing the only equal companion in her family by submitting the Miss Taylors marriage). Mr Woodhouse's character in this adaptation appears bizarre, rather than bizarre, old and somewhat challenging. <br /> <br /> This adaptation, above all, fails to revive the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley is lenient towards Emma's minor errors, trusting that his intelligence and his sincere care for others will never allow her to go terribly off the road ; and Emma looks on him, even if she jokingly hides it and continues to use her own judgment. The way he dress gives her at the beginning of the show completely overestimates the subject between them, and ruins any possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as I described above. Mr. Knightley is also not attractive enough to revive sexual tension between the protagonists (or to arouse admiration for female spectators). <br /> <br /> Really horrible. I can't understand why someone who truly loves the Emma novel may like it, unless they miraculously redeem themselves after turning it off.
