With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the celestial train, this was 94 minutes of horrible beauty! The acting was atrocious, but the story is what I found really terrifying. The acting was made of wood and made up, even with the first standard of talkies (with the exception of Lee Tracy and HB Warner, neither can make a mistake). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrid and lifeless like Julie (as they were also in 1932, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, an excellent film). And the rest of the cast was worse, there being no words to describe their terribleness. <br /> <br /> Worse than the acting, however, was the story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a girl and user of women without salvific qualities. He marries Julie but does not support her, instead he is lying in bed all day or is out and about with his low life criminal friend (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he never has a kind word to say to Julie and he beats her regularly. Julie loves him anyway and constantly makes excuses for him, which seems to only make him more offensive. The worst thing is that this film presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow we should see Julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this film takes place after Liliom committed suicide (a robbery plot goes wrong and Liliom bends a knife inside himself rather than being taken by the police). While he was dying, he tells Julie "I always beat you, but I don't mind for that." When he finally dies, he finally tells him that he loves him. (No character ever said "I love you" to another while they were alive.) After his death, God's chief magistrate gives Liliom another day on earth so that he can "do something good" for his daughter not yet born. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is given a day on earth to see his current 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in his backyard and tries to convince her to let him "do something good" for her; tries to make them play cards, tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but is not interested and refuses it. So he slaps her. Him. Slaps. Her. And then it disappears back into the afterlife. Looking, we see her daughter tell Julie about this. The girl says that the slap didn't hurt, that it looked like a kiss. This should be the magic moment of the film. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julie replies that "someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you". Then the music swells and Liliom rides the sky in the heavenly train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was a saving grace in this film, and this is the interview between the chief magistrate (HB Warner was truly magnificent here) and Liliom on the celestial train. The magistrate had some very profound things to say to Liliom about life and second chances and death. This scene alone made me take this rating from 1 to 2 stars. As for Liliom's suicide as a means of escaping his problems, the magistrate says "People assume that when they die, their difficulties are over for them. You thought that by killing yourself you would have canceled all your responsibilities. On earth the your name is still spoken, your face is still remembered, as long as there is one who remembers you, the matter is over. Until you have been completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the Earth, even if you are dead. " Some great sublime transcendental things among some of the most horrible waste I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story was apparently filmed several times both as "Liliom" and as the musical "Carosello".
