Universal's answer to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a senseless and non-ingenious direction from Michael Winner who wastes an exceptional cast with a script that masses the platoon's holes. Not to mention, it is unbearably stupid never to explain some key elements within the story. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves to a skyscraper owned by the Catholic Church with a fearful and blind priest, John Carradine, who always makes holes there at the window. He begins to suffer from weak spells and nausea. What's worse are the tenants he meets in the building like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (with an excellent appearance 55) is the real estate agent who showed Raines the place. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after discovering a relationship. José Ferrer has a small role of "Priest of the Brotherhood" which informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy of being prudent as he heads towards the highest not only housing Carradine but also Raines. Sarandon sends his hand to the skyscraper one night to check out a certain room above Cristina's apartment where he hears metallic noises and other noisy rackets. He finds himself dead the same night that Cristina "kills" her dead father in a nightmare. Screaming in the street, Cristina really has blood on her that leads police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate with certainty that this somehow leads to Sarandon who is a hot-shot lawyer who once had beat up the court policeman regarding the suicide of his whole wife. That case is really a motivating factor, Wallach's keen approach to discovering who the real blood was on Cristina and whether Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who includes this type of Latin Cristina who mysteriously includes and untrained actors like Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this room that has become available in the same room (now renewed) in which one time Cristina was a guest! What bothers me more than anything is the lack of explanations. Towards the end of the film, Wallach and Walken were forgotten and we wonder why they just stop investigating. Their characters have just been left behind. As the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain man will die and will have to be replaced to guard a certain door in that skyscraper and because Cristina suffers through the trauma she does not adequately explained. How certain ghosts appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied during a cat's birthday (see for yourself) is not adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand scheme of things ... he takes people to this skyscraper, but what are his reasons in the film? It seems that this film should have been longer and made clear the things lost due to a hasty conclusion that is simply ridiculous when it should be scary.
