The prison is set in Wyoming, where work on a new prison hit a problem, so the state council decides to reopen an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years, the director Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is in charge. 200 odd prisoners are sent and are put to work to fix the degraded prison including Burke (Viggo Mortensen) who is ordered to break into the old execution chamber, obliges to do so, but when an intense beam of light enters the masonry door shoot and all the electrical circuits, gas and fire around the prison go crazy for a few minutes. Burke has unintentionally unleashed a deadly evil force that is in the right mood to kill and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a horror film of the end of the years 80 which seemed to forget the little point of having a story. The screenplay was written by C. Courtney Joyner, the classic Empire Pictures, who was responsible for writing these "classics" as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004). budget horror that even I have never heard of and seems to take very seriously. The most serious problems I have with Prison are that it is too slow, more than 30 minutes have passed before the "evil force" was released even if the rhythm rises towards the end, but at that point it was too late too late for as for me, then there is the fact that there is no visible texture here. To begin with, he never tries to explain why there is an "evil force" cloaked in the old execution chamber, he never explains why this force decides to kill casual prisoners when he should be on a mission of revenge or why he does not. t kill the Guardian Sharpe immediately, no explanation is given as to where Burke fits, even if it looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was struck down and turned back, there is no real explanation as to how the Guardian is connected to all this which is happening apart from two nightmarish sequences in which he seems to remember something even though it is never revealed what it is or why. To be honest, I couldn't really give you a synopsis of the plot because the film doesn't have a rigid story that follows through. The characters are boring and forgettable, the murders are few and far between, the rhythm is far away, the whole film is a disaster and even the ghosts can't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less than satisfying way to spend 100 odd minutes, there really are better things you could do. <br /> <br /> Director Harlin's American film debut does a good job and there is a decent atmosphere, but after more than an hour of prison cells, dark, dull and dark prison cells , I started to get bored. I just think the look of the film is too repetitive, tasteless and frankly lifeless. I didn't think it was scary and the gore is pretty quiet compared to the best moment of the whole movie when a police guard is killed when a load of barbed wire wraps around his body and face with a nice close-up of his throat being uprooted Apart from that there is a burned corpse and a mutilated body that falls from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene in which the Keeper burns all the captive mattresses in front of them and then makes them stay all night in their underwear in the courtyard, I was watching this scene and I thought he would never be able to do something like that. Here the prisoners have rights and if the director did something like this, there would have been a national protest by all those aid workers and every prisoner would have sued the director, the prison service and the government for all they had and they would have won! <Br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of around $ 4,000,000 in prison, he had a rather healthy budget even though it doesn't look right on the screen, of course there is a decent cast and the few special effects included are good but overall it is set up in the same place with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot in a real Wyoming state prison, so it certainly looks like the business. Acting shows that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have a skeleton of crap in their closets, but in Mortensen's case it has two with this and the terrible The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1994), both of which I'm sure who would like to forget ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a boring, lifeless, colorless loss without 100-minute humor, despite a scene of good blood I didn't like it at all. Actually, I prefer my films to have a story rather than apparently random events and accidents cobbled together without any narrative sense.
