Me neither, but this film is unfortunately one of those films that are too ugly to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it absolutely useless and a total waste of time. There is nothing more disinterested than a mediocre film, and My Name is Modesty: whatever the subtitle, mediocrity reaches a new level. It's full of B actors but it's not funny at all because it's serious. It imposes itself as a thriller, but then turns into a sort of growing drama, flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, stifled beyond recognition under makeup, looks more like a cast member of Top Model than Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of those fanatics of the comic who want every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact I never even read Modesty Blaise - everything I wanted was a decent film to watch. But that wasn't it. The film seems half finished, with a weak and very exciting conclusion for a rather weak plot. He also brings his audience to idiots, explaining every little detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good B-movie - what could be better than turning off the brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who gave us the wonderful crap movie from Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad movie B should bring to the table: nudity, cold blood, guns, call it. "Modesty" is simply boring. The flashback to Modesty's life is not interesting. Acting is not so bad as to be mocked. In fact, I liked the performance of Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau (hey friends, pseudonyms are your friends!) Like the bad guy. <br /> <br /> So overall it's just lame. Weak. Not inspired. Call it what you want Don't look at anything because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a very forgettable and sincere thriller, and never tries to be more than that. Allow me to complete this review with a very lousy pun (actually, I'm worried too): My Name Is Modesty: A Modesty Waste of Time - 4/10
