I grew up reading Modesty Blaise, both comics and books, and she's a real heroine to me. Although he wasn't a big Quentin Tarantino fan, anyway I was interested to hear a few years ago that he was thinking about making a movie about her: could he finally give Modesty a good treatment for the big screen she is worthy of? I heard about "My Name Is Modesty" a few months ago and I checked the stars that were given here, and I wasn't too surprised to find out that the score wasn't too high, as loved characters often find it difficult to untie fan "heart if not done exactly right. So I decided not to read the reviews and see the movie, and, well, I just finished watching it, and I'm stunned, and sad, and yes, rather furious, too. Sad and furious for having spent more than an hour of my time seeing something as fabulous as the Modesty Blaise character turned into a film that has nothing to offer to a spectator or a fan. <br /> <br /> It seems like almost everything about this film is sub-par and unprofessional, although I have to admit to having seen some actors in other films where they were good before, so I can't blame them, but the script and the direction ... my god, why even make this kind of shit with production values nor slightly larger than your average TV movie but done much worse? I don't know the background of this movie and I really don't want to know, but I can't help but wonder how the hell Tarantino can say he loves Modesty and then put his name on This? He has just lost a great deal of respect in my eyes. The director was not the right man for this job and I can sincerely thank him for ruining my evening. <br /> <br /> Giving this movie 3 stars and those stars to the actors and the technical quality that could have been worse The other seven missing stars are those in which this film was not good. Oh well, hopefully at some point there will be a serious production of the movie The Modesty Blaise which has other purposes besides stealing money from Modesty fans. Even if people like Tarantino are the ones who make the decisions, I'm not holding my breath.
