Let me say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a cliché defective burnt-out horror movie, but hey those guys are fun to watch! And he gave us something different. So I gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came with it (only copy they actually had) so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and bought it. Mistake # 1. So that night I felt I was in the mood to watch a movie (actually I bought tons that day) and I thought it was the shortest of all the ones I bought, so I'll watch this and hit the bag. Mistake # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was but I was willing to risk it. <br /> <br /> So, a few minutes into the movie and there's the first flashback. I don't think about it at first. Then the new video with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I like the direction in which it is going. Then the next flashback which is a little longer and I sat there thinking "Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman! I know what happens, so move!" Then the next one comes closer and I imagine to screw it up and fast forward through it. Then the last one (maybe I took a quick step in the explanation, but why was she lying topless in the mirror? At least she could show it to him!) And I decided to move forward quickly and then the climax and the film were over! WTF? What happened to the prediction stuff? What happened to the long hair guy (did he touch that or what?)? And more importantly, what kind of herb was the writer and director who smoked when they did this scary POS ?? !!! And what was the point? Did Annie only have flashbacks of what happened in the first movie? Or did things from the first movie happen at the same time? The latter could make sense because the stabbing of Pantyhose Face took place in 1978, according to the characters in this film, and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no he wouldn't! Why is Lacey (who the film renamed Nancy! Is Is Uli too stupid to remember the names of her movie characters?) She would be 20 years old when she was 5 and not only married to someone who looks 30ish but he also has a little boy who looks around 7 and 10! Did she go around during middle school? And also why should the Pantyhose be after Annie? What is your relationship with the characters in the original film? And a BIG WRONG ERROR OF THE MOVIE that I found in this film is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook someone notices that he is only WRITING? Wow, what a professional, Doc! So what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? IT IS A FILM WITHOUT A POINT THAT DID NOT THINK OF BEING DONE EVERYONE! I will try to find a copy of the original film that comes with that film and that's it (maybe a couple of extra features, some special edition of it yet?). Then I will return this DVD and hope that this review and all the others will prevent those who haven't seen it from seeing it so that movie stores get rid of it and this movie may no longer exist! Please let it be like that! Sorry this review is so long. I'm just upset with this movie that I had to vent somehow
