I think I agree that many of the comments here must be false. Although the film is not necessarily bad, it is definitely below average. "Dark Remains" is basically a ghost movie with a premise of your own ghosts and the bad emotions that haunt you. The film already begins with 2 stories loosely intertwined that even afterwards are not tied together. A couple loses the child who is found cut in his bed. They move into a country house to escape their past and guess what ... the house is haunted, somehow. From here in Dark Remains it starts very slowly with some really scary moments (the first ghost appearances are beautiful and even the torch sequence worked very well). OK, then ... The woman sees the ghost of her daughter, other ghosts of people have died in accidents or appear to be suicides, the man tries to solve the secret of past houses, the woman gets depressed, strange neighbors appear. It's practically all there, but the premise of being one's emotions is beautiful, so wait for the shot. There is nothing in particular, you are just confused by a story of the haunted house, by the strange neighbor, by a terrifying and totally useless prison and by the dead daughter put together with a photo-idea that reminds me a lot of "The shutter ". The end is ridiculous because when you start and finish a film so slow and with piano music it is quite difficult to include some hordes of ghosts at one time that look like a zombie movie, obviously just to go back to rhythm and piano music. <br /> <br /> Long story short ... Dark Remains could have been a beautiful story about scary ghosts if the script wasn't trying to go anywhere and get anywhere. Too many stories have multiplied, which does not make one perceive and contradict the basic atmosphere of the film. And next ... please never use abandoned prisons again. It's so worn out and in this case it doesn't even make sense. "Hey, there's this scary uphill prison, let me shoot". I imagine a lot of the ingredients in Dark Remains have been thrown into the mix like this.
