A mourning couple moves into a hut on a mountain after losing their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts that haunt the place, restless spirits of past occupants who have committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the horrible death of her daughter due to the opening of the door and the marriage deteriorated because of that. Julie remains in a state of zombies, provoking almost no emotion, remote and insensitive, photographing only a nearby abandoned prison, finding a stunning image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell. Although Allen sees nothing out of the ordinary, Julie continues to photograph and we can recognize that something is not right. A local handyman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a rather distant guy who hosts a secret becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother may have something to do with the Pykes shelters. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold the Pykes also find themselves victims, Mr. Booth's alcohol abuse to his wife who returns to haunt him. Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin, attempting to unravel the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> A lot of ghosts move in the background in this dark supernatural story with practically every miserable character. Cheri Christian remains so vacant and lost, it is incredibly difficult to connect with her although you understand her situation. Acting, as it is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters is exactly easy to use. I imagine it should be like this, in their circumstances, but the problem I had was never able to adequately embrace the Pykes because of their constant state of indifference. Cheri shows herself cold and detached, as I imagine a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in that way, but the cold nature let me beg inside to embrace her that I could never have. I think the right musicians, even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil, can grab the hearts of their viewers, if a humanity reaches us ... in the case of this film, the leads are not able to do it, for any reason. It could have been me, I don't know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters pulled my heart strings. However, as the film continues, Allen slowly discovers certain truths and must defend himself from his wife who is convinced that their daughter is among them and that she will no longer lose her child. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the ghosts that afflict the area that must kill the Pykes, becomes a vital threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, has established itself everywhere, in the distance. The ending reveals all of them as Allen has to find help for his wife as he tries to hinder Jim's mission. I had trouble getting into this because of my discomfort with the protagonists and their characters.
