Okay, now what the hell is that supposed to be? Is it a family fantasy film to take on even more the huge success of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a return to the glorious days of prehistoric epics like "When the dinosaurs ruled the earth" and "The lost world"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we cannot understand? Yes, it must be so! Whatever it is, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (the good old John 'Bud' Cardos of "Kingdom of the Spiders" and the writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") must have smelled a lot of glue when have written the ideas for this crazy mixture of genres. History has not the slightest sense and the narrative structure is as inconsistent as hell but, hey, who cares as long as it has papier-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spaceships, lights and lasers that induce headaches and spontaneous supernovae! The introduction of the voiceover is practically incomprehensible, but don't worry because it's all meaningless! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think it is? Time does not necessarily pass chronologically, it is a giant paradox! The words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating now and even the things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. I have absolutely no idea what all this means, but apparently it provides an easy excuse to bring together dwarf aliens and well-behaved dinosaurs on the screen. I gladly say well-behaved dinosaurs, because at one point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the door before threatening its targets. The crazy plot revolves around a family of strangers living in their solar-powered home in the middle of nowhere. The grandfather is extremely annoying, the granddaughter even more so, the grandmother is a walking billboard and talking for plastic surgery, the younger son strangely resembles Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason even tramps wandering around shooting like her hot mom's husband on a business trip. The special effects are purely approximate and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who spoke of "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the most ingenious aspect of all is the dialogues! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandfather: "You know what it is, don't you? This is a distortion of time-space! <br /> <br /> Stevie:" I'm not sure you know what it means, dad "<br /> <br /> Grandfather:" Well, I guess nobody really does "<br /> <br /> Make up your mind, granny! you know what it is or don't you want? to talk about "The Vortex" as if I were some kind of expert in the field! "The Day Time Ended" is an incredibly childish fantasy and not worthy of imagination film, although I fully understand that some of his fans adore the movie because they have it seen at a young age and were fascinated by the flamboyant effects. The finish comes completely out of nowhere, as if they were suddenly running out of money or how the effects of the mushrooms they were eating were consumed unexpectedly.
