'1408' is the latest hodge podge of low-cost scare tactics. The genre that could cause date-style horror fans to jump around on their seats and scream in their ears, but disappoint the audience in search of some depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who has made a career of writing books that describe his experiences of staying at hotels infested with voice. Despite the assurances of patrons and owners that the ghosts roam the halls, there is very little to make him a true supporter of the paranormal. When he learns the story of Room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel - I can't wait, I mean, Dolphin Hotel in New York City - he decides it would be the perfect closing chapter of his latest book. But Samuel L. Jackson, who plays the owner of the hotel, strongly tries to dissuade his guest with the narration of the atrocities that occurred in the theater room since the hotel opened many years ago. The story is simple and we, as possible skeptics, have to sit through Jackson's long walk that prefigures us. <br /> <br /> In other words: be afraid! Be very afraid! <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be easy to convince the public that they just paid to see a cutting-edge thriller if it didn't take so long to build at this point. And also, if what followed was much more than cheap "whistles" that become so frequent and arbitrary that you could eventually expect soon. The temperature in the room changes automatically. The walls are dripping with blood. The fearless writer cannot open the door, etc. And after almost an hour and a half of delivery to these spectators promised great chills, you could sit down and hope that at least you can be amazed by the ending. With suspicions of oneiric sequences and other derivative time-wasters, even this fails to quell our doubts that before the film is finished, we could finally have something to make the film a little less than completely forgettable. <br /> <br /> Despite the great performances (as always) of Cusak, which is essentially the whole film, most of the others are wasted (ie Samuel L. Jackson) in insignificant secondary roles. The real mystery here is how this film received such a high score. Ghosts filling the cards?
