I must say that I was disappointed with this film. I've never been a big fan of BNL, I find their songs a bit childish and obsessively nostalgic (this is grade 9, if I had a million dollars, a shoe box of life, etc.). However, I saw clips of their live show and I really like the sudden and silly nature of the show. I was hoping that this film would highlight what is, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played but somehow insipid and not so compelling (there is a bass soloist in the middle that was completely useless and boring, despite how much Jim Creegan was digging himself). The film does not do it and shows only a few minutes (and you know they have had better moments, like in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan, is the responsible man, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really great"). <br /> <br /> BNL is a bit like when I went to Europe a few years ago and listened to that song "Blue" by Effeil 99 or whatever every 2 minutes, I returned to Canada and then a month later that song was everywhere * again *, I almost chewed myself by my own arm. BNL is like that, years ago I remember many fond memories of sitting around campfires in Canada, listening to the people who play "If I had a million dollars". The BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of their humor has a particular Canadian bias (the Kraft Dinner is a food for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is typically Canadian) they spent a few years where they slipped into darkness and I was a little grateful. Then suddenly they become huge in the United States, and everyone out there thinks they are a brand new band (yes, they are brand new, but they are all in their thirties!) While the rest of Canada is going "Oh Damn, I thought those guys folded years ago, I still have to listen to "millions of dollars"? <br /> <br /> The concert footage is not bad, but I would have liked to have seen more of their routine stage, filming isn't great, and things like the clips of their massive free show in Boston are too quick.The interviews are surprisingly boring for such a fun group of guys, I think they're all old and have families, homes and more and yes There are moments when they go into the Spinal Tap material type, where they deliver impassive satire, then break into laughter and giggles that destroy it.Interview with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogule) and Terry David Mulligan ( music guy) are extremely pretentious and border on Tap's territory involuntarily. <br /> <br /> Also this film does not document much, I mean it's basically a show and at the beginning of the film, they are already huge and have a huge tour following, it's not like we see them emerge from the darkness and "surprise" them are popular, it is a methodically planned event, so in the end it is rather lifeless, a sort of half live concert, half documentary and not much of both. <br /> <br />
