Dude, I find it really hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had something to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can say with certainty that this show will not be on my unmissable list. There are so many things that work against it. <br /> <br /> None of the cast of the actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin as the protagonist, Sookie, is simply horrible. I remember that it has improved in many other things where I saw it, maybe it's just the script. It's not even much fun to watch, there are times when being honest looks pretty bad. The actor who plays Bill is slightly better, if only because his character should be somewhat wooden and aloof. The other actors do their best, but with cliché characters with difficult-to-interpret accents they are given to work hard. Tara is a real misery to watch, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It's like nails on a bad board. As horrible as Nelsan Ellis is, it is difficult to understand what he is sometimes saying. Even his character as well as that of Tara seem a little racist to me. I don't know, having a character that says 'whycome' on an HBO show that's not The Wire sounds a bit weird. Completing the cast so far are Sookie's disgusting grandmother, her drug-addicted brother, and the only piece of genius I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be tortuous towards its destination at this point, without any concern to keep the viewer interested. The romantic stuff is very dark. Although this shows the field factor from something like those old episodes of Dark Shadows, about ten times. Sometimes it seemed so campy to me, that I just have to assume that it was meant to be. But unlike a show like Buffy, who masterfully welcomed the field, this show didn't. Out of place with campiness is the extreme sex and the graphic sex of the show. I'm not against any of these when they did well, like they did on many other HBO shows, but at least here they have prolonged rough sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse that seem a bit exaggerated and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> The only nice thing I can really say about this mess is that I liked the opening title sequence. HBO has been unlucky with their shows lately, I hope they delete this after the first season and try to get something better on the air.
