This show caused a lot of fanfare but I didn't know it until mid-season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show. But I decided that if I were going to see it, I would wait until the end of the season to see it big. Because of the format of the show, I'm glad I waited. I guess it would have been pretty annoying to have almost all the episodes in the middle of a crutch, then wait another week to find out what happens in the next second in the story. <br /> <br /> Somehow, this show managed to throw in too much sex. Jason will have sex with pretty much everything that moves. Soon after she finds out that a woman she had sex with was killed, she's in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam take it, although each of them knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets angry when she later finds out - even if she's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that it doesn't do a good job in making you worry about the characters. I really didn't care about Jason at all. Along with his ongoing quest for the story, he was rude to people who were actually worried about him. After a few episodes, I wouldn't have minded if he was killed in any way. For this reason, I remained mostly uninterested in the murders until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more closely involved with Jason). <br /> <br /> So once Sookie and Bill have sex, the story gets some more subplots. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, then the exorcist lady tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her demon. I wasn't so bothered by the whole exorcism business because I know there are some people who really believe in that stuff. However, they waste little time proving that it is a farce immediately after Tara spends about $ 1300 in exorcisms for her and her mother. In other places, some of the developments happen too fast. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell his grandmother's things to buy vampire blood, which is apparently the new crack or something. In his research he finds this girl who will do V (vampire blood) with him. They rise and in three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire court. He left only two days before Sookie starts to feel abandoned and starts to wonder if he thinks the "vampire policy" is more important than her. <br /> <br /> The subtlety is not the strong dress of this show. It doesn't take a genius to understand that something is happening with the local dog. Although my hypothesis was not dead, it was not a surprise. But the ending of two episodes was the point where it became really annoying, as it simply pushed all the developments of your face as if it was not possible to understand for yourself. When Tara enters a car accident, the face of the naked woman with the pig is clearly shown, and was easily recognizable when she shows up at the prison for rescue. As if that weren't enough, they later show the lady with the pig back to her house. So it's time to end the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Renee is not who she claims to be and most likely is the killer. In the final episode, they push Renee to be the killer in the face. Sookie notes that it is strange that Renee's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought it was fine, as it adds a fraud to Renee. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has the Maudette tape with the vampire and her girlfriend finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes on how to pretend a cajun accent. At this point it was simply ridiculous. I mean WE GET IT !!! So something happens blah blah blah. Bill almost kills himself while he can't save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They begin to set season 2 leaving the problems incomplete. The naked pig lady and Sam have a story, Lafayette has disappeared and may have been killed. Jason is about to be brainwashed to become a religious madman by an anti-vampire church - which makes me worry about him even less. <br /> <br /> It's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. I think I just expected this show to be better. I am interested in seeing what happens in the second season, but if I look at it, I will probably wait for the season to complete.
