Set in South Africa, a young black guy tries to get a part in a gangsta movie. But without the knowledge of street life, he is told to find out how that life really is or he won't get the part. He manages to make his way in a band led by an old friend from school and his chances of appearing in the film are reduced while he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the disastrous disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem relatively interesting, it is anything but. The first half is incredibly tortuous and boring, while the "hijacking" takes place only towards the end with very slow speed car chases. In these "chases", only two police cars are used, both the very first Nissan Sunny of the 1990s. Not only would they be cheap enough to collect (and I find it rather difficult to believe that they will use such old trivial machines in South Africa in the year 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only 2 involved and none of them gets scratched once. Car chases are very bad, with distant and poorly planned shots and minimal traffic on the roads, and they are everywhere in about 2 minutes at most, as a very young child is supposedly actually an experienced driver who can easily escape the police although driving is pedestrian and absolutely not very exciting. This now takes me on the characters and acting, which are equally bad. The aforementioned child who drives the car is about 13 years old and presumably is extremely adept at losing the incredibly inept police. All the others are equally unconvincing, so much so that sometimes they even seem bored. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the film, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a parking lot. Despite having difficulty opening it, the police arrive and ask him what he is doing and he responds by telling him that it is their car. After a brief discussion, they try to arrest him and then keep the police at gunpoint and jump in the car. After entering, the police react and in turn are injured. After another sequence of pathetic pursuits, they decide to leave the car and focus it to destroy any evidence. What follows here is one of the most rightly ridiculous and horribly terrible special effects I've ever seen. When the car "explodes", the overlapping flames suddenly appear from every window with terrible sound effects that are not even in time. It's so badly done and so fake that it's hard to even put it into words, and it really needs to be seen to believe it. If you watch it in slow motion it looks even more fun. I have seen better effects than this in the documentaries on the reconstruction of homicides. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that wouldn't be worth a huge amount and that seriously couldn't afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I'd like to know how big the budget for this film is. It seems so cheap to me that I'm surprised it came out of South Africa, and even more surprised that it came to a DVD version. I know it's not a big-budget Hollywood production. I know it aims to portray gangs in the impoverished towns of South Africa that steal cars from the middle class and sell parts on the black market, but with laughable effects, poorly executed car chases, horrible actions and ridiculous characters reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> In general, I definitely don't recommend looking at it. If you want to have a laugh and see one of the low-budget and low-budget messes I've ever made, then I'd recommend it for that, and only that. <br /> <br /> It is a miserable, shoddy piece, unkempt, uninspiring and boring with a poor budget that fails on all fronts. I have seen many South African films, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World action images, and despite their generosity, they are far better than that.
