***** ATTENTION, MAY MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS THAT WILL BE MORE FUNNY THAN THIS TRIP. **** <br /> <br /> Here are some good tips for anyone living in the UK. Whenever Channel 5 has a late 80s-up comedy, read a book instead. I am currently in the process of recovering from an attack, due to reading some of the comments on this film here. I'm really shocked that someone actually said this movie was realistic! All I can say is that God the Cold War never intensified, otherwise we could have given the boundaries of Commi to our borders ... I found this film terrible in the most extreme fiction, maybe it's just my British perception of it Which makes a movie fun, who knows? But in all aspects, this film is not only horrible, its teeth are terribly terrible. <br /> <br /> I have never been a fan of Bill Murray, and his nonsense like this that justify my feelings towards him. Don't get me wrong, I loved Ghostbuster, which was only released three years after this movie. But this really sums up Bill Murray. I can safely say that I haven't wasted my time so dramatically since I saw the first performance of the Operation Delta Force here, even though these two films have more in common than you think. For 1 thing, both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end and 2nd. They are both full of cheesy clichés in everything. <br /> <br /> Here's one thing, these guys should be in the "US Army". Yet he is allowed to wallow around their camp, Willy, without rules, seducing women military police officers, and then fucking them stupidly in Headquarters. Talk about Random! This film is simply terrible for this, I'm afraid. Now don't get me wrong, I'm not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women really fall in love with the two characters shortly after arresting them, leaving them free ... Twice, he's just insulting to the female race. The fact that a bum with thick lips and fat hair (Winger) and his unfortunate assistant Ramis can simply penetrate into the underwear of MP, to which they fall madly in love with the two of them is ridiculous to say the least. > <br /> Then there are the training scenes, where you meet the "Phycho" team that unconvincingly threatens to kill anyone who touches him or his material, followed by the overweight guy (played by the late and great John Candy) who claim to have joined the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes". Leading Murray high, paying tribute to the "Giant Toe," (WTF?) "Drill Seargent" who honestly could not organize a more $$ in a brewery, let alone his recruit band. All that this scene needs is a prelude to fight scenes, with people saying "way to go asshole"! "every time, etc., etc. etc. <br /> <br /> The scenes continue to show the bunch of rags that make their tits on the Assault Course, leading to a scene where one of them shoots wildly in the air to some passing the birds with an assault rifle, peppering a watchtower with bullets (just like that. Yes, I told you this movie was random ... He too miraculously escaped backward unruly ...) At the end, at the end of the show, where the unfortunate team makes a magical turn in the space of two hours. (Bugger me, Miracle!) Thanks to some wise words from Murray, to whom they then massively manage no military as a dance in front of a geriatric "General" in front of the rest of the teams, all for the immense pleasure of their two friends on the bench, who should have really arrested them ... Everyone makes fun of it. surprisingly, he chooses them to protect a new prototype d the Multi-Million Dollar Armored Vehicles in Italy (which turns out to be just a green-painted mobile home with lots of gadgets inside), claiming "This is exactly what this Army needs!" br /> <br /> Then there's the terrible ending, where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this top-secret prototype of the military vehicle to take their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive MP girlfriends to Germany. To which Captain Hapless (John Larroquette) discovers and leads the team of new recruits in a recovery mission for this vehicle. To which they then take a "wrong turn" en route and end up in the Soviet republic of Czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (As if we had not seen that he was coming ...) Thus begins an attempt to rescue Ramis and Murray + Birds in hand, to which a great fight is dedicated, a lot of shots from the side and tanks. With them return as national heroes, humiliate the Russians by calling them "pussies", etc. etc. The end. Quite right. No Courts Martial, nothing. They have just stolen a prototype military vehicle, taken it to a country in the Warsaw Pact and almost caused an international incident that could have sparked the First World War! <br /> <br /> This film is honestly more fun than being diagnosed with a terminal illness. I know it had to be a Comedy, got all the right actors for this, but where the hell is it? Has channel 5 cut off those bits? The only thing that redeems in this film is the repetitive use of naked women taking a shower, and the Fangosa female. (as I said, Random) It is not that it helps to distract the fact that it is a film absolutely disgusting, of course. This film should realistically be aimed at immature 9-year-olds, unfortunately we have to watch it instead. 1 out of 10 stars - Tripa total. My advice, do something a little more useful with your time. How to Castrate Yourself ...
