I just saw "If ??" I can remember the ads for the 1968 movie, so I was interested in finally seeing it. It could be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and lacks some social references, but I thought the film was horrible. First of all, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire film for the stormy revolt at the time of the explosion. For another, whether the last scene is real or imagined, what happens is not a revolt, but a shooting fury. There is a big difference. <br /> <br /> I know it might be a bad form to judge a movie about subsequent events, but you can't avoid doing it here. One person wrote a post on the bulletin board asking us not to compare the end of the film with the incidents of Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a spark of difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on one side and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I simply can't see it. All four were disappointed that their shots were purifying a fucking world that they don't take for arrogance. <br /> <br /> Which leads me to: why the hell are Travis and his friends even in a school they despise so much? They are adults or close to it. I'm not in a military prison, like the inmates of "The Hill", a much better British film than almost the same period. No one is forcing them to go to university and get beaten by whips, except perhaps the ambitious parents who need a revival on the nature of their children. I had the opportunity in college to join a fraternity, apart from the fact that I could not bear to receive foolish and cruel orders from the criminals who claimed to be my future "brothers". I took the consequences of not having the "inside" with the Establishment that the friar provides, and I cannot say that I repented. <br /> <br /> If Travis imagines the second coming of Lenin (whose non-hanging painting hangs prominently in his room) he is free to go out and organize the union of an editor or to work for Michael Foot in the next elections. If you want to be Jack Kerouac, then travel and start writing. What advantage can the world give in turning a motorcycle and getting drunk in its room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris" where Brando hopes to have had to go out with a cow dung on his shoes. In the real world, the person said, a listener would say "Why didn't you scrape it? Change your shoes?" - Do not allow imaginary characters to make a journey of self-pity about you because you don't dare to point out an alternative common-sense course for them. So it's here.
