if ... it is the cinematic equivalent of the sergeant. Pepper's: revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and considered a bit stupid by previous and subsequent generations. Now that the children of the middle classes all over the world are apparently super-human thanks to the Internet, and see the perspective of the college as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the Harry Potter books / films, the relevance of if ... could not be further away from modern concern. In fact, many scenes appear so foreign and exaggerated to suggest an inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should never have personal prejudice against a film during the review, and the cemented date of this film aside, there are some flaws that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, as well as being generally too smart for his own good. And despite a simple narrative through the first and second act, the last part of the piece was taken hostage by the surrealism of Buñuel's ox and attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not capable of this prowess because of his overly intelligent cynicism, failing to see that Buñuel was jovial in his work. I have not found a critic who supports the "Chaplain in a drawer", and I am almost certain that he still gets side glances from those who adore this movie. The ending is not so much a concise blow to the established class / value system, like a wet slap on a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was firmly in the middle classes (the upper crust was educated at home by private tutors). And the modus operandi of if .... was to control the boxes of public school life that Lindsay believed had been unexplored in the film, thus causing the fiction of the middle class to explode. Homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold showers et al. In fact, these problems had been treated in many other great British films, if ... he had simply brought them to the fore. Browning's version was a more oblique slavery of this pump, to name just one. <br /> <br /> if .... it is strangely bizarre, and simply cannot be seen with modern eyes (especially American). Congratulations to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favor of African singing, and some points for homoerotic latent tones. Points deduced to demand, establish characters that disappear and incite an endless revolution that has failed.
