Ah, the spirit of '68. The streets of Paris were unleashed with rebellion, the hippies were on top in the spirit of love. How did Britain mark this era of radicalism and revolution? Er, apparently, dear Old Blighty focused on making films about boys in boarding schools. If ... contains the evil establishment. Contains the revolt of the oppressed. What is lacking in contrast to Parisien's passion and hippy header is a sense of excitement, except in his fiery ammunition and artillery finale. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson's If ... is the star of all time - great Malcolm McDowell as one of the three private school students who decorate their dorm with photos of Lenin and other leftist radicals. It is clearly an anti-establishment film in its representation of the evil upper-class pirates who govern the roost and the outdated autocratic practices of the public school education standard. What makes Se ... unusual is that despite all its radical sympathies, it does not explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, but instead it is just a kind of floating: devoid of plot and devoid of personality. <br /> <br /> The surrealist bits fade and disappear from time to time and the film slips back from black and white to color (is it due to the low budget or is it an artistic expression?), but there is Uninteresting to talk about. All we get is the poignant epilogue in which the young rebels reach their rifles and knock down the shady masters of the establishment. Hooray! A revolution! Finally something that requires a second thought unlike the rest of this boring exercise in college daydreaming. <br /> <br /> If ... it could have been a powerful political affirmation, but how it derives and only gathers a sense of direct interest in the end. Instead of being a testament to the dissident Zeitgeist of the late 1960s, he only manages to be a bewildered British education document of the upper middle class. Anarchy? Apathy is more like the only man many viewers will want to stick to after seeing If ... will be Lindsay Anderson.
