The British public school system did not evolve solely with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes despite that popular and widespread misconception. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, officials and soldiers to govern the British colonies. These people were almost entirely recruited by the middle classes. When public schools began to show their worth, the scions of the aristocracy were sent to them rather than being educated at home by guardians and rulers as before. They tended to favor the nearest "City" schools "so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with that class of parents. The vast majority of public schools brought their pupils from a lower social scale. Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous a pupil of the public school of all time, he was the son of a country shepherd, not a count with a belt, so in the late 1960s, England, a country in the grip of post-colonial guilt and abandoning the last of his Commitments to his former employees as quickly as Harold Wilson managed to escape his "Gannex" mac, Lindsay Anderson "If" was greeted with cathartic joy by chattering lessons and mild enjoyment for all the others. "summer of love" was followed by the "October Revolution" a non-event that left some cops in London with wounded heads and the US embassy with one or two broken windows, but achieved absolutely nothing. So, when Mr. Anderson's film reached the cinemas, the disgruntled former revolutionaries indirectly took part in what they saw was Mr. Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over a loving "They", despite the fact that he was finally ruthlessly killed, a fate which would surely have passed. they had succeeded in their attempts to enter the USE subsidiary. The film told us nothing new about public schools, homosexuality, bully cold showers, sarcastic patrician teachers, foolish traditions. An all too familiar list. An allegory has been declared that compared Britain to the corrupt and ruined society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years on the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten except by those involved on one side or the other and Mr. Anderson completed his "State of the Country" trilogy with no effect. If by chance you should want to read a book about the schoolchildren who ruined the most successful system of Mr. McDowell and his friends and also lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." written by the man whose "Se" lent his name to Mr. Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is quietly erased from our literary history. And he does it before the chattering classes manage to declare him a person. Perhaps someone should start a revolution in this regard.
