There is a really beautiful scene in Faat Kine. The title character comes into question with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine sprays her in the face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and rather fun at the same time. On that occasion, writer / director Ousmane Sembene offers the public a character that is easy to root, an interesting cinematic character that could be worth watching for two hours. In the scene, he presents a courageous woman who is bold in her actions. For the rest of the film, the only other thing that seems to present is the contrasting tones. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It is true that not all films must clearly fit into a specific genre, but I do not believe that Faat Kine fits any genre. Presumably, it is a drama, although there are moments of such a broad comedy (the aforementioned spray in the face) that it cannot be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious arguments that Sembene has included in the film. There is a way to mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find this balance. Instead, one scene after another slips into each other without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones suspended in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours with an extremely tight finish. The film ends with a big party where all the character conflicts are resolved, only they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, going on for probably twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scenes up to this point have been tortuous, the ending is particularly difficult to bear with repetition at the beginning of the scene, making the viewing experience frustrating. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too tough on Faat Kine. They are not the right audience for this. I felt nothing about the characters and had no connection with any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and will see strong characters. However, I was not able to do it and therefore cannot recommend it.
