The Shlock merchant Leo Fulci makes a change of pace by making a fantasy trash film, barely coherent, with sorcery and magic, in place of his usual horrible little coherent horror. <br /> <br /> A wimpy like Orlando Bloom called Ilias, from a society vaguely resembling ancient Greece travels across the ocean to the territory of the cavemen in a vaguely defined quest to combat evil, where it joins with an animal hunter in battle the wolf man and the mutant servants of an evil vampire topless witch. The crazy result. The witch is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself. He sends several servants, each one stranger than the last, after our heroes, in the end, have won, giving a blow to all the oppressed cavemen. Does this film contain a constant flow of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason the whole film is shot on soft focus and the image is further blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. This could have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or to hide how it all seems false. In any case, he failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is a feeling of scuzzy and slight loss and does not hide how everything seems lame. The wolf-man servants resemble the yawn of a poor man. For some reason the director fell in love with shots of them blowing up in slow motion, Six Million Dollar Man style, towards our heroes when they attack. There are probably a dozen of these shots during the film and it gets more and more boring. The other topless witch servants, apart from the men dressed in generic leather, are white, lumpy mutants that seem to be covered in cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and non-threatening and when they talk they talk like a Hispanic gay, dancing Daleks. The fights are bloated and unconvincing and the special effects are painful. Oh yes, music is cheap synthesizer stuff that Doctor Who producers would have been embarrassed about using. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is insipid and forgettable. It also looks like a complete wuss, especially with its navel which reveals a dress of leather and big hair, and is clearly a moron. Sure, it's a dynamite blow with his magic bow, but he only needs three or four arrows in his quest to fight the entire continent of evil. Needless to say, the arrows run out in a few minutes and must be saved by the more traditional sword and witchcraft hero, Mace. When he meets Ilias he affirms himself as the taciturn solitary type, claiming that he has no friends but as soon as one can say latent homoerotic subtext they are heart companions, who drag the misty hills together. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in exchange for favors linked to the bow. Ilias asks where he is going. "Wherever my legs take me," is his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and an outrageous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love and affinity for animals, citing the usual things about how he prefers to be human because humans can be really bad. He says he would never hunt and kill an animal for food, but he will steal meat from other people who have hunted animals. Moreover, it is not above the random killing of innocent bystanders without good reason. Not long after they meet, he is testing Ilias's bow and the movie cuts at a casual caveman, minding his own business, walking along and Mace shoots him to death. There is no indication that this poor soul has done anything to deserve this, and even Ilias, who presumably comes from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The film is rather unusual. For the entire film it is completely naked except for a loincloth and a golden mask that encloses the whole head. It's as if Fulci had included it to make the T&A quotient movie mandatory, but decided it was a bit too butterface at the last minute. He spends a long time seemingly pleasantly with his domestic snakes and dreaming of being killed by a faceless man wielding a man dressed as Ilias. Wow, that symbolism! Later in the movie he has fun when he can't beat Ilias and Mace and promises to be sex-slave to an ancient warrior guy if he kills them for her. Hardly the scariest villain in the world and not a real step forward for women's rights. I think spider web creatures are safe on our heroes and impersonates Mace in a situation where there is no one else around but Mace to deceive. Was he really worthy of exchanging your respect for, Ocron? <br /> <br /> Are there several other WTFs? moments. Most of them arrive towards the end of the film. Ilias goes out, I forget why, perhaps his permanent hairdo has been confused, but he realizes the error of his ways and returns to help Mace in fighting the forces of evil. Suddenly, without reason, his bow can suddenly fire more targets in search of energy. Bolts can also fire through solid rock when needed. Needless to say, he does a brief job of the hordes of villains that captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also rather meaningless. Mace decimates the remaining forces of Ocron using the targeted laser beam attack capability. Then he is able to shoot Ocron from a kilometer away using his shot through the rock ability. She starts to die. His mask is torn to reveal a horrible Muppet head. She staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders with another dog. Mace smiles. Roll credits. <br /> <br /> Strangely, with regard to these shady low-cost sword and sorcery films, this is reasonably polished and concentrated. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how senseless and tortuous these films can be.
