Although it was released on DVD by Blue Underground about five years ago, I never met this "sword and witchcraft" article in Italian on late-night Italian TV, and now that I've seen it for myself, I know exactly why. Not for the typical predilection of his director for the extreme gore (of which there are some examples to be sure) or for the fact that the handful of women in it parades topless all the time (it's set in the Middle Ages after all)? ? it is, quite simply, really poor stuff. Indeed, I would say that it could be the worst of the kind I've ever seen and, believe me, I've seen many (especially in recent years, that is, after my excursion to the 2004 Venice Film Festival)! Reading how the failure of the film at the time of the first version would have led to the subsequent (and deplorable) collapse of his director's career in a senseless low-budget gore, I can see their point: I might prefer Fulci's previous "yellow" period (1968-77) to his most popular horror (1979-82), but, also on the latter, his commitment was unquestionably indisputable. On the other hand, CONQUEST doesn't seem to have inspired Fulci in the least ?? seeing how he decided to drape the process with an annoyingly perpetual fog, sprinkle it with incongruous characters (cannibals against werewolves, someone?), irrelevant cold blood (we are treated to a free and unpleasant cannibal dinner just before witnessing meat eaters their brains literally beaten by their hairy antagonists!) and even some very unappealing intimacy between the masked moodiness, which savors the brain (don't ask) and its slimy reptile pet !! For what it's worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a magical young boy who carries the bow on an odyssey that confirms the man (Andrea Occhipinti) and his distraught muscle mate (Jorge Rivero, that is, French of Howard Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970]!) That, despite being called Mace (short for Maciste, perhaps?), Seems to be there simply to jump over his cavewoman from time to time and bring his young protégé out of trouble ( in particular during unpleasant attack of the "bubbles"). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of this delicate material arrives here as the former Goblin. Claudio Simonetti's electronic score sometimes seems terribly inappropriate. Fulci even manages to give the film a ridiculously sucked tail with the muscular and surviving hero who goes aimlessly in the desert (after defeating all and one with the help of the most important magic bow, so much for his supposed strength physics!) on his neighbor ?? and fortunately unfilmed ?? adventure!
