Do you know all those letters to "Santa Claus" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out that they aren't actually delivered but left in a half-cleared corner of the post office to rot unless some bright spark can't find a way to publish them. As bizarre settings, it is a winner and one that fits perfectly into the strange movie that is "Dead Letter Office". That being said, this is obviously an Australian film compared to the British one. If it were Royal Mail, most letters still get this kind of treatment. I haven't been in this apartment for two years and we still receive letters for a Mr. Wang, a pastor of the Church of the last days that I have never heard and various catalogs for industrial equipment to a plumbing company. <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" (the name given to the place where the undeliverable mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) growing up in a seriously divided house. Writing to his absent father, he learns only in adulthood that his letters were not delivered for one reason or another. So, logically, he gets a job at D.L.O. and he finds himself working together with other social rejections including the scorching Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly, he finds himself attracted to him, but can he find out where his father is without bringing the self-sufficient world of Dead Letters Office to its knees? <br /> <br /> Nothing against this movie, but I was reminded of the horror movie Graham "Busy" by God watching him. However, this is much better than that pile of horse poop, but then again, it's not difficult. To begin with, this film is much more logical. True, the metaphors are a bit cheeky and the overflowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least this is cohesive and extravagant without being complete. It is also well acted. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as lovers looking for something they know they never find, while other characters are peripheral at best. Part of the problem is that it seems to end too quickly, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The other part is that when considering Australia's Draconian immigration policy (ie if you don't speak English, to the detriment!), Such a story is unlikely to take place in reality. The other characters, unfortunately, also contribute to destabilizing realism, proving to be little more than odd ball stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, "Dead Letter Office" is definitely something slightly different. It may not be to everyone's taste, but I liked it. Yes, it was trivial and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without guns or violence or heavy swearing and nudity (no chance in an Australian film). There are no big laughs, no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it is the story that counts here and while it is not upsetting for its magnificence, it is a pleasant enough way to pass the time. It's the cinematic equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD, which is pleasant to listen to from time to time, but you won't miss it much if it wasn't there.
