"Nobody Knows Nobody" is a conspiracy theory thriller about a nut / satanist bomber that targets Seville's religious holidays during Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the hero of the film. The plot is prepared by the murderer as a computer game, with himself and the hero as players, and Seville as the virtual environment. The alleys and very real streets of the city begin to take on the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman-type games. Considered in this way, the scene in which the hero and his female companion are chased by penitents with black hoods and ray guns cannot seem foolish as it sounds. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we are aware that the narrative is being built as a game: the hero's job is to create crosswords for a popular newspaper; at some point, the crossword grid on his screen becomes the chessboard on which he will later play against his girlfriend's father. The clues are freely dispersed, since the camera closes in a mystifying way on images that were later shown as significant (for example, the announcement in the bar). Investigative / paper items are part of an ongoing game, rather than an investigation after the fact. The film heavily borrows the narrative of the Se7en model, and anyone with a Catholic education will presumably have the meaning of certain events that will happen on certain days during the race at EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is narrative, with the hero fighting against an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the film itself, which subverts the first. There is another set of clues that indicate not the intentions of the killer, but those of the filmmaker and his hero. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin. If we remember that the pseudonym of Nabokov in the 1930s who loved chess was Sirin, we see another game in progress, one in which we suspect not the bad guy, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In a novel by Nabokov as "Pale Fire", an author-figure creates a text that was designed to hide his motivations, causing a game between writer and reader to discover the real text. Throughout the film there are scenes that are visually distorted (such as the image that contracts), or that are ambiguously called dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero's point of view. Initial references to the games are all related to him. In the first few sequences, a lot is made of the sexual and creative impotence of the character, so the film could be his attempt to dominate his life, to be a winner, in a way he can't really. As soon as he won the game, his writer's block vanishes; the words he writes are the title of the film, suggesting that he is the general author. Moreover, that title in Spanish reflects negatively on itself, a very Nabokovian involution that suggests a hero, like Kinbote, trapped in his own solecism. <br /> <br /> This mixture of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon also al), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a a map and a text, and like a cultural story that haunts the present), Bunuellian anti-clericalism and the 'shock' films of Alex de la Iglesia result in a film that is just that, a jumble, every intelligent element allusive that cancels the last dissipating interest. The lack of clarity on the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible, and in the end wearing. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of such excessively determined artifice, the main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as a testimony of a narrative that takes place in a real city with its own events they perform independently. Such an ambiguous confusion of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece like "Sans Soleil" or "London", but, ultimately, it is necessary to have a light touch to match your intelligence.
