Within the realm of Science Fiction, two particular themes constantly arouse interest, initially explored in the literature of a pre-cinematographic era, and have since been periodically revisited by directors and writers, with varying degrees of success. The first theme, that of time travel, has exercised a constant fascination for the fans of the film, as well as the written word, most recently on the screen with the umpteenth version of the classic by H.G. Wells, "The Time Machine". The second theme, which also manages to keep the public in slavery, is that of invisibility, which ignites the imagination with its seemingly endless and myriad possibilities. And this theme has once again become the basis for a film adapted from another HG Wells classic, "The Invisible Man", whose creation here is "Hollow Man", directed by Paul Verhoeven, and starring Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. <br /> <br /> Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have long conducted experiments for the US government, exploring the possibility and practicality of invisibility, which they have finally achieved in a number of primates on which they have tested their method. In fact, they have progressed to the point that the influence of invisibility is assured; their only problem now is to bring the subject back to the original "visual" state of being. It is a problem, however, that Caine, after a diligent effort and too many hours in the laboratory, has solved ... or so he thinks. And when the application of his theory on a live topic is successful, he decides to present the results to the board of directors, in an attempt to maintain the necessary funding for the continuation of the project. <br /> <br /> At the last minute, however, Caine is frightened, fearing that the project's control will be snatched from him before they can move on to the next level: the test of a human subject. And he takes it upon himself to become that subject, assuring his research team's assistance by telling them that they have been approved by the board of directors to do so. But something goes wrong and Caine gets trapped in his invisibility cloak; and as he and his team struggle to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it's too late, everything starts to put a damper on Caine's mind. And suddenly, his fear of losing funding and control becomes insignificant as he faces the imminent danger of losing much more. Now there is a real possibility that he can lose everything - including himself. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven has created what is initially an exciting, even inspiring film; establishes a good rhythm and uses the F / X at his disposal with great effect, even if it tends to allow visual effects to overwhelm the development of the character. Anyone familiar with "The Invisible Man", or indeed anyone who logically follows the progression of the story, will soon know that Caine is not destined for happy moments. However, Verhoeven has a narrative style that will certainly capture attention and engage his audience. But he seems intent on running towards orgasm, and along the road that abandons every nuance that made his film so successful, opting to enter a final sequence that is nothing but a senseless blood-and-blood fest that betrays his audience and everything he worked for before in the film. Rather than seeking an intelligent solution to Caine's suffering, and using a little inventiveness and imagination to bring the film to its inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven takes the low path, and although it may be successful on a purely visceral level, any meaning can be derived from history it dissolves like so many ashes in the wind, along with everything that would have made this film memorable. And it's a shame, because Verhoeven has a higher level than what is offered in this genre, and allows it to sink uselessly to a much lower one. <br /> <br /> Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a character that is believable, even if only on the surface, that seems to serve Verhoeven's goals perfectly. There is little depth in the portrait of Bacon, but it has more to do with the agenda of his director than with his own acting skills. Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon to devote time to developing Caine to any extent; the character is primarily a ship around which Verhoeven can build his story, and towards that end, it works. The film would have been better served, however, Verhoeven and Bacon collaborated more closely by developing at least a bond between Caine and the audience that would have aroused emotional involvement in the viewers' viewpoint, something that would have attracted them a bit, rather than leaving them to gate, so to speak, as mere observers of a folkloric show of F / X. <br /> <br /> Elisabeth Shue recomposes herself well in the role of Linda McKay, compliant compliant of Caine in the illustrious fatal experiment, but it is basically a thankless part that offers a little challenge, especially for an actor of the caliber of Shue. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 film, "Things Behind the Sun"). His character, Sarah Kennedy, does little more than support the action and F / X. Both actors are able to do much more, and they deserve better than what they were given to work here. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). Entertaining a point, and even successfully on a certain (low) level, "Hollow Man" is one of those films that lets you contemplate what could have been. Like an annual fireworks show, it will give you temporary shivers, but after a while it will start to get confused with all the others you've seen, with nothing special to distinguish. And it's a shame, because given the talent and skills of the people involved here, it could have been much more. I consider this 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
