Vampires Vs. Zombi begins with the latest news that the unidentified disease that is spreading in America leaves the sufferer with murderous and cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio while driving along the isolated streets behind the scenes to try to escape the illness when Travis runs on a boy who I assume is destined to be a zombie. A little further down the road stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) who are waving to the side of the road, at this point there is also a third girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) sitting in the back of Julia's machine tied and gagged. For me this situation would seem strange, but Travis, like the soldier he is, takes everything quickly and agrees to "remove" Carmilla from Julia's hands and, well, I don't really know. So, with a complete stranger, Travis leaves leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmilla looks like a good girl, but she turns out to be a vampire and likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, oh and she's partial to some lesbianism too. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel while a guy who calls himself The General (Peter Ruginis) who seems to be a sort of vampire killer and probably has something to do with all this but the film is such a disaster that in reality it's not so important & I really don't know how to carry on this plot because my head hurts just thinking about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, produced by co-producers, written and directed by the supremely untalented Vince D Amato Vampires vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror films of all time and therefore one of the worst films of all time. The screenplay by D'Amato was apparently based on a classic story entitled "Carmilla" by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and it is an absolute disaster, the holes in the plot and logic are so big that you can drive a tank through of them! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia for her? Who the hell is the general? What he wants? Where are Travis and Jenna going? How can Travis manage a man and yet not have the slightest human feeling about it? What does the mental department have to do with the end? There are also some confusing and useless dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more. There are so many things wrong with this film, fiction has no sense of the blind, the concept is terrible and has never been properly explained, and it's incredibly boring. I don't have a positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget the Vampires fighting the zombies because it just doesn't happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires vs.. Zombies? <br /> <br /> The director D'Amato has made one of the most incompetent, garbage, badly made, terrible and terribly painful experiences that have ever been made. Vampires Vs. The zombies don't really have any redeeming qualities, there isn't a single aspect that I can praise. The gore is really fake, there are some blood symbols that look like red water, some really cheap staking effects and a half-decent climax in which the zombies feast on the intestines of Carmilla and Jenna, this pretty bloody scene is probably the best of all miserable films but lasts only a couple of minutes and in no way compensates for the other turgid 85. <br /> <br /> The budget on Vampires vs. The zombies must have been small, in fact it even has a budget because most of them are set on a road in a couple of cars. This is one of the most abused horror movies it was my misfortune to watch, the whole thing sucks. The acting is predictably terrible, and I mean terrible. <br /> <br /> Not much else to say, Vampires vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst films ever made. The (V) next to the title on the main IMDb page for Vampires vs. Zoimbies indicates that he went directly to the video, well this is too good for this pile of shit because it deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
