First of all I have to underline how rare it is to take the time to comment on a film I saw, it takes me a very special case to take the time and write about how I felt about a movie. That said, of the hundreds of movies I've seen I've seen some of the brightest, Shawshank, the scariest, The Woman in Black, the most fun, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs.. Zombies. <br /> <br /> The first thing that needs to be said is that this movie is not funny! For those who are looking for a film with a tender heart that will only be fun or at least so bad that it's fun, look elsewhere. It is true that a film like this is not trying to be subtle and ingenious, with a title like this you should know what you're going for. That said, there is no excuse for a film that abandons all the rules that govern the world of cinema. This is not a topic between the traditional film production process and newer and more "artistic" methods of creating a film, this is a topic among bad directors and companies that are held responsible for making terrible films. <br /> <br /> This the film suffers from the too-used saying "I don't know where to start". Actually everything about this movie is broken. From acting and editing there is no reason why a film should never fail to offer a series of cohesive events like Vampires vs.. Zombies. Some of the following problems are; 1. Scene misfires - It is clear that the director, television crew and actors were not on the same page. In one scene, in particular, the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground looking at the passenger door of a car. You expect the person inside to come out, but there is a, and this is NOT an exaggeration, 10 seconds, at least, the delay between the camera turns on and the director says "action" where something happens on the screen. The viewer remained staring at the door of the car all the time without any sound, no movement, only the stereotypical "dead air" that radio or television commentators fear. Where was the editing? 2. Acting - A crime forgivable in most cases, a film like this cannot be expected to have Oscar winners, but Vampires vs. Zombies behaves badly at another level. These "actors" were barely able to read their scripts, obviously because anyone with the ability to read and speak would be able to pronounce the lines better than these fools. My only comparison for acting should be the opening scene of Resident Evil on Playstation. But that acting was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- History - Wait, what? History? Once again you cannot expect this to be the greatest story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have some semblance of fiction? Why the Vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good guys? Why all the lesbians? But above all, what is the problem with zombies? If you have seen this movie you will understand what I mean, but for those that I will not, I will be clear, there are no zombies in this film except for maybe five minutes. It was almost as if the director had forgotten the name of the film and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation at the end. <br /> <br /> There is much more, but I hope I have done enough to prevent anyone from seeing this movie.
