Although in reality it is not such a terrible film (especially considering that it was made directly for television distribution), it will be very difficult to highlight an aspect of "Bloodsuckers" that is actually original or refreshing. Vampires in space are not exactly a new formula, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular setting, no one yet seems to realize that it's an incredibly stupid premise that can never turn out to be a half-horror movie. "Bloodsuckers" still goes a step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable film that revolves around vampires and intergalactic war. The plot and the characters were mainly stolen from "Ghens of Mars" by John Carpenter and "Aliens" by James Cameron, while a group of futuristic vampire hunters are crusading through space and held regularly to eliminate a mutated species called especially after the notorious horror icons like the Voorhees and Leatherfaces. Good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes that constantly deal with cliché problems and constantly discuss terribly insignificant topics. Captain Damian is the unpopular newcomer, who will really have to demonstrate his leadership skills now after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much more beloved) Captain Churchill. The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy style and triggers a happy macho pilot, a tough warrior with more balls than all the males on board (he is of Asian descent, like the girl of "Aliens" was Latin) and the most armed of the precious weapon secret weapon: a Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen the side of humans. He can spot enemies when they are still light years away and can even do evil and sexy things with someone's wet dreams. In the end everyone learns to work as a team when they are forced to face the last evil vampire: Michael Ironside (in another downgrade role). "Bloodsuckers" is a hopelessly stupid film, but manages to entertain as long as it is characterized by bloody killings, childhood dialogues and OTT makeup effects. It becomes tediously intolerably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and blah blah blah. This film is an incessant series of lame clichés and non-creative ideas, but at least it's watchable.
