Man has been in the farthest parts of the earth and is now traveling to new worlds. But with the new worlds come ancient evils ... space vampires. And not just a handful but whole tribes. In this film (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers" but I think it also goes in the role of "Vampires Wars") let's see what happens when the imperial earthlings meet the imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review very short because it does not deserve a good review. The best I can say for this film is that it has a good b-list and upcoming star cast. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and was much more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Mucus, and he is always a favorite fan (as I say, it's poor Jack Nicholson). And we also have that Carrie-Ann Fleming is the "wife of Damian", which horror fans will now recognize as the namesake Jenifer of "Jenifer" by Dario Argento. So this film, as bad as it is, is not without some attached names ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing of vampires in space it's not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of "cheese" and this movie falls hard. The acting, especially of the vampires, is exaggerated and I have not found the explanations of their existence very convincing. Worse still, the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that this should have been a clever reference for horror fans, but he wasn't smart at all. It just sounded stupid and out of place (unlike the much slimmer references in "Slither" by James Gunn, such as shop names after lesser known horror directors). <br /> <br /> This is all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (I can't and I come from Wisconsin on this day) and I want to see average actors with poor costumes fight vampires in space (even if "space" looks a lot like any other forest on earth) check this, if can you find it. I don't recommend it personally when you can watch other movies about cheese vampires (the "Vampires" by Jon Carpenter) or other space films. Or maybe even some good ones. But, hey, do your thing.
