I saw this a couple of nights ago, I didn't expect too much and, obviously, it didn't produce anything too exciting. The plot of a crew of vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire hygiene), walking around their spaceship periodically killing space vampires and saving people, is pretty solid and the film was managed better could have been something of enough ace. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the sense of actual quality begins to fade from the film, leaving something behind that, although vacant, is rather ridiculous. I don't expect anything too special from these films appearing on the Sci Fi channel and at least this was not one of their characters with a bizarre wild beast around, but it was still pretty ugly, mostly due to writing and acting, but with an exceptional contribution to the overall nastiness produced by the horrible music. When the film opted only for a typical science fiction, the strange noises approach the soundtrack that it did well, but too often incredibly bad soft rock has intruded and launched scenes of stupidity. I would have tolerated acting and genre writing in general if it hadn't been for the choice of music, which was a serious misjudgment, turning shoddy things into comically petty ones. Of the acting, Dominic Zamprogna was OK but insignificant as the nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was rather irritating as the tough girl on the vampire team and Aaron Pearl played with another member who was not well written or interesting enough to give an impression . Even though she didn't look so good in the theatrical attitude, Natassia Malte was well able to have a less irritating character than others and the fact that she was seriously nice to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside and he is underutilized even though he does it very well, rather amusing in a way that one of the suspects was intentional. He seems to have fun and earn his salary and his role is fun. The effects are OK overall, they are at least standards of the average science fiction program, and there are also some scenes of blood splatter and some cold blood. Things move well, and I almost feel bad about classifying this movie badly, but then I remember bursting out laughing at regular intervals and realizing that unless the movie is an intentional comedy, which I don't think it is, then I just don't it makes you succeed Too lame, stupid, unconvincing, it's a fair effort, but I don't think I liked it. Try it only if you really dug the Sci Fi garbage or the involuntary laughs I would say.
