Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a rather decent film, the concept of military types tracking down and fighting vampires in space is one with some potential in the tastiest realm of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of various different vampire races, all with different attributes, many of which the characters have yet to find out, is quite nice. As for the way most of life in the galaxy outside the Earth is a vampire, I'm not sure how the producers intended to make it work, given the nature of vampires. Who the hell are destined to feed themselves if almost everyone is a vampire I don't know. As the film comes across a low budget mix of Firefly / Serenity films and vampires with a pinch of Aliens. <br /> <br /> The action parts of the film are rather mediocre and derivative (in particular of Serenity) but passable - they are reasonably well executed and there is enough blood for a vampire movie, including some of the comic variety of blood that flows. There is a lot of character stuff, most of which is boring, which comes from conflicts between characters that seem mostly furry and immature whining, especially cowboy and Asian woman. There are some scenes of characters that really work and the actors don't sound too bad, but they generally slow things down. A nice attempt to give shape to the characters but people don't watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. Acting is actually ok. Michael Ironside sums it up and is fun to watch as always and at least a couple of women are hot. The SFX space is not bad for what is clearly a low budget job. The story is again quite average and derivative, but as I said the created world has some potential. The way things are set Bloodsucker really looks like the pilot of a TV series - introduced the dynamics of the characters, the world introduced but not explored, etc. <br /> <br /> The film has some highlights and moments of scratching - the kind of material that really makes these prodigious things look at. -The scene in which our heroes question a puppet-like creature talking puppet. Funny. - The "sex scene". WTF really. -The credit "And Michael Ironside as Mucus." The most annoying aspect of it all, however, is the really horrible and usually inappropriate pop music that they played very loudly for half the scenes in the movie. It is painful to listen and only deduct what is average at best. <br /> <br /> Basically, an okay watch is for something poor, even if it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
