Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland in the role of blind Lilly, the film's script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), becoming blind after a car accident, is on the run for himself and his destiny. Lilly, having been blind since her birth, is a teacher for blind people, and wants to make him "see" again. (Blind people are seeing with their fingers, nose and ears.) Here this film is becoming a movie; and the longer the road becomes, the closer their relationship is, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The director is on his mother's road (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia by the sea and makes art installations - of course, what should she do with others! - and she still lives, because she is waiting for her son, to die. My God! These are destinies! <br /> <br /> Finally the son has arrived! Mom celebrates a big party! At the beach. The wind blows and a pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they are celebrating his farewell. The son arrives just in time. Mom can finally swallow the pills given by a nice nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of his great son artist, speaking sad contemplations on living in perfect German, while his son is responding with a rough accent. Since the child is not able to see, he does not fall in love with the nurse, - even the script of the film would have become too complicated! - but he's looking for Lilly on the way home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this roadmovie, Lilly's sister, staying at home is asking a clumsy schoolmate to shame her, which must first get upset with courage. The occasion is favorable Because the mother (Tina Engel) is traveling together with Lilly's lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They're looking for Lilly, to bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mother do not fall in love, because the film's script would have become too complicated. The movie script lacked to make Paul something exceptional. I would recommend an architect or pianist or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her, go back to Paul, because she has two eyes to see and is able to take care of her. But Lilly felt in love with his pupil, the theater director; Did I mention that he was also a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German film art! As can be seen in this pretentious production, the German film grant fund does not always produce good films, because it subsidizes precisely this type of pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the script of the film was cobbled together by some intellectuals in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute with an idea. Probably Til Schweiger also contributed with some intellectual intellectuals, being a co-producer. I was reminded by this film script of another German film of absolute pain: "Barfuss" - the spelling of the title is not right yet! The cover of the "Barfuss" DVD writes with pride: "A Til Schweiger Film". This film also received subsidies from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please don't ruin your time with this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Watch out for directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
