The Invisible Man is a fantastic film from 1933, an avant-garde film for its time in which objects seemed to rest on a man who was truly invisible. Go ahead, take a look at the movie, you'll be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first real special effects film. Come 2000, computerized special effects seem like child's play, the public is not wiped out by special effects, but they are disappointed if they are not done well. The special effects in Hollow Man, the update to the HG Wells story, are OK, but not the biggest problem with this Paul Verhoeven-directed film, which you could remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist who delights in the world of bio-invisibility (yes, I know it's not a word), but of course he's fighting against the tallest who are threatening to take away the team's funding. So, as the characters in the movies that are going to have the funds cut are inclined to do, he makes the maximum sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibility process (yes, I know, I used that non-word again). The process has disastrous consequences, no Caine does not die, but instead becomes a violent and horny creature, alias a type. Now that he is invisible, Caine chases a sexy neighbor, a colleague, ex-girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who took away his funding. Then a funny thing happens, Caine becomes a new supernatural being, "The Thing That Will Not Die". Laughing in the face of all that is natural, Caine faces death and spits in his face, as it takes hours to kill this creature, dragging the end of the film. The film is silly, stupid and, finally, laughable in the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are good chances in Hollow Man, but of course, none of them is explored. For a more interesting look at an invisible being, prepare yourself for good old-fashioned black and white cinema and take a look at 1933 Invisible Man. Kevin Bacon will still be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
