Ghost Town begins as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives down a deserted road, her car suddenly breaks and she hears the horses' hooves approach ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called to investigate the disappearance of Kate after her the father tells her that she has disappeared. He finds her in a broken car and escapes looking for her, unfortunately even his car breaks down and he has to walk. Langley ends up in a deserted ghost town, to his surprise Langley soon discovers that it is literally a ghost town populated by the ghosts of his former residents and is run by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons never explained and touches in Langley save her and finish the curse of the cities ... <br /> <br /> The one and only directorial effort of Richard Governor, this strange film didn't do much for me and I didn't like it that much. The screenplay by Duke Sandefur tries to mix the horror and western genres that has no effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no more hybrid western horror movies out there? Well, neither do I, but if I had to ask me such a question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it's not very good. The two genres do not combine well. There are a lot of clichés, on the western side of things there are the innocent citizens who have to scare to face a gang of thugs that terrifies them, the throws out in the main street, the saloon bars with swing doors and upstairs prostitutes & horror wise there are a lot of cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses and some violent killings. I was simply very disappointed with this, I suppose there is nothing terribly wrong with that, other than that it's just boring and the two genders don't sit together so well. There are also some holes in the plot, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know he looked like his previous girlfriend, but how did he know and what would he do with her anyway? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, I mean what keeps them there and what made them come back as ghosts? Then there's a bit at the end where Devlin after being hit says he can't be killed just for Langley to kill him a few seconds later, I mean, why didn't the bullets work in the first place? <br /> <br /> The regent governor is fine, there is a nice horror film atmosphere with some scattered sets of well-lit spiderwebs and the standard city of western Hollywood is represented here with a central street with aligned wooden buildings on both sides. I wouldn't say it's scary because it's not, there's not a lot of tension or the film drags on in places even though it only has a little over 80 odd minutes. Forget about a little blood, there are some gunshot wounds, a blow after the fact that two people with a throat cut each other and someone is impaled with a metal shaft and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have guessed that the budget was rather small here, is reasonably well done and is competent if nothing else. Credit in which the credit is due to the period in which the costumes and the sets are quite good. The acting is fine, but nobody will win any prize. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange film, I'm not really sure who is meant to appeal and it certainly didn't attract me. Anyone looking for a western will be annoyed by the stupid elements of horror, while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored by Western elements. It's something a little different, but that doesn't mean it's good, it's worth looking at if you're desperate but don't destroy an instinct to see it.
