I had a recent experience as a spectator with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer suggestion engine suggested I watch this movie. Apparently, at one point, I said how much I liked Michael Haneke, Benny's Video. I don't know about you, but this parallelism was caused in me by a vortex of emotion and excitement for the Thomas C. Dunn film and made it practically impossible to refuse my time. Just this kind of recommendation from NetFlix's computer intelligence, for me, had the bar of aesthetic / moral film set to such a high level that, reflecting, it represented something practically unfinished in every film produced in the year 2007. <br /> <br /> Having preceded my response to the film in this way, I intend to continue to discard this image as poorly executed and trivial; and I really hate doing it because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, is not just one of the most interesting faces in contemporary cinema, but also one of his most overlooked and undervalued shielding talents in the United States. I am more than moderately worried that the poor man lacks the ship of fame if he continues to fiddle with filmmakers of the first hour like this. <br /> <br /> The Perfect Witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, around thirty, still lives with her mother ("Aren't you drinking again in the area?"), but is a "director" or at least a sort of street-level voyeur with a board for aspiring Johns in the squalid alleyways of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. Over there, doing his private exercises as an investigator, Micky "inadvertently" records a brutal murder on an unfortunate young man in his twenties with his camcorder. Discovering that flair and cinema as cultural currency can be equated with his ticket from the white urban ghetto (and not the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who put the money for his atrocious films), Micky approaches the assailant, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also accepts a credit for writing) or "Mac the Knife"? and blackmails the murderer to make a documentary about his murderous impulses, keeping this video found on the attacker with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this film is not that there are no interesting ideas because they do it. While both writing and directing are amateur, this alone does not make a film negative. Is that these guys engage rather badly that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which almost every person in the free world with access to a private computer can access the web and grasp the truth of the action of a beheading on the their small Mac or PC. No film is based more on the value of shock (unless, ironically, it is not a film about animal torture) and therefore cinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital each year that passes . Furthermore, we have this amazing actor-talent in the role of all kinds of fashionable people: his two-inch beard and his hat with the small banknote on it, backwards, just like the high-school doggie he longed for the after potential services of my primary love interest ?? same boy who now calls himself a "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I am an artist", "I am a director". All right. Please continue with that shtick, Cronnie. Looks like you bought a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And go ahead, you can wear all the accents of a "creative" but don't expect the best to respond to you, to follow your character below the average in your two-hour movie while taking down the career of Wes Bentley. Because we don't let history talk about what you do, director boy. My hypothesis is that the story will have said something about it, probably not as good as you think. And yes, the chances are that you will blame your dear ole but, it will end up like our man Micky here in The Perfect Witness; slapped and covered in your friend's blood with a video camera in his hand. Great.
