Another day stuck at home, another movie to watch. Having finally completed my Christmas purchases on a cold and foggy afternoon, I had nowhere else to go to escape "the land forgotten by time". Or rather, I had nothing else to look at. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, the main actors' bastion, leads a handful of allied sailors sunk by a U-Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. Capturing the U-Boat (in a scene that challenges logic and right), they eventually find themselves on an unknown island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together, they explore the earth and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before they become permanent residents of the land that Time has forgotten? <br /> <br /> Despite being made a few years before "Star Wars", these films are light years away in terms of special effects. The model's shots are a little better than anything you'd expect to see in an episode of "Stingray" by Gerry Anderson and the creatures aren't even the best. When the T-Rex (which I assume is what he was) was killed, he fell in the same way that zombies do when you kill them - frozen halfway and collapsing, arms and legs stretched out like a sleeping cow which is been pushed over. Of course, the sets are not bad, but the bad acting and the endless sounds of the explosion (which all look the same) do their best to ruin the credibility and enjoyment of the picture as a whole. The characters are neither credible nor worthy of your understanding as they shoot their guns seemingly at anything that moves. In the end, I didn't care if they left the island or not and when the end came, I was more relieved than amused. <br /> <br /> The costumes are quite authentic until the cavemen arrive and they are bearskin bikinis and linen cloths all around. And although it was quite obvious from their actions, you would not have known that some characters were German by their accents. The whole lacked a bit of shine and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in places and not confused in others. Overall, this movie barely records a wave of excitement these days, although it may be possible to find some little fun trying to figure out where Colin Farrell is. I identified his name in the credits and I almost expected a child to appear with an Irish accent and suspicious facial hair. Oh good. Nothing particularly nice to see here, but it's okay if you're eating your lunch and time prevents further activities.
