I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited because I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, horror movies and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew it was a low budget, but I didn't expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a great, undervalued band, The Horrorpops, reforming their song, Where They Wander, and promptly killed in various gruesome ways. It is a great opening. But the problem is that, until the end, this was really all that the film was. A live performance, a death. Another live performance, A Death. Become old. And there is an excessive use (literally) of intestines in the scenes of death. Why doesn't the killer use other parts of the body, such as the legs, eyeballs or the brain? Don't get me wrong, this movie has some parts that are fantastic. Like the hardcore French band, known simply as BERET, the prospect of a band called Atticus, the scene that contains a performance of members of The Used and Simple Plan playing together, since no band has had enough members to play their show, and Bowling For Soup's proud and overweight guitarist is killed in a very hilarious way, which I will save for future watchers of this movie. But the big problem I have with this film is the first comedian, but after a while, the terrible lack of acting talent in many of the "actors". Especially the creator of Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman. He tries a lot, but I suspect he didn't want to make the film, but he was obliged by contract or something. In addition to that, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The film's resolution plot is very confusing and very casual. something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman like the devil. In conclusion, this film has many good qualities, but not enough to be close to a decent horror, music or comedy movie. Even if I have to give myself credit for turning into some bands that I would never have listened to, otherwise. Like Tsunami Bomb and Phenomonauts (a crazy Psychobilly band). I advise you to rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, look at the next 20 or 30, if you still like it, then look. If not, go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. Their rock! Long live Punk Rock and Horror!
