This film can be labeled as a case study. It is not just the fact that it denotes an unhealthy and artistic lust for everything that could be defined as caco-images. The author lives with the impression that her sweetened revolt against some generic and childishly defined social ills ("Moldova is the poorest region of Europe", "I don't believe a comma in avian flu", "the Romanian people steals because they are poor, the Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but it is definitely off target! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to pose as a just person - a minimum of professionalism, talent and intelligence is also required to transpose this position into an artistic product. Fortunately, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much acumen as a family video with Uncle Gogu getting drunk drunk in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, which randomly brings together various half-people, in an illiterate attempt to suggest a sort of story. The management is pathetically amateur - the so-called "director" is not able to build at least a mediocre staging, his shots are annoyingly embarrassing, and every sense of narrative shines for total absence. (Of course, any comment is forced to stop at this level: it would be ridiculous to talk about concepts like "film language", "means of expression" or "style"). The acting is positively the level "Cântarea României" ("The singing of Romania"), with the exception of ... paradoxically, the football goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, which is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a genuine freshness, but is compromised by the amateur indications given by Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious side of this crime for decent cinema is the fact that the production has received heavy funding from the national budget, through the CNC (the National Cinematography Council). The fact that long-standing dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for government breasts is understandable (in a market-based economy, they would be immediately eliminated through natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that squanders the country's money on such a ridiculous lack of non-art, non-cinema and non-culture belongs to the criminal camp.
