Rather than moving linearly from beginning to end, this plot of an AIDS-stricken gay couple "orbits" over time around their "perfect day". The film is organized as a life remembered in asynchronous fragments rather than in a sequential flow as one experienced directly. <br /> <br /> The narrative has its lyrical moments, particularly in describing the impact of anticipated or lived loss. Dialogue unfortunately lacks this grace. The script often forces the actors to say surprisingly stupid or insensitive things that at the moment seem completely out of character. At their second chance meeting, clearly in love, the sensitive Phillip encourages a reluctant Guy to tell him about his difficult week. But when Guy starts to open up, Phillip, a senior Englishman, bursts out "You're not a crisis fairy, are you?" Later, looking at the naked and chiseled body of his lover crossing the bedroom towards him, our young lover Shakespeare begins to make the beauty of the moment with the words: "The way you cut the space ... Not I can't even describe it "- but the verbal skills to complete his thinking are missing. This type of drivel continues through the scenes of Hospice AIDS, bejeweled with phrases like: "What made me think that death would be all ordered and tied with ribbons?" and "Make Florence Nightingale similar to Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a livid lack of subtlety. The unlikely characters are much more shocking and crushed by the steam than they should be. Phillip's completely annoying friends - an arrogant brat of the trust fund and a whining, needy dweeb - keep a caustic diatribe going on all those who cross their path. This sensation could offer the writer a wealth of opportunities for intelligent social commentary, but unfortunately their observations are simply unpleasant, dishonored by intelligence or intuition. It is difficult to know if our scriptwriter intentionally created intellectually limited characters or if he simply managed the perimeter of his grid. <br /> <br /> The plot could be what most attracts and resonates with those who praise this film. Seriously explores the gay life of the American middle class of the 1980s: first encounters, courtship, mating, nesting, complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. It leads Phelan and Spirtas to give good and good performances making complex characters over time. Their attractive appearance helps explain both the chemistry that holds these two elements together through insensitivity and selfishness, and the chemistry that helped some viewers to overlook the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to cut the plot arc into small fragments and present them in out-of-sequence flashbacks added complexity without any obvious dramatic utility, and in many cases left the sequence and therefore the implications of a given event unclear. <br /> <br /> Could I recommend the film? For the picky for literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For the mere spectators who seriously need a catharsis that survived AIDS or the mood for a tear gas canister guilty of pleasure with a little sugar for the eyes thrown in, maybe. But better written alternatives that explore the impact of AIDS on the reports of that era include: Philadelphia, and the band played, longtime companion, Angels in America, An early frost, Parting glances, Love! Value! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
