Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, several years have been awarded for this title) is a Hong Kong woman veteran of Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer's Omen, Payment in Blood etc.) In prison movie produced by the legendary Shaw Brothers. Yes, they too have got their hands on low-exploitation ailments like this, and Bamboo is certainly among the worst attempts of the whole genre, even if compared to the Western attempts that usually disfigure compared to oriental films! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp where Chinese women are brutalized, raped and raped by bad Japanese (what else?) during the Second World War. The girls also know a secret place where a full box of gold is hidden and they also learn that a Chinese military officer raised in Japan (the loose Lo Lieh veteran) is currently an undercover agent among other Japanese and naturally helps the girls to escape hell. The following are sequences full of free nudity, female kung fu, torture, gore, sleaze and extremely offensive anti-Japan attitudes that make this film pure and honest junk that doesn't even try to be more than it is. > <br /> There are very few interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls. Occasional photography, especially in the end, looks beautiful with its sunbeams and its wonderful nature, but it's right in the merit department. The fighting scenes are many and always include the half-naked females who hit and kick each other. The general violence is sometimes quite ugly with several bullet wounds, scenes of misogynistic torture (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the floor full of broken glass etc.) And an extremely repugnant and moral ending behind it. Of course, it's stupid to talk about "morality" when writing about this kind of film, but there are still elements that I won't accept to find in any film. <br /> <br /> The film also has some fun aspects of turkey elements for sure! For example, the gold box, full of heavy gold, seems suspiciously light, as the weak and suffering girls don't seem to have any problem lifting it and moving it, let alone throwing it! Even the numerous scenes of "skin fight" make this smile smile to junk cinema fans. I saw the same director Killer Snakes (1973) who is ten times more noteworthy than a piece and although he has many snakes alive for real, it is also visually more interesting and shows us some unpleasant sides of the other side of the big city and society. Moreover, it is a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls also suffered a censorship, which is no surprise considering the subject. The full version (dubbed in a non-English language) published in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, manages 104 PAL minutes while the cut, the dubbed print in English published in Holland, Belgium and Greece, lasts only 84 minutes in PAL . From what I've heard, the cut scenes are not just violence or other graphic things but also dialogues and "plot development" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is the trash cinema in its most shabby form and certainly something I would not have liked to see from Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject are much more interesting and noteworthy than this rather ridiculous piece of film exploitation, calculated and worthless. 2/10
