Usually I am not given the hyperbole, but after seeing over two decades of Academy awards, I can honestly say that the prize awarded this year was the most shameful example of bad direction, total cruelty and pure stupidity that have ever had the misfortune to testify. I am not talking about the same awards - as usual, there is a lot to discuss about when the person who won, who lost and who was never named was composed, but the process is how it has always been and is right as it is liable to be. What is terribly unfair is the treatment of both the "stars" and the "non stars" received at the hands of Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing boredom". <br /> <br /> It is bad enough that for the past few years no one who is not Al Pacino has been "interpreted" at 45 seconds with no regard for what he was saying, how he was saying it, and what the excitement was behind the statement. Demonstrate nothing but a total lack of respect, however, to send nominations on the stage like cattle without paying them the honor of showing their faces while their names are read, of making them crawl away silently when they lose, of denying them shudder a walk on the podium and force them to read their statements with their backs to the public. All these things have been done to the "non-stars" - it doesn't matter that the movies wouldn't exist at all without those artists and that most of them always have a chance to face their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars did not go much better. It becomes increasingly sad that fun when winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg a few more seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as a guest, was neither as inflammatory nor controversial as the Academy had hoped, nor nearly as fun as could be. His opening remarks were almost (but not entirely) so offensive as Sean Penn had done, and his comments during the show were more harmless than interesting. Of course, he couldn't be blamed when it was clear he was being kept on a leash like no other. In the end, Chris Rock was something he had never been before: a non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were poorly managed. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason why she should have been included in three of the five songs. Another example of total disrespect for an artist was giving the song nominated by Jorge Drexler to Antonio Banderas - even though Drexler was present and clearly would never have dealt with singing his song, based on his winning "speech". <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz's efforts to make the show shorter and faster may have worked to some extent, but what came out was a lifeless show. We have all whined about too long speeches given by people we do not know, of exaggerated production, of self-celebratory quality. But this is THEIR night, not ours. What should be a celebration has become an insult to the people being celebrated. Cates and Horvitz should, sincerely, be ashamed.
