John Hughes wrote a lot of great comedies in the 1980s. "European vacation" is not one of these. The follow-up to Hughes's first big hit "Vacation" (1983) is predictable, not as fun and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love the stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed "Vacation" and the third movie, "Christmas Vacation" from 1989, but the trip to Europe of the Griswolds is bland and forced. Perhaps because this was the first attempt at a sequel to Hughes that he hadn't understood it, but it's really amazing how uninspired and devoid of a "European Vacation" story. There is no whole story: the Griswolds win a game show to be "greedy little pigs" and take a tour of Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the unbridled physical humor that is the trademark of the first loses all effect because you see it coming, which is the fault of director Amy Heckerling. The director of "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" defines everything too predictably. <br /> <br /> Perhaps it was Hughes who made an economic coup because it was put on the sequel. "European Vacation" is very proud to insult Americans (remember the greedy pig game they win), especially tourists, represented by the Griswold basketball family. He also fondles himself in the back saying "oh we Griswolds, we're always getting into something because our father is an idiot". Then, almost comically, it ends with a tribute to America and how grateful the Griswolds are to return to such a better country. If Hughes was going to the satire and intended to do it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should assign this 8/10 star. <br /> <br /> It is not only the insanity, but "European Vacation" boasts the two worst actors to play the children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and hateful, with the unattractive and noisy Audrey mumbling about the boyfriend who left almost the whole movie. Hughes even gets his comment on his lack while watching a giant bratwurst. Fairly fine. By the way, breasts are projected into two different scenes for no good reason (unless it was to comment on Americans' love for free nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I will give the film one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python crew, whose cameo in some different places in the film where he plays the lines directly from "Holy Grail" is the funniest part . If Hughes intended for us to find one of the only non-American actors in the film as the only fun part, then another suggestion for him to have opened the belly of Hollywood comedy in the 80s. Still, would it hurt him to do it while it made him funny?
