I'm a big fan of Pacino's movies. He is one of, if not the best, actors of this kind. However, this film could have been much better even though it had a poor cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to prison. Instead it seemed that this was just one of the many stories that could be told to Carlito. All or even some of the questions about his past that we asked ourselves in the original could have been answered. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only way to make this film. Instead we get this prequel which has almost NO ONE of the original characters in it, a character that plays a different part from the original (horrible move) and a totally different love interest for Carlito. Don't even get me started with Puffy. In no way can I take that cat seriously as a gangster after seeing him dance in all his artist videos. Evertytime that guy opened his mouth I was waiting for him to start dancing. It made me laugh if nothing else. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he would give a lackluster performance because of his recent history. He did quite well. It was probably the most "credible" of the whole cast, in my opinion. Jay Hernandez has done his best but does not have the skills right now in his career to take on this role. I appreciated his energy and his efforts though. Difficult to follow Pacino. The only way you could get a clue as to what kind of person Carlito was, is to look at the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded murderer in one scene, then one unrestrained without a thorn in the other. He was one of the meanest gangsters of his time, but in this movie you would only see flashes. Perhaps this is a pitiful way for Hollywood to try to make a second prequel to cash this failure. It wouldn't surprise me. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this film has fallen very fast or what could have been. The only reason I gave a 3 is because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples earned me a little respect. A serious director should have taken this film and actually put the time into the story and turned it into a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. They would have done better to turn it into a mini series on HBO and actually tell the story as the original suggests. At the end of the film, they had the courage to suggest that Carlito should have returned to the city. HEELLLO .... this is the part that everyone wants to see !!! Then again, this is just my opinion. I can't tell you how to waste your money.
