Where can I start? I heard that this movie was coming out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of the original Carlito's Way and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like almost all the other sequels that come out in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy was I wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. Don't say that all the sequels are bad, but this is the problem with Hollywood these days, they make too many sequels and remakes and rush them. This was not a theatrical version, it is a DVD version. Yet, in my opinion, there was no reason to do so. After hearing that this film was in progress, I later heard that Pacino was not there. He immediately killed every chance that this movie had to be good. Why did I check this movie, so some of you might ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see it so I did. I don't only watch films of which I have high expectations, I had low expectations of this obviously. I just wanted to see if he would have anything relevant in it. Now, if any of you reading this is a Carlito's Way fan, you know that a lot of the story in the first one has to do with him going to jail. <br /> <br /> * VERY LITTLE SPOILER * I won't ruin anything, because this could actually make you waste 2 hours looking at this garbage. All I will say is that, at the end of Carlito's Way 2, we don't see Carlito going to prison. Now, I don't know any of you, but I would have thought that a Carlitos Way prequel would show how he ended up in prison. I even had an interest in actually seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, this is not my only problem with the film. The actor who played Carlito didn't do too bad a job, but he couldn't have saved this movie if he had tried. There aren't even all those little things that should be thrown in there that Carlito's Way fans would like. You don't see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first, I would have liked to see something like that. What is even worse is Luis Guzman in this film, yet he does not play the same character he plays in the first film. A big mistake on their part, because he launched the same actor for a different character, made the film even worse than it already was. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, I'm a fan of Carlito's Way, this new version directly on DVD is a disgrace. If you are a fan, don't watch this upcoming movie with high expectations. This film has done practically nothing for me, and it's definitely a movie I won't collect on DVD, or I'll never watch again.
