Well, I've given away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I'll never come back to this piece of junk. I heard someone online describe the villains of this film as "subhuman cannibals", and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like the descent. MISTAKEN! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong plot. These villains are totally unrealistic and no part of their performance is pleasant to watch. This film is not so controversial, I saw this blood level in many films. This flat movie sucks. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she is very sexy (but she isn't), her admirer and her admirer's friend (no, I don't remember their names) go to the woods. Their car breaks down. They are advised to leave by a man named Mark. The blonde becomes unreasonably hysterical and the next morning they can't find the admirer's friend. The admirer impales his foot (whoops!). Don't worry, he is much more upset when his car does not start more than when it is impaled by nails. After a nanosecond of persuasion, the blonde walks away to find help. Events follow that I cannot remember. During this and throughout the film, we are shown grotesque torture scenes without any substance, including the one that made me vomit. The blonde goes to save the admirer from the house of the cannibals (even if all that is seen eating is the intestine, which logically would be the last choice for the real cannibals to eat since they contain real food). The blonde finds the admirer wounded and works very hard (without success) to cry. Then you have a good laugh when the blonde is at home and announces that she can "think about them". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that the cannibals are his family. Then there is a bit of shooting, they leave the house, the shots continue, then a boy appears at random and says he is watching them. Before they shoot him, we are shown a scene inspired by the acid journey of multiple killings. The blonde or her admirer shoots him because he didn't help them. There's more murder, the admirer professes his love for the blonde. So a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does this imply? I don't know, hopefully it's not a sequel.
