When, X-Files was an intelligent and inspiring show. Much of its appeal was that writers looked to folklore and science for their ideas, linking the plot to the spooky side of real life. I was incredibly wary of the eighth season when it aired. The show had already provided two perfect episodes to go out ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the seventh season had seen a sharp increase in episodes that scraped the barrel for ideas that were unlikely, unlikely or absolutely silly. But I thought, hey, give him the benefit of a doubt, maybe they are reporting it because they have good ideas aligned. <br /> <br /> The "Roadrunners" were really shocking. After "Patience", which at least offered an interesting interpretation of the vampiric folklore that the show had done well to avoid, the episode sees a strange (parasite?) Parasitic snail with the power of mind control adored by a cult of backwood Christians . Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you only find it in the last two minutes. Seriously. There is never * any * attempt to make sense of this, to explain what the snail is, because everything that is happening is happening, or something like that. Even in the early years of the show - in fact, * especially * then - you could expect a bit more depth, a little background, or if not the opposite - a bit of mystery, some uncertainty about what it was all about this . <br /> <br /> It's Scully who really kills him. You could endure the stupidity of the premise, but having a character that has been developed for 7 years as a rational skeptic turned into a naive nonconformist purely to advance the plot is bizarre to look at. You feel like you are observing a teenager's horror, except that she is a woman in her thirties who throws herself into a kind of terrifying and isolated community that has spent most of a decade discovering the left side of stereotypes imprudent or absolutely indifferent to his own safety. Oh, by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, isn't around. Scully has just left the desert to investigate a brutal murder on her own without him. It comes at the end to save the day - I can't even remember why - but other than that, it doesn't really fit inside. Again: seriously. <br /> <br /> In short, it seems to be a generic script written for another show, and a pet film project that has been allowed to go like a mutant leech in the backbone of an existing, show of long date at a time when he was more vulnerable. It may have worked in a minor show, where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. But X-Files had a good result, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiotic television characters of the 90s. Deciding that you will change his personality for a story they must have done on Star Trek, a good fifty times doesn't make sense.
