If you've ever been molested underground by a Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer. What is the question?", Then maybe you should thank God if you've never met a Lacanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical of the Lacanians, would certainly exchange the word "Jesus" in that sentence for "Lacan / Hegel". <br /> <br /> Zizek's star burns brilliantly at the moment, no doubt because we generally watch movies and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. So it sounds awesome when someone - anyone - arrives and says "Wait, movies can say something about ourselves". <br /> <br /> The ideas that Zizek exhibits in this film are "true" just because he says so. For example, Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are the ego, the superego and the id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo, maybe they are the sinthome ... or are they the films themselves?). This is simply what they are. In Zizek's production, culture is not there to be investigated, but simply to be considered an example of its ideology. People may object that it certainly has something to say - but how different is what it says from the Christian attributing everything to the will of God? <br /> <br /> What is wrong with taking examples, from movies or anywhere else, to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they can also serve as evidence. However, it is simply impossible and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and try everything you want. For Zizek, is Lacan the answer? so it goes and gives an example. Everything except everything resembles the teachings of the Master and culture is there to give this result, to serve this ideology. For example, the Zizek specimen of the voyeur's fantastic position is taken from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies on Kim Novak in a flower shop. But, in the context of the film, this is not at all the fancy position of a voyeur. Stewart was deliberately led there by Novak. This presentation of isolated examples from their context continues during the two and a half hours of Zizek's film sermon. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the "baby wants to f ---" scene in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. Lightly touching what he seems to regard as the terrible (for the masculine) truth of "female enjoyment", Zizek states that the character of Isabella Rossilini not only requires her degradation but is, unconsciously, responsible for the situation. This is an example of his "enjoyment". Well ... maybe. But - I'm sorry to be prosaic - where's the evidence for this? In the film, she partially suffers her humiliation because Hopper kidnapped her son. Zizek could argue that she obviously loves rough sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But this could be due to any number of things. Is this not the point of the so-called female "enjoyment"? According to Lacan, female enjoyment, unlike phallic enjoyment, cannot be articulated, it is beyond phallic capture and the castration of language. If this is right, no example can be given. It also means that the whole concept is non-sensory and entirely mystical. It can only be designated by dogmatists like Zizek: "There is a feminine enjoyment for you! Why is this feminine enjoyment? Why do I say so." <br /> <br /> What example can really be gathered from these films? Only the psychology of Zizek. Why does he continue to fit into his favorite films, even to the point that, when he's on a boat on Botega Bay, he says he wants it too - Rod Steiger? Isn't this the fulfillment of desires of someone who spends his life criticizing movies? As they say, Freud would have a field day with The Pervert's Guide to the Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that films show us how we wish can be right in the face of it, but these films cannot be rigorous universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek desires and only extremely vaguely - almost completely useless - the way the rest of us want. Because, as any psychoanalyst knows, how we desire and what we want cannot be completely separated - and we cannot be easily universalized, if at all. Zizek's love in making everything an example of Lacan's Answer proves it: how do we wish? so, that's how I do it. The problem is that, in Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else is rationalized in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and he certainly doesn't like to let the "subject" speak for himself. <br /> <br /> The perverse cinema guide is a compendium of Zizek's love for dogma and is entirely non-philosophical even though it remains very political (which dogma is not?). Zizek has never questioned exactly what his motivations might be when he starts an analysis, what he is trying to find out, because the terms of his exploration, and therefore his ethics in doing so, are never questioned. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely prolific but all his books and this film say the same thing. It's a kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory: mass production and any color as long as it's black. It's perfect for today's highly consumerist society: presumably critical while giving people the same c-ap repeatedly and pretending it's something different. This is popular because people largely prefer responses to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - rather than investigating things with any serious consideration. Which is kind of like being dead in the brain. For me, Zizek's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizek's solemn observation - presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that music in movies can greatly influence people's sympathies. Did this happen to Zizek only after seeing Jaws?
