This film is all ultra-light fluff, predictable from start to finish. As a vehicle of Don Knotts, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with the character of Knott there not nearly as incompetent or ignorant. His performance there was subdued, with none of his typical wild eyes, although this might have something to do with the fact that he was replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. Knotts earned his living playing the friendly fool, just like Bob Denver did. Neither of them really seemed able to break with other types of roles, assuming they were simply typecast. Probably it was because of the inclination, the wild look and the high voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked on "Three's Company", was able to transcend his genre, successfully expanding into dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts ever received was a small role in "Pleasantville". Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad figure here, uneasy nor dramatic actor like him at the time nor impassive comedian as he later became in "Aereo!" and "Police squad". <br /> <br /> Furthermore, there is no way that Knotts, aged 43, can pass for a thirty-five, as his character insisted on the fact. He was incredibly incredible as Tom Hanks at age 38 in the Forrest Gump college age. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly made on a shoestring budget, very similar to a hurriedly filmed television episode. It is particularly evident in the "outside" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after he was fired. It is unlikely that even a pre-schooler will be deceived by the artificiality of the Mayberry soundstage. <br /> <br /> Even watching this movie as tightly as a children's movie, it's very disappointing. It is not because there is no action or special effects, even if it does. The pace is too slow, repetitive situations. How many times can you see Roy get on a bus? A comedy for children should at least sometimes be crazy, with gag breakneck, otherwise you risk boring them (and even adults in the theater). Movies, even children's films, have improved a lot over the following decades. Even many contemporary plays were better filmed and written. For example, "The Love Bug" by Disney, at least, had some interesting competition action.
