I guess I just blamed myself for the gigantic disillusionment that is "The bowels of a Virgin". You already know not to expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this and the first impression is only confirmed when you notice that the film is a 1980s production in Japan. Now, there are a lot of demented and sick filmmakers active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpasses them all with his completely depraved and disgusting trilogy based on nothing but aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "The Wombs of a Virgin" simply presents a jumble of semi-pornographic sex from the UN and really poor gore effects that wouldn't even please the most demanding horror fan of the 1980s. The images of a group of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably interconnected with the scenes of a dirty pervert who has a rough sex with an apparently younger girl. He dumps her not even a minute after the climax (typical) and she begs him to stay, even if she has to share it with other women. I don't understand. This should represent a general male fantasy? Because it is really cliché and illicit. Anyway, back to the group of horny photographers and docile models. Surprised by the impending fog on their way home, the group entrenched in an abandoned country house where they have more horrible sex and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous sex demon who kills them all. The recitations are amateur, the inane and primitive dialogues and Komizu's direction is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all of this, including the hostile representation of sex by the woman, but I came too close to turning the film off during the indescribably petty fight sequence. One of the males strikes brutally, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a lousy bitch until she literally peels her panties and cries with pain. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the lowest point of the Asian exploiting cinema. One to avoid and perhaps even to boycott.
