Maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certainly not the DVD interview, which is with the director as he continues to say "hello, the kids" in the camera like a fool), but I had expectations for Entrails of a Virgin to be at least a bit of dingy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal and bloody killings from a strange Japanese penetrator. It turns out he is too shabby for his own good, or bad, or anything else. There is a problem - and this can also be seen in the Italian sexploitation film Porno Holocaust, similar in many ways - in not having balance with sex and violence. Too much sex and will turn into a prototype porn, and not even with a much higher quality of production than most professional porn movies! And with the killing scenes, there must be at least a bit of tack, and maybe just a bit of naivety, in creating the creature / killer / anything. The innards of a virgin have neither It is safe to say that it is a rather soulless film, even if it is not one of the worst ever made - it is only for Japanese dog horn fetishists that go around girls in difficulty and men who have all their brains in their 'other' heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, we are assigned a photographic team in which the boys are taking some shots of some girls, nothing too salacious, and then through a thick fog they stop for a few nights at home and they are taken one by one from "A Murderer" as it is credited. First of all, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides to add a share of random sex scenes soon - we connect (or call, take your pick) the clips of one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls somewhere else. Looks like it's from another movie. Then, once settled in the house, there is a "wrestling" scene that is badly choreographed and resumed (yes, we really need to see it "all" there), and then rape and kill it. First rape by photographers, who promise girls some jobs for their time. Then the murderer, who like D'Amato's creature is simply covered in mud and given a stupid face, and who for one unknown reason kills men and / or violates women one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the latter, taken alone, should be considered the highlights of the film. This is like saying, however, that the croûtons are the best part of a shabby salad. A scene that pierces the eyes, a peak cast as an Olympic event (that scene is actually pretty cool), and finally the transgression of the too crazy sex girl, whose irrelevant name I can't remember. Even * this * becomes disappointing just not being correct for the title! In addition to this, the sex scenes, which become boring through 'Gaira' and his indulgence in long shots without cutaway where everything from Japanese censorship is blurred anyway, are dubbed by the actors (you'd think they seem to have fun enough, from here the need to let them 'talk' for themselves). But the general feeling of Entrails of a Virgin is that of a lumpy, where it is only there to be looked at with an open mouth and without a shred of suspense or true horror (look at the last girl left alive, the virgin of the image, look for to prevent the killer from reaching it, which lasts five minutes while she keeps throwing sticks at him!) You just want it done with, so that the mantra "I hate women" loosens or breaks free.
