Satan's Little Helper is one of B's ​​best Horror movies I've ever seen. When I say better I mean history. The film opens a new storyline, something that is not so obvious in the horror genre, something new. But there are also some ridiculous questions that come with it. Questions you are asking yourself for the whole film. <br /> <br /> The film caught my attention while I was shooting the Horror section in HMV. I was tired of all the so-called "terrifying" Hollywood hits and wanted something different. The cover of Satan's Little Helper immediately caught my attention. As you can see, the image attracts you - it's chilling! I knew it was a version directly on DVD, but I took the opportunity. I mean, I just saw "Boogey Man" the night before - so it couldn't have been worse! After watching the movie, I was semi-satisfied. I loved the movie plot. It was really disturbing how the killer was pretending to be the friend of the kids so he could kill. Somehow sick and crazy, he actually thought that he and the child would become companions - a duo of terror. It was a good idea to set the film on Halloween night. In this way, nobody would have thought of something of a masked man next to a boy. They would simply think that he was his guardian. But this is also the point where the "holes in the plot" begin to emerge. <br /> <br /> If your child came home with a "friend" he met a trick or a treatment, that's fine. You wouldn't think of anything if you were 9 or around your age. If, however, he appeared with a strange man in a mask, you would be surprised and protective of your child. He would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your child. He doesn't know him. Would you tell him to leave please. He is not a family friend. He is a stranger. Now, we should teach our son not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother is completely okay with it. Eh? They never seem to think that it's a little strange that the "man" doesn't talk at all. Gruanted thinks he is the daughter of the daughters, but after 10 minutes of no talk you took off your mask and asked him why he is not saying a word. <br /> <br /> The movie goes down from there. The thing that struck me most was that the whole mother said "Do you want some cider?" I can't count how many times she says it in the movie. It's like, oh you're dying - we have cider though, it's all right !! The film started promising and failed to deliver. It was more of a horror / comedy, and even if it fails to deliver. I imagine you could call it "Dud", "Flop" etc. <br /> <br /> The best thing about the film is the cover. However, something tells me it's not worth the 12 dollars!
