I must say first of all that I gave this film a 3 out of 10 after some reflection. I was going to give it a scale of 1, but I got a couple of extra points for body counting. But that would be all about it. Let me explain. I literally paid £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I tend to have a lot of confidence in the horror film business, especially in B-movie movies. But if this film aimed at B status, as I suspect it was for a series of reasons (which I'll touch in a second), it failed in a magnificent way. Not only did he turn for B, but he failed, he landed somewhere around F. This movie has had so many opportunities to be good and has practically failed on all counts. I say above that this film is likely to aim at B status and seems to be trying to achieve this by trying to blend humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, the later films by Freddy (Dream Warriors onwards) are all about Freddy's style and on the nose, which works great! But this film was completely bombarded in that regard because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly just stupid. However, I admit that humor was good at the beginning of the film. In fact, for about half an hour I liked this film and I was ready to congratulate myself on another beautiful discovery. But what really killed this film for me was inappropriate killing. For example, when "Satan" hits the cat against the board and writes "whistle" with his blood using his body like a brush. Or when "Satan" slams the door on the disabled and helpless elderly woman. Now I'm not usually too much against senseless killing in movie-hey, that's the point, right? But in those two cases I found it really grossly offensive and useless for anything in the plot of the film, in particular. For me, the film has gone down since then. One of the main negative points of this film is that I hated every character in it. The guy, Dougie was just annoying !!! I can't explain how he could erase all those bodies and people he killed before his eyes like a trick! I mean come on !!! I perfectly understand that to be in a horror movie a character must be somehow stupid, like running upstairs when you should brazenly run out of the house screaming for help, but this guy took the cookie! I wanted to kill him myself in the end! It was absolutely amazing and if I had to hear him say "duh!" once again I was about to hit my head against a wall, because that's what this movie is watching. Why didn't I just turn off the movie? Especially since I honestly believe that an ending can sometimes redeem a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The ending did NOT redeem this film, further irritated me and was inadequate to the plot. I understand that already! The killer will always come back dressed like another, he will be welcomed into the house by the stupid boy and he will start to kill again because nobody suspects him in that costume! I SEE! This film made me physically angry because he was so stupid! And if by some mistake you do, you finish watching this movie, watch out for the intestines. Honestly, if that guy actually had intestines that looked like this, I'd be surprised he wasn't already dead, let alone until someone tore them off and tied them to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I go so far as to say that the only character that I liked in this film was actually the killer. Just because when his "comic routine" worked, it worked. All in all, the plot of this film has dragged everything that could be good. Why did the killer kill? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he really was, that's pretty typical, but for some reason - hell I don't know, I'd be satisfied with him having a bad Halloween as a child! - It just seems more than senseless, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I registered specifically with IMDb just to be able to comment on it. Save your money, save your sanity. Stay away from that!
