This is a horror film "anthology". It consists of 4 stories taken from the narrative of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Tales and was a personal friend of H.P. Lovecraft, but is most famous for the original "Psycho" story). The quality of the stories is very irregular and I didn't think the film was creepy or horrible. It would have been better to do it as a comedy like "Comedy of Terrors". Only the last of the 4 stories was made in a fun way, and it's probably the best (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I saw some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that was really worth my time was "Tales from the Crypt" by Freddie Francis. The anthology style works well for the producers, because it means that they can hire a group of "big name" actors, use them for a single week or so, and then bring the next big name. So basically you pay 6 weeks of movie star salary, but you get 5 or 6 different names in the marquees. But this is very unfortunate for the public, because the public would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt who actually act together. Instead they are blocked by these cartoons alone. So let's take them one at a time, briefly. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a truly admirable job of trying to bring some dignity to his stupid role as a writer terrified of his own character. Unfortunately the actor who plays Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams, seems simply silly that ruins any possible horror. There's something hilarious if you want to laugh about it, like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It is the patented scene where the killer sneaks up behind the victim but no one is watching, so the whole audience should shout "LOOK BEHIND YOU!" The second story is the one with Peter Cushing. God, I love that man so much. Too bad that many of his films, like this one, are quite smelly. In history it is supposed that it pines for a long lost love, and sees its resemblance in a wax museum. It's a completely predictable story that doesn't go anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have some time with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a child who turns out to be a witch. Once again this piece could have been fun if it had been played for laughter. But instead we should be horrified when Lee slaps the child and is surprised when he turns out to be evil. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good at that kind of "Bad Seed" role. <br /> <br /> The last story is pretty funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cloak that turns him into a real vampire. This is all that history has to offer. I was surprised at how bad Ingrid Pitt's English is, I guess she must have been nicknamed in some of the other movies where I saw her. <br /> <br /> It is not a memorable film or one that I would recommend to everyone except the horror completists.
