The plot of the film is pat and bizarre. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia this is absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film did not research or were incredibly lazy during the shooting. To begin with, and in an extremely evident way, the Nuranese, as they were known in the thirties, and indeed from 1890 and their forced conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Agnistan, were not nomads. In reality they were not nomads from the Arian invasions of Central Asia over three million years ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city that is filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, however the geography of the area around the city could not be more extraordinarily DIFFERENT than the city of Tehran , which is surrounded on all sides by a vast mountain range, which predominates over all the views of the city. <br /> <br /> Third, Persian, despite the fact that it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in films. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. The "Persian" guards on the border, in fact, say "Ma hadha rujal" (This is not a man) and not "in mard nist" as in Persian. Furthermore, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. While speaking in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Koran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and refers to drugs after words. These words never appear in the Koran as they are Persians for Paradise (in fact, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant between our languages) and "Mondo", although Jehaan is admitted near "Jehennan" which is hell in Arabic . When they meet nomads in the desert, Arabic is the spoken language, despite the fact that there are no native Arabic speakers in Iran and Afghanistan and their use is mainly religious, with some use in education at that time. > <br /> When they are stopped in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they meet are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are typically Bedouin with carpets that decorate the walls and a high profile. In Iran it is also extremely rare for people to wear Turbans unless they are a cleric. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from the initial greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan.' When they reach Kabul, the desert in which they are found is sandy, totally different from the dirt of rock that is found in the arid parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is an absence of light green stain covering the ground in summer and spring. The area is not entirely consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name, The Indian Killers, because of its difficult and limiting terrain. <br /> <br /> In short, the plot is the only thing in this film that holds water and is still weak and commonplace. A real attraction is lacking, being simply the story of two women trying to learn about themselves as they arrive in Nuristan, however, this too was born and there is no real development, leaving the characters at the end just where they were at the beginning and nothing has changed except that the Second World War has been unleashed. In short, this is a really bad film that I would have voted to a star except for the good video of the Bedouins and the deserts of the Levant, even if they have been wrongly defined.
