The basic premise of "Miami Golem" certainly deserves a place at the top, say, about fifty more demented film plots ever written! I know the top 50 doesn't seem too impressive, but I've seen a lot of really weird movies with crazy plots. I was prepared by something twisted, because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative filmmakers but unfortunately underestimated in Italy. De Martino steals more ideas from successful successes, as most Italian filmmakers did at that time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all De Martino films are worth the effort, but some of them are extremely undervalued, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The "Golem of Miami" concept contains elements of numerous fantastic sci-fi and adventure films (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "ET", ??) but I wouldn't exactly call it a rip. The only thing that is shamelessly stolen from another film is the opening theme of the synthesizer that sounds almost identical to Axel F. by Harold Faltermeyer of "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the film is a fun mix of fantasy, science fiction, action, horror and superhero tricks. Certainly it doesn't always make sense (most of the time not, actually) but "Miami Golem" is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my partner and I fascinated from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize briefly, but I'll try anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports the story of a German scientist who discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a precipitated meteorite and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will unquestionably destroy the whole of humanity as soon as it becomes quite large. If this is not problematic enough, the rich Mr. Anderson has ordered to steal the evil fetus that grows slowly because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in an earthly disguise, Craig Milford has the difficult task of safeguarding the planet from the bad fetus. Ok, I know that this sounds grotesque and silly, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a light and easy to digest shot. The first half of the film may seem overly chaotic and confusing, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the secret plot through the use of absurd dry reds. There are apparitions of subliminal ghosts, supporting characters who behave in an exaggeratedly mysterious way without a real reason and at some point there are even speculations on the lost continent of Atlantis. This is all misleading stuffing material, however, and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear "Miami Golem" turns into a normal 80s popcorn action movie with bloody massacres, flaming chase sequences (in the Florida Everglades!), Explosions, free sleazes and ugly little fetus monsters in jars. <br /> <br /> Now, I don't really want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeservedly dark pearl of Italian exploitation cinema. Make no mistake, this is a pretty bad movie! Events become bearable only if you accept the stupidity and inconsistency of the plot and if you can't, although this is just a non-stop spitfire of negative aspects. The recitations are painfully horrible. In particular, John Ireland, a B-movie veteran, as the archetype of the evil character of James Bond, does not seem the least bit interested in the script. You can tell from his grimaces and the way he delivers his jokes that he also thinks that the entire production is delayed and simply entered on the payroll. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy lustful female ever, and the person who designed the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover must have felt it exactly the same way, because the charming girl on the cover doesn't appear anywhere in the film. What an embarrassment it must be for Mrs. Trotter. Still, his completely free nudity sequences compensate for this, since it is rather warm from the neck down. And finally, there is the unforgettable scene where David Warbeck shoots down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a normal gun! I don't even think that John Rambo can do it while he's a Vietnam veteran and the Warbeck character is just a television reporter.
