A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for the James Keller Public Telecommunications Center, has an interview with a German professor from a Floridian university, who created an unknown creature based on a meteor substance. But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the entire planet with the creature, and his man kills the professor and his assistants and sacks the creature. So Craig and his new psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with the human being but also with the creature's alien friends, start looking for the creature and try to send it to an alien spaceship ... the movie has some great cast and staff. For example, he has the actor, David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, the actress, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the special creator of special effects, Sergio Stivaletti of the masterpieces of Dario Argento, and the director (and also the narrator), Alberto De Martino from THE MAN WITH ICY EYES and THE KILLER IS ON THE PHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly ugly film, called, nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM which is essentially a confusing film combined with TALES OF THE THIRD GENDER with E.T. EXTRATERRESTRIAL. And this not only confused-but-even-crammed movie has something worth; genetic engineering with psychic research. As a result, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical flaw; genetic engineering and psychic research are never compatible. (Strangely, with regard to this oddly childish combination of genetic engineering and psychic research, the main character, Craig himself says that MUST BE A BETTER EXPLANATION for the short-haired psychic, Joanna.) But, after all, the whole story of the film it is not and cannot present any kind of BETTER EXPLANATION). Moreover, this film has something more laughable; his problematic music. What the composer, who is credited as Robert Marry, provides is none other than the strangely insisted BEVERLY-HILLS-COP-tasted music. I do not mean this Italianized theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP itself is a particularly bad music, but I must say that it seems to be clearly clear that music has no fitness at all for this film. In fact only those who can think that LIBRARY OF THE HILLS SIMPLE have compatibility with genetic engineering and / or psychic research?
