As an "out-of-date Catholic" who was 11 years of Catholic school, but was not at Mass in 35 years except for weddings and funerals, I thought I would have enjoyed it a lot. And I did it. . . for the first two thirds of the film. It was all standard stuff: strict parochial schooling, repressed sexuality, etc. But then, suddenly, the film became mediocre. Really petty. Now, look, I saw it before the pedophilia scandals came. . . and perhaps I would not have been so offended by such evil, hateful excavations of the Catholic Church if I had known about those abominations (a term so Catholic!) and cover-ups. <br /> <br /> It's been a few years since I rented the video, and I'm not going to rent it again with a new perspective. He just left a taste so dirty, bad, ugly in the mouth. . . I wonder what experience all the actors had with the Church, because either they * really * hate this, or they have prostituted themselves for salary. It is an incredibly anti-Catholic film, offensive to anyone with a glimmer of a glimmer of respect for Catholic education. Which I continue to do because there were no better teachers in the 1950s. Whatever the nuns did, they forced me to learn to read and write in English. They made us learn by heart. (How many children today can do simple arithmetic in their heads?) The truth is that there is nothing more essential to success in America. You can read? Can you add / subtract / multiply / divide? Great. You can get any desired advanced level. And the discipline of Catholic education will keep you in the right place, not only as you continue your studies, but also for the rest of your life, regardless of what you think of the Catholic "mythology" that we all had to learn. > <br /> Such an exceptional cast, such a rotten and rotten script. I feel really bad (and no, it's not "bad" - believe me, the nuns taught me better) for the writer and the director. <br /> <br /> I thought I had mixed emotions about the Catholic school. But the participants in this project must have been those naughty (ie stupid) kids who sat at the back of the room, if they were willingly involved in the making of this film.
