Final score ... who cares: it's a reality show. He has no love for his audience, it is absurd to lazy TV viewers, he puts nothing in and gets nothing out of it. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire", the most shamelessly fake reality show of them all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. It is a watershed, a fundamental moment, not only for Fox, but for the American public that looks, how and how they talk about this shit the next day. You should be ashamed of you. Because as much as Fox promotes this garbage he will not gain anything unless he is looked at by people (and he was the boy, the ending almost got the numbers of the Super Bowl!?). Does it bother you that there are many quality shows written, directed, recited and generally put a strain on those that are canceled as you sit back and jump into this cool and effortless game show? <br /> <br /> I was a staunch supporter of Fox. It's those of us like me who love and seek quality TV that helped build Fox at the time of Married ... with Children and The Simpsons. Quite conveniently, now none of these shows could make it 6 weeks with current management. The Gail Berman "reign of terror" as it is often called. The network has made war on TV with scripts And, oddly enough, they are the fans. The same people who helped build them at the beginning. Now, not only must we fight for good shows, but we must fight against their own network. It makes the mind go crazy. Nothing Fox has done in the last 3 years makes any sense. Since the cancellation of successes such as "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox cannot lift his pitiful head to give the only decent show they have had this season a another shot? And the reason they can do all this: the success of garbage like "Joe Millionaire". Now they can say "We don't need you TV fans, we have reality shows". Apparently they seem to have no idea that the general public of the draw with this stuff is fickle and will abandon them when the next fashion arrives. To alienate their base this way will end up killing the network the way it set up ABC. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise, in the by now classic Fox trick, which promises us something different and edgy, but then offers something that is in no way different from "The Bachelor" or something like that 3. Fox has become mainstream. The ending and "twist" (quote / quote) showed that they have no ideas for the sleeve. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they may appear, will all end with the same clamor, fairy tale ending. We had the opportunity to see a group of aspiring limping actors that the network selected millions of hits to fit their demographic data around like high school bimbos pretending to appreciate this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was a competition and that's what you should do it Marriott itself is like a horribly disfigured Chro-magnum man struggling to put together the simplest sentences. But, how can women (all ugly looking at each other - an important minus is a show of guilty pleasure like this) do not fall for "Joe" with such fascinating lines as "Look, you're not stupid" <Br /> <br /> I used to think that the people who watched these reality shows / games / play shows were just lazy to change channels, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they must be really mentally deficient. Let's go people, have a little more pride in yourself. Request a little more from your entertainment then THIS. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
