Let me be clear. I've used IMDb for years. But only today did I go to the trouble of registering on the site, only to be able to give this film the lowest possible rating. I've seen hundreds of movies, some of them bad, some terrible. Never, however, have I seen such a contrast of fiction and incompetence, of high intentions and failures. Mira Sorvino is horribly chosen as the princess, but absolutely incredible as Phocion, a boy. Fiona Shaw is always a funny character, but the dialogue in the film is much worse, even, than in the ignorant French game that is the source (Marivaux has never reached Hollywood until now, and we should keep it that way). <Br /> <br /> To illustrate, for example, that Leontine is a brilliant and passionate philosopher and scientist, she frantically shows herself pouring chemicals from the beaker to the beaker, shouting names of famous scientists. And the love story between Agis and the princess sounded even more stupid. For this reason, the couple should receive a joint prize "Clair Danes", which in a just world would have been rewarded with an anachronistic and banal reinterpretation of interesting teenagers of literature as brats of the 90s (see Miss Danes in Les Miserables). <br /> <br /> Apart from the atrocious plot and dialogue, there are some attempts to introduce artistic trophies in the shoot. For example, there are moments when a handful of spectators faded in and out of the action, sitting on chairs, looking at the main characters. The director wants us to realize that he has adapted a play. I see. But it doesn't happen at all until in the movie. At that point, seeing a crowd of people sitting in chairs for a moment, then disappearing, is creepy and distracted. They are like a kind of ugly group of zombies, which appear through the mists, filling us with terror. When you see the horrible joke and the song that ends this movie, you will have to wake up your own zombie crowd and kill them all for the grave injustice of poisoning your mind for 112 minutes. <br /> <br /> -Matthew McGuire
