The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is happy to learn that he was accepted into medical school to carry on the family tradition of becoming an MD as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey ), but his joy could be brief, given that Eddie is involved in an accident and is hit by a car. Taken to the nearest hospital, it doesn't look good for poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to let him save Eddie with the serum he developed, a serum that will give the recipient the power to self-heal all types of injuries or illnesses. Desperate for her boyfriend to live Richard agrees but the procedure has unwanted side effects like turning Eddie into a zombie-eating brain that's not really a good thing ... <br /> <br /> Executive product, written and directed by Steve Franke I'll be honest with myself and say that Serum is horrible, Serum is one of those horror films without a budget that tries to snatch any other number and ends up being a little more fun than having your nails pulled out with pliers. The script is terrible, it has all the Re-Animator (1985) tested with crazy scientists who hold huge syringes trying to eradicate death but it's so boring that it's not true, the first forty minutes are nothing but a really boring soap opera that equals nothing expects to spend free time with Eddie coming home after spending some time and finding his ex-girlfriend made friends with someone else, arguing with his stepmother, getting drunk with his partner and generally boring the public. So once the boredom of the first forty minutes is over and if you're still watching it, it takes another twenty minutes to revive Eddie and then kill a couple of people, the police reach him and shoot him, eventually. Thanks God. The serum is devoid of any characteristic that can be associated with a good film, the sucking of the character, the dialogue is poor, it takes itself too seriously, it is boring, slow, it is forgettable and considering it is a film of the horror there is an alarming lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that Serum was boring? I thought about that. <br /> <br /> The director Franke does nothing to revive this thing, even if he is competent there is no style here. The levels of gore are non-existent, there is a bit of splattered blood, a bite neck, a couple of scars on a dead woman's face, a couple of scenes in which a needle just punctures the skin. Don't expect a Re-Animator in the gore department because if you do that you would be sorely disappointed, just like I was actually. Filmed in what appears to be a house, a restaurant and a workshop, the film has no variety and seems just cheap everywhere. There are a couple of nudity scenes, but it's not even close enough to save him. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is not bad, at least it seems that appropriate video cameras have been used, I can't really comment on the special effects because there are none, but in general serum seems quite professional. Apparently shot in Texas, or should he read it should he have been literally shot in Texas? Acting sucks even though I think they were real actors rather than friends or family members of the director. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible film, it's boring, slow, boring, has no blood and feels like a horrible soap operates for the first forty minutes. I don't understand why anyone feels the need to watch this when they can look at Re-Animator again or one of its sequels, seriously I suggest you give Serum a shortcoming. There I just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
