"Serum" starts with titles that are reminiscent of "Re-animator" movies, and owes a lot to them. The story is very similar; a crazy doctor develops a serum he believes will alleviate pain, illness and death, but apparently he is not a big supporter of clinical trials and therefore ends up with a brain-eating zombie on his hands in the person of his nephew. The zombies even look like one of "Re-animator", and indeed some of the effects of the "Serum" trick are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is rather slow and incredible in some places, resulting in a soap opera for most of the first 3/4 of the film. For some reason, the director feels obliged to tell us the time of day every few minutes by flashing large white letters on the screen. I can't understand why this was important, apart from trying to provide viewers with a sense of time passing; sometimes, this would not be present otherwise as the plot limps. <br /> <br /> There are a number of moments that do not add up here. For example, a victim is bludgeoned with a club, but when we see the victim's head up close, there is no trace of that trauma. In another scene, a character runs along a fully lit hospital corridor (we can actually see the circles of light on the floor, in fact) with a torch in hand, looking around the world as if he were walking in the dark ... but a moment later a second character walks along the same completely illuminated corridor without one. These are just a couple of examples; the moments of what seems a little careless as a director or editorial crop up quite frequently during the film. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is better in some ways than a lot of what rarely goes to independent horror lately. In terms of technical articles ?? sound and photography, for example ?? it looks more polished than a lot of what lands on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a good deal of acting in wood (in particular one of the main characters, the mad scientist himself!) And absurd moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of disbelief and all that which has to do with writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things in which the people involved in making this film will end up having more experience with, however. One of the problems with low budget independent horror lately is that filmmakers often wanted to do more popular movies with bigger budgets, and that it almost never works. In any case, it was not "Serum".
