Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and the premise that anyone who lives in England has been to a soccer game or knows that the first thing about football will be immediately visible. <br /> <br /> My first main gripe with Hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. Don't get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and I have a great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he struggled to get this role. The main motivation of his character is the anger for the system and the anger for the betrayal, however he spends most of the film calm and cheerful, showing only his aggression repressed in a short scene towards the end of the film. This connection with his appearance and physique makes him an absolutely unconvincing addition to a band of soccer thugs. At no time in the film was I convinced that a) he could manage himself in a fight against such thugs and b) the "arrest" of thugs would accept such a person in their fold. <br /> <br /> The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks the part, and is quite convincing as a criminal. Unfortunately, having been born in Newcastle Upon Tyne, in the north of England, he shows the worst accent of East London since Dick Van Dyke tried to be a jerk to Marry Poppins. Details like this probably won't bother an American audience that will be less in tune with the regional dialect in the UK, but being from the UK it was a problem that I couldn't ignore and that helped ruin the film for me. The supporting cast gave convincing performances and was well projected, in particular the role of Bover. The guy who played this character would have been much better suited to the main role played by Charlie. With a film like this, you have to convince your audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately the casting failed. Imagine if you made a film like The Godfather and Will and Grace's Sean Hayes (Jack) as Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. Hooligan's story is also full of implausibility. I'm not a soccer hooligan, but I'm a fan of fantastic football. I know how much a group can be a group of "regular" fans, as such they consider it impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, does not come from the area in question nor from The English nationality must be embraced by a "company" that identifies a secret organization in some serious cases. My last and biggest problem with this film is the way it portrays football hooligans. I object to the idea of ​​the film that, although they are very violent individuals, thugs are excused because they live according to a kind of code of ethics in their world and should be admired for being courageous and loyal to each other. This is complete trash. Soccer hooligans are complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England and use it as an excuse to terrorize, frighten and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but they give a bad reputation to the entire game and the people of this country. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowards and villains. If the "GSE" in this film really loved their club, West Ham, why devote their lives to being a stain on his name. Hooligans are embarrassing for football and for English society. Football hooligans make what Hitler did to the reputation of the Germans for the reputation of football. Although this film attempts / intends to show the "gritty" side of football violence. All it does is promote it as a kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport. He does not show the poor and innocent pedigrees at soccer games that have ruined the day by some idiot who tossed coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent house and property owners who have to endure graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the REAL fans of football teams who suffer humiliation and embarrassment when their team supporters are forbidden to travel to or away from European games because criminals interfere with it for everyone. If you want to see a good film about football violence, watch the BBC drama "The Firm".
