'A Smile Like Yours' is a pathetic comedy that actually makes no sense. I do not mean that the story was complicated, but the whole plot is based on one thing: the desperate and costly failed attempts of a couple to conceive children. People who have tried so much must have forgotten the adoption option, to which this film is not kind. Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction to anything offered by the women's liberation movement, exhibiting almost no sense of independence. He is a rather boring character like the dreamy housewife, with absolute nothingness in his mind, but to have children. As a stupid 50s romantic comedy, Greg Kinnear is the submissive husband who likewise shows no personality, no independence, and from us, no interest. <br /> <br /> They are the two most boring and often annoying characters, and they are hardly a matter of comedy that should come with many mishaps, which should arise from a couple doing everything they can to get pregnant. Except that, in reality, they do nothing but go to a fertility clinic and shell out a lot of money to do what they could do in the privacy of their own (except for that IVF number). The plot hardly allows any mishaps, because well, the couple does nothing to create any kind of bizarre situation. They simply go to this clinic. Then? <br /> <br /> The subplots are intended to test the loyalty of the couple, a necessary moral element of the story as the couple plans to conceive the children together. Jennifer works in a new age shop with her friend (played by Joan Cusak), and they are in the business of developing aphrodisiacs. Christopher MacDonald plays the buyer full and Jennifer is the promising negotiator of a good price for the product of her and her friend. The subplot doesn't offer much to interest you (although Joan Cusak is pretty funny in the restaurant scene). <br /> <br /> Danny (Kinear) is an architect, who finds the opportunity to earn some extra money to cover the medical bills, taking a job in Seattle, where his boss is the crass seductress (even a another desperate and helpless female character) trying to influence Danny (as stupid as he is) to have a relationship with her once things are conveniently rocky with him and his wife (for reasons I don't care to give away). Jill Hennesy is good at the role, but her character is too predictable and too formidable as a much-needed element to create a conflict for Danny. It's stupid and, once again, hardly interesting. <br /> <br /> The film itself is absolutely boring, and not at all funny (save the restaurant scene and the airline flight). The plot offers nothing that is really appealing. Even if the story was entirely centered around two people trying to conceive, the writers could have devised several amusing mishaps to develop it. Secondly, the main characters are completely boring. They are silouhettes of silly fifties comedies with a happy wife and a clueless husband. So even without mishaps in the plot, the characters themselves do not offer anything interesting, not to mention funny. <br /> <br /> Joan Cusak should have been in the lead and someone else should have taken Kinnear. Cusak would have made his story even badly outrageously funny (as he sometimes does in his role as co-star here). This is definitely one to let go of.
