As a fan of science fiction films, I've been aware of Matrix since its release in 1999. From what little I would have allowed people to tell me about it, I thought it was very original and sophisticated. I am also a devotee of Alice in Wonderland. I've never been able to understand how I missed The Matrix when it was released. With the upcoming release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy the DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too great. The premise of the matrix (the control device with respect to the film) was intelligent. The philosophical premise of parallel worlds, alternative realities is consumed. However, I could still buy in the film, like science fiction, if it remained firmly in that genre. Unfortunately, it has become a standard, "it will be them or they will not be able to escape, to break through, to save those who need help, etc." To make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that science fiction and martial arts films are actually two different types. For the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction and romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or, at least, not in the same way in the same movie. <br /> <br /> If there were any problems with The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded really made the problems worse. At least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or the prolonged car chase. (This observation ignores the question, made in every negative professional review of the film: If Neo could do the Superman thing, why bother to fight at all? The answer, of course, is what attracts the young male demographic group in the theater) . Then there is the aspect of "redemption through love". That plot device was consumed by Richard Wagner over a hundred years ago. It was actually managed better by him in Die Gotterdammerung. <br /> <br /> So, where do you leave those who saw Matrix Reloaded. Fans of martial arts probably groaned through the banal but arcane sci-fi philosophical. Science fiction fans wondered why they were sitting in a kung-fun festival. Most males in the audience are probably bored by the film's stupid romantic appearance. <br /> <br /> What should you buy for your money when you see The Matrix franchises: Sci-fi, martial arts, or soap operas? A little of each does not yield much more than any of them, nor for a satisfying film for the aficionados of each.
