The first Matrix movie was full of incredible character developments, witty dialogues and action scenes maintained with the flow of history. These elements - coupled with incredible special effects of the day - presented a magical ride that kept you in suspense all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, Revolutions). The problem here is not special effects or fight sequences as some might argue; The brothers took well-developed characters from the first film and dug them like rotten tree trunks. The connection that was established for the first time between the spectators and the characters on the screen of the first film is lost when you realize that these are not the same characters as the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> For intelligence, Morpheus was developed as a charismatic and philosophical character with insight that far surpasses anyone else in the film, but here in Reloaded - we are presented with a different Morpheus that stands hard and empty, reduced to monotonous bagpipes that contradict the character we have seen develop in the first film. This character did not feel the same, and one could also say secondary characters in the film. <br /> <br /> Even the removal of "Tank" was a disappointment. Tank's involvement in the first film was minimal at best, but he played the role extremely well. In Reloaded, we find out that Tank dies after the events of the first movie, and is replaced by a Jar Jar Binks stunt that could not act to save his life (think of the stale box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance made me laugh out loud, and most of his spoken dialogue lacked time. There was an overwhelming feeling that he either tried to convey his emotions on the screen or that the delivery in the script was turned off; in both cases, the experience was fun! Sometimes I felt embarrassed for the actor .... <br /> <br /> Even the character of Neo's Godly was suspect during most of the combat sequences. The alleyway battle with the 200 clones of Agent Smith was certainly exaggerated. We must be amazed, for a man so gifted as Neo - that he would also waste his time engaging in a battle so fruitless and frivolous when they witness more urgent questions (especially when one considers his ability to fly or his impious ability to fold Matrix surely Neo could have sent the clones much faster and more efficiently). Once again, such acts lend themselves to a script hampered by coherence, and scenes created as a filler to prevent us from feeling mixed up. As a joke, our expectations about the characters created in the first movie are quickly discarded. Unfortunately, for those who expect more or less the same thing, you will surely leave feeling seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you take Reloaded as a standard action film, run-of-the-mill, and forget the incredible inconsistencies in the story and the dissolution of the already established character development of the first movie, you should leave feeling rather satisfied.
