Small semi-washable, but hardly appealing. Again, two or three funny moments. What amazes me is how slippery and morally highly debatable McNicol is. He plays an invalid (a leg problem), but not only is he not the "ugly duckling" that men avoid, but he is also a man-eater - and we should try for her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with her leg problem ... Poor little McNicol ??! She constantly receives passes from men, and even downloads them without blinking! On one occasion he also has a premeditated one-night relationship with a blond stallion, and then tells his newly found rather un-brazen French girlfriend that it took him time to get an erection! He shows us the spectators because he is so aware of his legs if every boy wants a hump. Well, almost every boy; the only guy who really avoided her after seeing a leg wrapped in metal is the guy who works on the phone. But otherwise he seems to be fine with men! No shyness, no lack of success with men, and she throws them away like toys; the way he downloaded Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little invalid girl ?? I don't think so. Yet we are destined to believe that this woman has a big problem of trust; hence the scene in which he prepares to play the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw down the notes for nervousness. Nervousness?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that would suggest that you have problems with confidence, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit into the big picture. He also surprised me with the quick and greedy way that McNicol befriends a French woman who fucks a married guy. Apparently the film would seem to be a "sentimental story of the struggle of a woman paralyzed by acceptance" (or something of the sort), but it is not so at all; the writer clearly shifts between this type of film and a "fuck all that moves - it's the kind of film of the 80s" - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As for his leg: it's not like she has a big, fat purple balloon growing on her calf muscle. She "just" has a normal-looking metal prosthesis attached to the lower part of her leg, so I really don't understand why the film's creators are trying to make it look like it's a Quasimodo female or something, at the beginning of the movie. It's not like she has a twin head coming out of her neck! Although McNicol is certainly not an important outlet. A little cute but nothing special, quite average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell is Carradine doing to make a kind of (relatively) quiet boy who hangs out with McNicol and his friend ?! This guy was in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I imagine it's the same thing with the Carradines in the movies as it is for the Kennedys in politics: no matter how horrible, incapable or stupid, all the doors are open for a career in film and politics, respectively. <Br /> <br /> Lower yourself with nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read the fake biographies about Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and idiots, contact me by e-mail.
