Another double noir on a Warner Home Video disc and far better than the two films is the wonderful 1950 RKO thriller "Where Danger Loves". This is a memorable classic with an exceptional cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Graphically photographed in black and white by Nicholas Musuraca, it was strictly directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is a prime example of the noir style of image creation and will always be remembered for its artisanal style that was Hollywood's past - (see my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the praise above can be applied to the second film on the disc, the abysmal MGM 1949 stinker TENSION! Wrongly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry, this film is full of ridiculous characters and unlikely situations. The inconceivable relationship between a mild and sloppy pharmacist - blandly interpreted by Richard Baseheart - and his openly limp wife (a laughable Audrey Totter) is totally unlikely and unconvincing (why on earth have they ever come together in the first place, no one ever guess). Then, when "surprisingly" he abandons him to one of his fellow players (Lloyd Gough) our shy pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and in seventh heaven with his new fortune, he plots and tries to kill Gough but at the last minute comes out out . The guy is still killed and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by homicide detective Barry Sullivan (another insignificant performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the film, you don't care less since it's all so poorly executed and made ridiculous by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea of ​​the rhythm and is unable to inject even a pinch of style into the thing. There's nothing I can put in front of the camera that will keep you from taking your head off! The only TENSION contained in this film is the elastic that is stretched to the limit and snaps into the fingers of Barry Sullivan while he gives the intro to the opening of the film. So much for that! An unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best things about this turkey are the smooth monochrome Cinematography of the great Harry Stradling, a soundtrack by a young Andre Previn and a first dramatic appearance by the handsome Cyd Charisse before she found her dancing shoes . Hey! - maybe he could have saved the photo if he had given us a few steps and a couple of pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In his favor, however, there are a bunch of extras included that boast trailers, comments and featurettes for both films. But the disc is worth alone for the classic RKO Mitchum!
