Robin Cook's novel "Coma" had already been turned into a hit movie in 1978. A couple of years later it was the turn of another Robin Cook best seller to get the big screen treatment, but in the case of " Sphinx "pretty much everything that could go wrong is not good. This is a terrible adventure film made up of wooden performances, stupid dialogues, unconvincing characters and lead rhythm. The only reason it escapes a 1 in 10 rating is that the Egyptian background offers an infinitely greater charm than history itself. Hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (of "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") is the director behind this debacle. <br /> <br /> Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on vacation in Cairo when she stumbles upon the Abdu-Hamdi antique shop (John Gielgud). Hamdi befriends Erica and is impressed by his enthusiasm and knowledge. As a result, he shows her a beautiful and incredibly rare Pharoah Seti I statue that she secretly keeps in her shop. The very existence of the statue arouses intense excitement in Erica, because it could provide vital clues to locate the long-lost tomb of Seti I, a prize as big as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi could tell Erica about plus he is brutally murdered in his shop, with Erica watching in silent terror as he meets his grisly end. Frightened and yet teased by what she saw, Erica tries to trace the treasure. She finds herself helped and hindered in her research by various other parties, none of which is truly trustworthy. For example, is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend but perhaps a man with sinister ulterior motives? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction but who could hide dangerous secrets from him. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "Sphinx" generally stem from its total ignoring plausibility. Down could not be less convincing as a female Egyptologist ?? it is assumed that it would be fairly educated and resourceful, yet it spends the entire film screaming helplessly like a big-titted child from a male action movie. On those rare occasions when she's not running from a bad potential, she does other mindless things like taking Polaroid flash photos in a 4000-year-old tomb! The twists and turns are nothing short of heavy, mainly composed of revelations and double intersections that can be predicted well in advance. You can't even try to enjoy the film at the level of stupid but amusing action plates, because the rhythm is tremendously slow. What little action can be found is separated by long stretches of boredom. A famous review of the film said: "The Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2-hour film been summed up so well in two words.
