This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a welcome. The story concerns a real and hidden imaginary tomb in the Valley of the Kings, of King Seti I, second pharaoh of the nineteenth dynasty, period of the New Kingdom. It's not a bad yarn, and most of the film is filmed on the spot. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were actually filmed there, and not in a studio. The stuff of the second unit is endless, and must have been released in Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is really very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. It should take it as a secondary activity. The film is essentially ruined by one of the most irritating actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead role. He spends the whole film wondering how it looks, his blue eyes refracting the light at the right angle, making all types crave, etc. Having started life as a model at the age of ten, what hope could she have for her? She embodies everything that is more revolting about female vanity and obtuse inanity. And to think that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for "Patton"! Allows this terrible actress to whine and simmer through the film, a hysterical moment, flirt one's neighbor, in a sort of hurricane of idiocy while she pulls up from one man to another, or screaming or making bedroom eyes, it does not matter. He should be a young Egyptologist. But she has never been to Egypt before! He takes a taxi to Giza and sees his first taste of the pyramids, gushes in ecstasy: "But they are so GREAT !!!!" Barf! OK, so was the script, but she takes too much of the banality, giving the impression that it's her natural element, which I don't doubt for a minute. The elements of the story are solid. There is, indeed, a serious problem for a black market in antiquities there. True! Very well! Robin Cook's novel, which I haven't seen, might be fine for what I know. It was fun to see the name of Cyril Swern as the sound recordist of the film, as I knew him quite well long ago. Stanley Kubrick's stepdaughter, Katharina, is described as "designer". I wonder what it means? Maybe he did some work. However, the film's antiquities are actually pretty good. And we see a lot of the Cairo Museum and numerous scenic locations. Actually they enter the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I don't imagine it would be allowed today for a movie. A lot of inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. Today would not be good, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. The music for the film is absolutely terrifying, worse than Lesley Anne Down indeed! But there were elements of the soundtrack that were surprisingly authentic, one of which was the cacophony of Cairo traffic noise, which is carefully set in the background, and would make anyone nervous in Cairo. Furthermore, the speaker calls to prayer all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why didn't they get it right? It may have been good.
