I agree with most of the comments I've seen written. I grew up watching Seseme Street before many of the people who wrote comments were even born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 when Seseme Street was shown on television. The show taught me my numbers (Il Conte), spelling (the Muppet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I don't understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in some way, but to make Cookie Monster a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception, why not create a separate "vegetarian monster" that talks / discusses the benefits of a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But, back to my point. I grew up watching the beginning of Seseme Street, my 20 year old daughter grew up watching SS with me by her side, and we discussed Mr. Hooper who died, although he died before his birth, as well as other topics on the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and I still remember how much the event represented, very similar to real life. And I'm sure it hit the cast extremely hard, as all deaths and losses affect families. You saw it on the show and allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show spoke of traditional families, adoptive families and united families. It is one of the few shows that actually discusses these scenarios. Now I have a 5 year old daughter who doesn't look at SS. I've tried to watch the show a couple of times, but, actually, it's not what it used to be. The Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it teaches nothing. It's suitable for less than 18 months (maybe), and it's not even funny. I always prided myself on looking at SS as a child, a teenager and an adult with my son. Now on my second shift, I really have trouble watching SS. The topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new neighborhoods, moving have been linked to children and adults in an easy way to understand and relate to a person of 2-99 years. Now, there are no concepts taught, minimum counting, only the occasional mention of the alphabet. It is NOT the same SS, from an original observer of the show. PLEASE if some producer of the show reads these comments, bring the show back to its foundation. The new concepts were never a problem with SS, they just used a better way to incorporate them into the show.
