If you want to see a film that mixes a Latin country terribly with any other Latin country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, even in its most violent periods, did not show policies or soldiers as much as in this film. This showed a country like El Salvador when the civil war. Since I am a Peruvian living in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was too much fun for me to see the police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver, put a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the front glass of your car and you can drive freely in Peruvian streets (there are taxi companies, but their rates are quite expensive). There is no need for a yellow or black / white strip on the doors of your car. Well, the taxis in this movie have that band, something you will never see in Peru. 3. Peruvians are not dressed in Caribbean style. For example, when a taxi driver comes out, he wears a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and a 40s mustache, like Clark Gable. Not a Peruvian man looks like that, please! Peru is not the Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman in a street with a rather long skirt, like the typical folkloric clothes of Latin America. Take a walk anywhere in Peru, and you'll never find a woman you wear like that, unless you're watching a typical dance. 5. Cast may have been better: I can not deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is not flowing. It is known that Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of excellent Latin actors who could have played the role of Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so fun to see Elizondo and Petronio in General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, doing their best to pronounce Spanish. Without success, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" official, who announced Cardinal Sebastián, also spoke a fairly amusing Spaniard. There are some excellent Peruvian actors, like Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just to mention two of the many Peruvian actors), who could have performed with excellence. 6. I admit that a fiction film can be licensed to invent cities or even countries. But please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: the city depicted in this film should have been called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with a user, who claims that this film was shot in places in Peru. Not a locality is Peruvian, although the production used the excess posters showing "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soda. Like not a few American films, this must have used any Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he should arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, the capital). In fact, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And of course, in Peruvian airports there are no military or police guards. 9. When this John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and, of course, has no air conditioning. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and in other Latin countries), unless you have a 1-star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting against the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their accent was, without doubt, from Colombia. For the casting, the producers should have hired Peruvian actors. In short, it would have been cheaper to shoot in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could go on with other examples of this film, which led me to give it a "1" rating (horrible), but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes from the beginning. But dear producers: it is not a tragedy: there are many worse films with many mistakes. We only remember "Indiana Jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull" and the indescribable Disney "The Emperor's new groove". The list of bad movies could be endless ...
