The film provides a rather condensed version of what is contained in the book, which as far as I can tell by doing some investigative research and checks is largely a work of fiction. In reality, there are no ancient scrolls and if the author has been severely tested I am sure he would have to admit that he never laid eyes on any parchment in ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "precious" texts written as usual by anonymous, have been destroyed by the bad "haters of truth" in the church and in the local government. This is rather strange, given that every year every type of New Age crap comes out - hundreds of books, dozens of films - and the Catholic church doesn't seem very inclined to destroy the movement that probably sees how I do, a total doody shard. I'm not a fan of the church, mind you, but at least the ancient texts on which they base their faith are real. <br /> <br /> It is a typical model of scam artists and religious beggars who claim to have seen or translated old documents that unfortunately were destroyed by "bad" men or in the case of Joseph Smith, have been reported in Paradise once translated. Therefore, real texts cannot be found in any museum like the Smithsonian, nor the translations controlled by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It is a scam. In a way, I admire anyone who is intelligent enough to come up with a great idea and make millions, but I could not do it alone, as I do not wish to deceive the public with New Agey. <Br /> <br /> Occasionally, a true ancient text is found hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered and after carbon dating and the diligent study of the text, considered authentic by the experts. The Gospel of Judas was referred to as a heretic around 300 CE. No church document of that period mentions any Celestine Prophecy as authentic, heretical or anything else. <br /> <br /> We are evolving towards something - it is very true - but the optimism in Celestine's prophecy is not based on anything but fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on a foundation of lies, like a castle built on the sand, it will collapse. The harsh, ugly, overpopulated and cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely than Orizzonte, a common Hippie Utopica where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if it's pure piffle, and you can make millions. Celestine's prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it's a castle built on the sand. Do not get me wrong. I would like God, Celestine's vision was reality, only it is not. No ancient philosophy has ever expressed the ideas expressed in the Intuitions with the modern concept of spiritual evolution that goes hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until the evolution of Darwininan became famous. This means that the ideas in the Celestial Prophecies cannot be older than 1800 BC, and not return to the first period of the B.C.E or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim by New Agers is not at all unusual. The Wiccan claim their brand of magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when in reality no Book of Shadows ever existed before Gerald Gardner who lived in 1900 and was Aleister's friend <br /> <br /> New Age gurus tell lies and argue that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients would nose to such absurdities that are preached by the Gurus today. Why do they do what they do, do they commit this fraud? Simple: there are millions of dollars to be earned and the modern Guru gains power over his followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their claims of love for all things. Every bitter New Age group opposes the others. It's a struggle for your minds and your wallets. <br /> <br /> But learn something from me, which is actually similar to one of the intuitions, learn to follow your instincts and look for guidance from within. May I agree with all my heart.
