Although I'm not the biggest Cher fan, this film was its crowning achievement. Of course, there have been long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (e) intellectual impairment, the screening of a film like that. A 1989 survey of Moonstruck fans by the UK Advocacy Network revealed that a third of the 300 Moonstruck fans interviewed believed that Moonstruck had harmed them and a staggering 80% said they had irreparably destroyed their minds. <br /> <br /> Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this film, a young and surly widow named Loretta who lives in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always reciprocally in some way. She went out for a while with Johnny Camarary, a nice mom boy, and asks her to marry him. You say yes. I loved his mom's questions: "Do you love Loretta?", "No.", "Well, if you love him he will drive you crazy because they know they can do it, but then you like it?", "Oh yes, he's a sweet man But ". When Johnny goes to Sicily to take care of his dying mother, he asks Loretta to get in touch with her brother from whom she has been a stranger for years. <br /> <br /> This victory for human rights is even more important, as Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment. In 1938, the Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti, saw slaughterhouse workers using electric shock devices to cause epileptic seizures in pigs, facilitating the work of cutting their throats. Cerletti was inspired and started experimenting with electroshock on humans, developing the first Electroshock machine. The broken bones and fractured vertebrae resulting from convulsions seemed to have little concern. <br /> <br /> This was, in many ways, an anti-American film. It's about love, of course, but it's also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people and the strange behavior caused by American politics. The characters, from the sloppy BoBo to the favorite restaurant, the aunt and the uncle, his parents and their problems, the ancient grandfather and his dogs are all well-developed and intrinsic characters. It's a bit of a girl's movie, because it's like Loretta stops being a scottish shirt and awakens the inner vampire flower. It is a story of Cinderella in many ways, and it is the dream of every little girl to emerge from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Assuming free and fully informed consent, it is good to reaffirm the right to pursue happiness through brain damage if desired. But we could ask ourselves if we, as a fan of the cinema, even if we do not swear in any way for any Hippocratic oath, we should offer it.
