Disney has now realized straight-to-video sequels with many of their many animated features. Two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not actually sequels, as both are placed among the events of the first film. The first of these two straight-to-video films was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to dislike many fans of its theatrical predecessor, but I think we can usually expect sequels. However, this second, "Belle's Magical World", is decidedly inferior. <br /> <br /> The film features three stories, all set while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell of the enchantress. The first is "The Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast leads to trouble, and neither of them wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere is underway, and Lumiere is unprepared, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing love with Belle, and thinks he is really in love. The film ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably spoil if the Beast finds out, how he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The description of the plot I gave is for the original VHS version of the third Disney movie "Beauty and the Beast". Apparently, in the DVD version, there is another added story called "Mrs. Potts's Party", but I only saw the original version. However, since I strongly doubt that a story stands out as a classic for the rest, I see no reason to look at the special edition. However, the first thing I will say about "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we are used to from Disney, which obviously would disappoint many people. I didn't really like "Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas", but you certainly can't say the same about its animation. I'm sure the stories in "The Magic World of Belle" could entertain many children (mostly younger ones, I think), and every story has a moral, so they might even teach them some valuable lessons. However, for adults, the film does not really have much. Personally I didn't find any good humor, I discovered that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast got tired, and the stories did not impress me in any way at all (they are not very well written). In "The Perfect Word", the way Belle tells the Beast, "You're being rude ... and silly!" it's a bit rough, and I think there are many other sweet moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> When this movie was released for the video, I was about eleven or twelve. I don't know what I would have thought at that moment, because I had lost interest in Disney since then, and it would have taken years before I regained that interest. Even when this film was released for the first time, I think I was a little behind the age bracket it was intended for. I've never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until a couple of months ago, but unlike that movie, I've never heard of it until recently, I think immediately after seeing the first sequel of the 1991 Disney movie. Well, as much as I like the theatrical original, I wouldn't have missed much if I hadn't realized the existence of this movie. For the little ones, I'm sure "Belle's Magical World" can be a lot of fun, and probably a little educational with its moral, but I don't recommend it for adult Disney fans.
