Quite right! Less than 9 on average, but maybe under 12 for others! I was 11 when I saw it on video and in my youth I was not able to notice the poor quality of cartoons or the fact that those classic characters we have all learned to love are neither equal nor beautiful to look at. Almost everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I agree, not even beautiful but just a simple-looking woman with colored skin, she always wears the same bright blue dress with a non-glamorous dress, Wardrobe is the least, annoying - my ears can bleed if you listen to her every day! Lumiere, both in the original and in the Christmas edition, was sweet and elegant, but here is a feminizing tweet, not funny! Cogsworth, despite being the unscrupulous housekeeper for whom he is famous, is a complete sh-t and the most unbearable character I would say! He always seems to find himself closing that unbearably strident mess of his difficult in this and whose dial should have been used to go back in time to the unforgettable two films of this series! Poor, poor Mrs Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classical actresses), but by Anne Rogers who did not capture the character of Mrs Potts, without offending her! Not if she did her best! When the beast roars it sounds so horribly fake with clearly no additional roar, growl or growl from a microphone. I am aware that this is only a third feature after two other films, so obviously it would not be as good, but I am sure that more than one contribution would not have damaged the Disney artists who, in reality, have achieved such remarkable animation styles during Some years. Okay, I guess, and I look at it sometimes, but only when it suits me. It is rather difficult to make a recommendation for your reading because it depends on how old you are, but remember that this will not be at all what you might expect after the previous spectacular movies! And to think that in my video the text on the back of the cover said "boast a brilliant animation"! It's a good film, but first of all it's also very poor and, for another, those 3 words should have been saved for the next reprint of the original!
