SPOILER WARNING: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan to watch the film. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has a policy to make lots of movies and show one a month on the cable channel. Most of these are mediocre and monotonous, with some good elements but still disappointing (`Phantom of the Megaplex ',' Half sister from the strange planet ',' Zenon: The girl of the 21st century '). Sometimes they make a really, really great movie (`Genius, 'The Other Me'). But once in a while The Disney Channel makes a huge mistake and gives us a real smell. This month (December 2000) The Disney Channel featured "The Ultimate Christmas Present", which I thought was terrible due to bad writing and worse acting. Apparently, "The Brainiacs.com" came out of haste a few days before Christmas to take a break on holiday, because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid for a feature in the TV guide, so I thought it was better than the norm. I was in complete shock. Only Disney's "Model Behavior" was worse than this. <br /> <br /> The plot was more far-fetched than normal. I usually slide, but here it goes too far. Matthew Tyler gets very sick of his widowed father who spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has taken large loans in a scrupulous bank to stay afloat. From time to time, his father must skip the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he becomes the boss and orders him to stay at home. He has a catchy idea to create a website where children from all over the world can find him and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister is making up. The whole concept is full of errors. When the children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his company's bank account and buys most of his father's company shares. He is the secret leader, but does not reveal it to his father, but instead presents himself at board meetings as an image of a cartoon through a computer. That image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, let alone someone who comes across a fool like Matthew. In short, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent is questioning about Matthew's company, as it is fraudulent. <br /> <br /> There is so very wrong here. As mentioned, the things they do here are impossible even for the real geniuses, which these guys are not. The website, the image of the cartoon, the computer chip, even the things that are taught in school, are too advanced for these children. The acting of most of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil owner of the bank, but his part is a gimmick. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows that she has the capacity to act) in which she explains her motivations, but nothing more. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as a judge. There are even some offensive and unreported anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are the tormented themes. These themes are featured in many The Disney Channel films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been hammered so hard. The typical idea of ​​"parent overwork" is really strong, and having delivered it inappropriately in "The Ultimate Christmas Present", seeing it again offends my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless preaching, because working is also important to maintain a workable family. Except for canceling the activities due to work, the father didn't look so bad, but I found him offensive when his grandmother told him "I don't like what I see". Equally bad is the preaching of the idea that all single parents should get married if they want to raise their children in the right way. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, though important for the plot, is there just to be the love interest for her father. This offensiveness only shows that trust in Disney's brain is brainless to avoid scraping the bottom of the barrel of the Disney script. Instead of letting this movie teach your kids how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It must be better than this. Zantara score: 1 out of 10.
