I strongly agree with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly stupid (at best) and very misleading, uninformative and harmful (at worst). Like others, I found this film a horrible mix of "real" science and pseudoscientific propaganda, New Age. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was particularly offended by the contributions of Candace Pert. Of course, I wasn't a fan of his before this film, but his talk about cell "consciousness" was one of the best examples of taking a term ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning for most people and his I use it in such a distorted way that it obscures rather than clarifies. It is an old Orwellian mind that the master himself described so well in his superb essay "Politics and English language". Referring to "consciousness" in this way - in fact, referring to this film as "based on science" in general (which is its clear intent) - is to use language in the same way as Stalin used when he labeled his slave states "democratic republics" and Hitler when he called his party a "socialist worker" movement. I don't pretend to really understand quantum physics. I know enough to know that to really understand it would take considerable study. Ah, but we Americans love "instant illumination", and that's what a movie mistake tries to accomplish. If he asked questions, it would be one thing, but he clearly tries to ask and respond to them, something that no film could ever do simply because we are very, very far from the answers (if they actually exist). <br /> <br /> By the way, ethically this film needs a disclaimer on the association of several "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Knight, who often speaks in his voice "Ramtha". (I am always amazed at this understanding by a Atlantean superman of 10,000 years ago of concepts and terminology of the 21st century, but even in this case the past, the present and the future are all the same, so if Ramtha existed at Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I suppose it could exist now and tomorrow Only then, why was his financial advice so unbelievably bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I'm the creator of "good" and "bad" advice, so it's all my fault, not Ramtha's.) <br /> <br /> What a mess.
