A definite no. A resounding NO This film is a real disaster. <br /> <br /> I was advised by a friend in "that sort of thing", I watched this movie with some anticipation of being informed, changed, moved, altered, relieved, and all the other positive mystical things that could happen when I suddenly see The Truth. Now this may seem like someone who is already predisposed to hunting anything that has to do with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I try to be open on any presentation and then decide accordingly. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I found slightly interesting and informative was the part about peptides, emotions, addiction and cellular receptors. That was the only "unifying" element that I found in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary has gone around on different topics and has never seemed to unify and coexist, trying to tie and conclude a point. And what was all that stuff about Native Americans who couldn't see the ships Columbus entered? Who told the "authorities" in this film that this had happened in 1492? Where are they too? If they had compared it to the scientific work done in the field of visual cognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit the Visual Cognition Lab on the site of the University of Illinois) there may have been a more convincing point. Here, however, he looked like an unsupported mystical mumbo-jumbo. <br /> <br /> As a movie: this was not a movie, they were two. I found the documentary part slightly interesting, just to hear people talking about what they were talking about (I was annoyed that their credentials weren't presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) But I found the "story" part of the film with Matlin in it annoying, disjointed, intrusive, unrelated and absolutely stupid. That bit of Polish marriage with that dance wasn't funny at all. It was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophomoric and stupid. And I found the word "Pollack" offensive. It seemed so out of place and wrong. Does this use okay because a group member uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? It might be right to make a point, but it doesn't seem to be used this way here. And in any case, I don't care what the reason is, he offended me, a Pole. I never call myself or refer to my ethnic background as "Pollack". And I certainly don't like it when others do it. Can I watch or listen to a bigoted conversation in which this term is used? I bet! But again this does not seem to be the case here. He really seemed out of place. Unprovocked, unmitigated. <br /> <br /> The acting was abysmal. Elaine Hendrix's performance was absolutely incredible. Sometimes he seemed to be reading the lines he had just given her. Marlee Matlin for the most part seemed to be the sleep that walked through this whole thing. Perhaps she was baffled by the material. I know I was. If you were to represent a disenchanted discontent prone to doped anxiety, you don't really seem to click. But by far, the worst in the world was Hendrix! All in all, I found this piece of bumpy and poorly acted clapet trap.
