It seems that the creators of this film had difficulty deciding what their message was. As a result, they had even more trouble delivering it. They began by describing poorly the principles of quantum physics that refer to subatomic particles. Having established a confused image of Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle, they presented a barrage of speaking heads that constructed a case of ridiculous logic that claimed that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there were a lot of discussions about the ideas Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins have made their career: positive thinking, breaking bad models, the positive side, etc. Then it came a little bit about how our brain can change our body through protein production: hormones we more or less choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's that simple, isn't it? Intertwined with our lessons we follow the fictitious life of Amanda, a photographer who snaps anti-depressants and hates her thighs. The film producers slowly but surely were trying to make us all say: "Hey, Amanda, rejoice!" Why can't he cheer up? Obviously it's because the world is a BAD place where there is crime, poverty and religion, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the whole of the second half) caused a flurry of contradictions. We are all part of an entire energy in which we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of each of us because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have a purpose for doing good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is nothing right or wrong, so there is no such thing as reward or punishment, so nothing good ever come out of religion, but we should still do good anyway, even if there is nothing so ugly and good because there is no one who can decide what it is, except that each of us can make life good if everyone we meditate and then the crime will cease, and if we say nice things, our water will freeze into beautiful shapes. Still with me? Good because there's more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", the entire meditation experiment conducted by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the numbers were judged, and the murder rate was higher that year each year before or after . And what about your positive attitude that keeps you young and healthy? This was a message delivered by an older man who looked like his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> So all this works or not? I was lucky enough to see the film in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the film's three directors (yes, three) put in questions after the show. I call myself lucky because I had the first-hand confirmation that these people don't know what they're talking about. Many of the questions asked by members of the public have so baffled her that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the answer. Eventually I had to leave when the discussion inevitably turned into politics, and everyone, including Mrs Chasse, began to speculate on how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could watch this movie.
