This was a lousy movie, with a lot of nonsense and too many uncertainties to count. I saw this film only because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made it a cameo, and I kept watching it because, as a girl, I love every movie that includes male nudity to change. Later, I found myself wondering how ridiculous the plot could be, and each time it became ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (good-looking Chris L. McKenna, whom I've never seen before, but I love his little nude scene) is making ends meet as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of "Cheers"). Thinking he is getting more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, playing a stereotypically wicked boy). Ray is investigated by a City Hall accountant (Ron Livingston in a cameo, which I fell in love with "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray ends up offering Sean $ 13k, apparently desperate to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean leaves the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) feels attracted, completes the blow and leaves - taking with him the information file against Ray. Sean quickly learns that he was in use, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as leverage to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, it's a descent film ... generally worth looking at. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their crew kidnap Sean to gather information about the file from him, he just became more stupid and stupid (and still DUMBER ...), until he finally seemed to be the film's writer, Charlie Higson , he had been out of a 10-day hangover and realized that he needed to desperately understand how to end the series of implausible messes he had created before a deadline or something. Without simply detailing the film, we say that in every single scene you look after the abduction, you find yourself gasping "what you f ** K!", Puzzled by the absurdities in progress while Sean follows a fairly graphic and gross path to redemption. In the end, there are still many shellfish in the film, which you begin to regret having even looked at. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should just watch after you hit the cable, and you should have enough beer and friends around to tease the movie for its full value. It should be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to give yourself to the film when you have "Norm" from "Cheers" and a brother Baldwin who does the dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy that really makes no sense damned. The boys will love scenes of violence, blood and guts, and absolutely useless sex scenes and boob scenes. The girls will enjoy Sean's beautiful lightning in a mainstream film, when the girls are almost always laid bare in a movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth looking at for more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the film.
