Oh, how we have a bonfire here; a film so ugly that your mind will be astonished and slip into other things while wasting your time with incredibly poor brain production values; character stereotypes of the worst and racist kind since D.W. Griffith was referring to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; characters so little imaginative and not engaging that it is difficult to look at, as well as a plot that follows the slow, stupid and useless rhythm that you question the same people who say they love this film. <br /> <br /> The honor of Prizzi is a film that ends up being an absolute post-modern disaster in every possible way. The film is a disorderly and meaningless disaster that directed John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson stare and everyone else fills the gaps like stupid stereotypes or supporting characters who cry on a phone every now and then or argue with a main character. Is the Honor of Prizzi a film that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and general crime ?? this twinning with his director and his cast should be enough to push him through a sort of story; a sort of sequence of good scenes; a kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else but no? what we get is an unpleasant and ugly film that revolves around nothing. <br /> <br /> I will give a couple of examples of how unpleasant this horror movie show is. First, the film thinks it's a love story and thinks about it for about an hour of its time: of my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a murderer who kills people for a family he works for in New York, yet he resembles his One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest character rather than an international killer. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another murderer, and they hit him, but as an excuse for a plot, it seems that not everything is right. I read that the plot of this film is: "A professional hit man and a stricken woman fall in love, only to find out that they were hired to kill the other". Well, yes it is true but that true revelation does not happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as someone with an IQ of 60: walks around; apparently making observations and talking aloud about the things he sees; does he talk like he's drunk or has a more serious problem from the inside and worst of all we never have the feeling he's a murderer ?? a murderer shot very early (which actually happens off screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is a brave, the best of the best, international hit man. <br /> <br /> So with a main character Who is not nice and unrealistic, let's move on to the script. The first hour and a half is only a cinematic dead zone with what ever there is to suggest traces of life simply of the bad conventions: Partanna moves on the telephone or in person always asking the same things: "The bridegroom? What is love? What do I do? "And it becomes so repetitive, it is not even able to behave like a good mood. This twinned the way he always seemed to be on the phone with someone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by the daughter of director John; that absolutely did not serve the plot and seemed to be there for the laughter as it was the scene in which she tells her father how she slept with Partanna and loved her ?? this made me think, was it supposed to be fun? Should I laugh? The film looked like an image of intelligent mafia with its wedding opening scene (alá The Godfather) and sequential scenes with a touch of noir like gangsters, policemen and murderers were introduced to the film. But what we get is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around a kind of kidnapping; true, love and romance are addressed ?? maybe the movie will start. I was so wrong: with more characters talking continuously very slowly and deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene that involves a boy leaving his office: this scene sums up the film. Everything is programmed briefly and then executed in a thoughtful and stupid way that makes it appear trivial. We can't see them coming to some dramatic music; maybe they have to go through security to get to the elevators; maybe they have to watch out for civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when that casual woman comes out of the elevator and the gunshot occurs? the scene is not even modified correctly. Some suspense, some drama: "I shoot or not?"; maybe a little slow movement like the character has to draw quickly before it's too late ?? everything except how it was actually performed. Prizzi's honor continues its monotonous and uninteresting decline in film oblivion as it approaches its peak. It is a film in which the cameras reflect in windows; the lights are reflected on the sides of the cars and the "dead" drivers flash when they are hit. The Honor of Prizzi is a confused and messy film that will try the patients of any spectator and not say that it was a comedy because I didn't laugh with it ?? A is another question. The film is repetitive, elaborate and colorless in its vision and scope for originality - there is no honor here.
