After seeing the MIDNIGHT OFFERS, I am still convinced that the first decent film on witches (adolescents) has yet to be realized. I didn't think much of THE CRAFT or CHARMED. The only film I liked more or less (on teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even that wasn't very good. But the changes are that if you like all the films above, you will also like the MIDNIGHT OFFERS. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a silly and vulgar movie from the 80s on high school teenage witches. But I was rather surprised that this whole movie is pretty serious. The acting is decent and serious all the time. No joke is played by teenagers or something. And the musical score, at the beginning, I thought was pretty good. He added a bit of bravado and also something "classy", with the use of threatening violins and everything else. But as the film progressed I came to the conclusion that the score was too ambitious. They didn't have to add those threatening violins when you simply see someone jumping on a car and then running off at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there's Melissa Sue Anderson, which was the main reason I saw this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a rather amusing slasher movie, often made up (and silly on some occasions) that she had made in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS. And I must say that she was as good as the cold and cold Vivian witch. But the main problem with the film is that almost nothing happens! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but that's all. Then there is Robin, the good witch, who is just learning her powers. And we expect the two of them to use their powers more than once, but on one occasion they use their powers to send pieces of wood and other things like bullets flying into the air. Was it supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular show-down between the witches at the end of the film with at least some special effects, blazing eyes or whatever ... but nothing happens. There is a sort of confrontation in the end, but it is a great disappointment. <br /> <br /> So the acting of the two witches was good. The soundtrack was decent (though overly ambitious). And the cinematography was rather dark and moody at times. But that doesn't make it a good movie yet, does it?
