As often happens, movies about characters who hate themselves usually don't make good drama. "Downloading Nancy" is no exception. It is supposed to be based on a true story of a woman being killed at her request by someone she meets on the internet. <br /> <br /> The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game that his company has successfully marketed in various bars and bars / restaurants. Unlike most humans, Albert has practically no positive attributes (except for his ability to succeed in the business world). Throughout the film, Albert has a grim and severe expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife with all her emotional problems and resorts to prostitute whores. When his wife asks for sex, he punishes her by masturbating instead in his presence. <br /> <br /> Nancy is equally monotonous as a character. Not only did she have a 15-year loveless marriage, but she was sexually abused by her uncle when she was growing up (luckily there is no flashback to that story in the movie). His contempt for himself takes the form of self-mutilation and a result, is forced to therapy. However, he has such contempt for his therapist that no progress can be made. <br /> <br /> Finally, Nancy is so depressed that she contacts Louis on the internet. It's a sort of sadomasochist gigolo, who has sex with women for money while inflicting enormous amounts of pain to boot. It is revealed that Louis has two children but does not see them anymore (the children's mother no longer wants to have anything to do with him). Nancy's plan is to have painful sex with Louis first and then kill her. There's a particularly unpleasant scene in which Louis has sex with Nancy as she cuts her vaginal area with a piece of broken glass. These scenes are shown as flashbacks after Louis visits Albert who binds him and hits him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a double plan to go see Albert: 1) scold him for Nancy's treatment and 2) enjoy the beatings he receives. It takes a while before Louis reveals Nancy's fate first, forcing Albert to do him the favor of bringing his dog to a relative, so someone in the future will take care of him. The fate of Nancy, of course, is that eventually Louis ended up choking her to death (but he showed some hesitation before making it clear that he had some "feelings" for her). Soon we find out that Louis was imprisoned for life for Nancy's murder. <br /> <br /> What exactly are we to take away from a movie like Downloading Nancy? Should we feel sorry for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is this the main point of the film? Is sympathy for Nancy actually justified? I don't think so. The writers of the film create a straw man in the character of Albert ?? someone who is so isolated from his emotions that he is held responsible for Nancy's decline. But are people so one-dimensional in real life? I do not think so. They have the repulsive Louis, a man who makes a living by inflicting pain, approaches and scolds Albert for neglecting Nancy. Also, his expressions of love towards Nancy (before he kills her) should show his "sensitive side". <br /> <br /> In the end, it doesn't matter if the filmmakers have defined where the various characters in the film find their sympathies. They are so determined to tickle their audience with scenes of gratuitous violence, that Downloading Nancy becomes nothing more than an exercise in bad taste and soft pornography.
