There is nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and the "chief prosecutor" on the other. Rigid but unimaginative lighting and photography derive from the escaped noir cycle. The story could easily have come from a Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft in the lead. Performances are routine, flat direction, and even the dressing room set. (An alley is shown by a single simulated brick wall, with a poster on it. The poster says "Post No Bills".) We are presented with the story and some characters by a portentous narrator who informs us that while most part of the unions work hard and honestly to advance the causes of their members, some are corrupt. But we don't know much about the unions or how they operate, although I suppose they were fair game after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years earlier. Here are just a peg to hang the story. The real call manager is a well-established lawyer who handles things through three or four criminals. The district attorney (or whatever) discovers, as did Dana Andrews in "Boomerang", that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is charged with murder and spends the rest of the film almost alone, digging up Foran's innocence evidence . Face fists and shoot like any private cinema eye. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is the D.A. He showed some insinuating talent shows elsewhere, but he spends most of his time talking quietly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice rummy but he can't make a good drunk. Beverley Garland is ok, but is undermined by the management, who has his gaze fixed on a disco when he should be stealthy. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a TV series. <br /> <br /> And nobody is helped by writing. When a "girl B" is about to be sent by the union to the Filipinos, someone advises her to learn only a few words of Spanish. "I only know one word", he says, "Yes. Yes." The writers did not trust the public to know that "yes" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in his apartment in a night club. He enters the door and has a gun pushed into his back by a yegg, but he outsmarts the heavy and puts him out of action. Then order someone to call the police. The rest of the scene, played far and wide in the nightclub downstairs, forgets all about the police and they never show up, nor are they expected by anyone. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people may enjoy themselves, but there are similar things, better done elsewhere.
