A group of hunters track down a werewolf, kill it, behead it and then sell the head to Dr. Atwill (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Chemical researcher Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid slipped into his face during a laboratory explosion, is the unfortunate recipient of the werewolf's eyes. It takes a while to get to the first full moon, so first we get a tender love affair between Rich and his big-chested compassionate nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she takes off her clothes and starts riding Rich in bed before she even has a chance to take off the bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returns home to his frosty wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who promptly tells him "You look pretty ugly" before accelerating in his Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not just a bitch, but an adulterous skulée who is pursuing a relationship with her alleged friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and Rich finds himself in a difficult situation when he turns into a werewolf (very stupid) creature. Predictable carnage follows. <br /> <br /> After tearing off Craig's throat on a beach, Rich wakes up in the brush the next morning with his ragged clothes and vague memories of the evening's events. He befriends the dwarf psychic / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is haunted by both local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and Justine Evers (Tarri Markel), lesbian-police-detective-in-a-pants- suit. When Rich confronts dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his sadistic bald henchman Kass (Eric Mestressat), who takes a kick with the corpses dismembered with a machete at the clinic, after him. With Sondra's help, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to his place and practically rapes him on the couch during a long sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for this before claiming more victims? <br /> <br /> Filmed at low cost with a video camera, this home-made werewolf film has a rather special premise with the corner of the eye transplant, but trots clichés after cliché otherwise. The sets are at sub porn level - the clinical scenes seem to have been filmed inside someone's home or apartment. The wolf's transformation scenes are not even as beautiful as the time lapse photography used in the 1940s. Instead, they employ ragged changes. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw some more. Cut. More hair ... and fill his mouth full of white foam that can spit. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fading, no fading, nothing. It is rather sloppy. Once completely transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and shot the film) is pretty horrible. He has the bright red eyes of a Christmas light bulb, a fur that looks like a carpet of cloth and an almost completely immobile plastic face. Are there several times when you can see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera lens and the moon is really full for five nights in a row? As for the cast, they are amateur but tolerable. And as for the horror films B, there's worse out there. This rhythm is quite good, it lasts only 70 minutes and provides a lot of red stuff during the attack scenes, as well as the aforementioned T & A by Ms. Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to ride the wave of digital video just when he was beginning to dominate the low-budget / independent in the mid / late 90s. Many of his notoriously horrible productions have been released by Brain Damage Films, a label to avoid like the plague for the most part. The guy Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-director here in IMDb, but not in the closing credits of the film) and Vinnie Budget (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make the game much more fun and refined movie of exploitation WEREWOLF IN PRISON OF A WOMAN in 2006, which had a similar-looking creature on display (bright red eyes and all).
