I wanted to give Drawing Blood the benefit of the initial doubt. The initial moments, with a nude woman lying down and a painter, Diana, about to paint her and then suck her blood to empty so that she could use it for her art, giving the impression that this could be an art from the butt - blow of vampire. It turns out that this initial impression is false. Oh, Troma, the mark of some kind of lack of quality: sometimes they offer something that is junk but fun and with at least some skill for the junk food trade (or, sometimes not). This is a case in which it is not even very fun to watch since his attempts at humor (ie the father of the protagonist is an old Vaudevillian who makes the impressions of Jimmy Durante?) Are weak at best, and any involuntary laughter it is undercut by Sergio Lapel, director of the bargain basement. <br /> <br /> And it's not without him trying, oh Lord no. He tries a lot, which is a big part of the problem. He and his producers had money for the lights, of course, but the way they were used in the film meant that I, a former director and aspiring director, had silenced myself: if I had seen this in a theater I would have had to blinding my eyes in many cases, and wondering if his DP really did include the basic setting of 3-point lighting. While this, along with a very lackluster sound design (or just a lot of random buzzing like in the art gallery scene), shouldn't be something that draws attention during a Troma release, it should be something * basic * that a director can address even if the script is not very funny or scary (and it isn't) or if Lapel makes a strange mixture of songs placed in bizarre moments. <br /> <br /> It is not a good movie anywhere and maybe if you are a very hard-to-die vampire (or just a period of vampires) it might have a little charm as an alternative to the basement at a low rental price in Near Dark, or as a slight improvement compared, for example, to Blood Freak in 1972. You have better ways to waste time, in general.
