This adaptation, as in 1949 * The Heiress *, is based on the novel by Henry James. * The Heiress *, with Olivia de Havilland, remains a well-respected work, though less faithful to James's original story than this new remake, which retains James's original title. It is the story of an awkward but loving daughter (Leigh), devoted to her father (Finney) after her mother dies during childbirth. The arrogant father takes no account of his daughter and considers her, like all women, simple. When a young man (Chaplin) of good family and little luck comes to court, the Father is naturally suspicious, but feeling so sure that his daughter could not care for any man, is convinced that the young man is a hunter of fortune and forbids it see him. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? most love it or hate it ?? and always has a particular nervousness and tension in his style, as if acting through tight teeth. Isn't she bad at this, and she handles her role relatively skilfully ?? it's just an embarrassing role for any actress, making the audience want to grab the character by her shoulders and shake him until she comes back to herself. While the character shows a lot of sympathy, she is not particularly nice. The beautiful and captivating Ben Chaplin (already seen in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery required to keep the public from guessing if he is looking for his fortune, or if he is really in love her . Maggie Smith is one of the most beautiful actresses lives and greatly increases the level of the film with her interpretation of the well-intentioned aunt. Finney is wonderful, of course, like the father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for his disobedience, but the daughter is willing to risk for the man she loves. But does her ardent suitor still want her without her luck? This is just an instance where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another instance is the ability to follow it. It's a nice tedious film like a dripping tap, which offers too little history in a movie that is too long.
