Edwin Porter's 1903 short film entitled "The Great Train Robbery" bursts onto the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity that it prepares to be swept away by another pioneering film. Just like "A Trip to the Moon" by Melies, critics hailed this as the film that introduced Western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. Did he have everything from planning, the real train robbery, the murder of an unwanted civilian, and that imminent final scene that makes you understand that these villains mean business? it was all monumental for his time. From here to Eastwood, every Western director has used Porter's image in one form or another to create his own story. This film cannot be said to have opened the door, but the struggle comes from history itself. Has the genus been defined by Porter, but outside of its initial excitement? there really is nothing to try out. Maybe I'm exhausted by the clichés of modern westerns and their random messages, but how can something be cliché before being cliché? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seemed forced, untraceable and not surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Thieves change the course of a train, steal it, then fire at random to prove they are the real villains, and the final scene ends up like a predestined movie, with no surprises or inconveniences, and that looming man with a gun to your proverbial face . It's tasteless. Porter's film is boring. In the edition I saw, there was an addition of color towards the end to emphasize the emotions, which felt cheap and were not encouraging for the director or the viewer. The problem remains that while it is important, Porter's film has been borrowed over and over again, in fact it has become diluted. The story itself does not carry the emotional power it once had. Unlike the first Melies movie, I can't see it anymore. I know what happened, I know that there is very little that is missing behind the scenes and that it is finally just what he set out to be ?? a simple story that goes from point A to point B to point C. This problem is not only my complaint with this film, but also the strongest element to see in such an ancient film. While it was boring, the fact that he told a story so strong ?? that our characters were characters with motivations and impulses, it was exceptional to see. In an age where science fiction films seemed mainstream, this broke the mold. Again, not that I jump on the prophetic bandwagon of this movie ?? is it an important film ?? Overall, I was looking forward to jumping into this film to see where the roots of the Western genre were planted, but I was just as happy to leave this film behind. Porter is a talented director and G.M. Obviously Anderson has been very successful in the created field, but I was not at all intimidated by the film. I didn't expect big budget effects like Melies, nor did I expect a duplicate of "A Trip to the Moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt that Porter played it safe, if that could be said with such an old film, but I couldn't feel the excitement like our bad guys did their bad deeds. I wasn't rooting for anyone, and the final conclusion showed that the kitsch of it had vanished a few minutes after the film began. He was pioneering, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" has lost its space in the time capsule of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Vote: ** out of *****
