Cartoon Network seems desperate for evaluations. Beginning with the annulment of Samurai Jack, the net seemed a bit fat in removing all the shows that made it so popular, like the Powerpuff, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When the evaluations began to fall, the CN began to put on some beautiful mediocre shows. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder are distinguished by their skillful writing and the tricks that the public likes, there are a lot of other shows that are either terrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or repercussions of other shows, like The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack, where the title character behaves just like Spongebob, and then there's Johnny Test, which is something of a substitute for Dexter's Laboratory, even though it's more of a real rip-off than anything. <br /> <br /> The characters in the show are clearly derived from Dexter's Lab, only this time the focus is on Johnny, a blond (or fiery-haired) character who torments his twin sisters, Susan and Mary, who are born just like Dexter, with orange hair, glasses, impossible technology. There's even a rival genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and talking dog, one of Dexter ... I mean, Susan and Mary's first experiments. <br /> <br /> Dexter's lab was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simple but effective artistic style, the adorable main character and episodes that didn't seem to be long. Johnny Test is very different. The artistic style here is not so appealing. In fact, it looks absolutely horrible. The characters have reasons that make them really boring or repugnant. Like most episodes of the series are the search for Johnny and Dookie for the chaos in the neighborhood girl Sissy, to whom Johnny secretly likes, or the twins' obsession with a boy next door. Seeing these two genes pass out at the sight of the abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you would never want to associate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing is the heavily exploited series in his name is that Johnny is Susan and Mary's guinea pig for their experiments. These range from turning Johnny into fat, ugly, monstrous and even a woman. The twins then help Johnny in any scheme he is planning in exchange for his services. Whenever there is an episode involving this type of "win / win", it is usually canceled out and those that do not completely get off the rails never end satisfactorily. <br /> <br /> Writing ranges from mediocre to horrid, however. The "fat" episode constantly repeats "It's Phat with a PH. There is a difference, you know." which is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode seems to PROMOTE childhood obesity, with Johnny becoming a famous star with money and video games just getting fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show doesn't completely rip Dexter's Lab. The show throws a lot of characters, from two Men-in-Blacks named Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all his problems solved through Johnny and his sisters, and MANY of super villains, even though here, the show steals new ideas for other sources, like a Mr. Freeze clone, an evil cat with a butler who wants the Cats control the man (like the evil talking cat of Powerpuff Girls), a clumsy manic genius, a trio of evil "dudes" skaters and even a Mole Man, which is probably the most cliched villain in the media. <br /> <br /> To complete it all, along with its ugly animation and its unlikely characters, dubbing is passable (like the voices for Mr. Black and Mr. White) to the simple split (Johnny, Dookie, and almost all the bad guys on the show). The theme song seems to be the only catchy thing for this show, but then only a few episodes have been redone with a band that has only ruined it. <br /> <br /> So, in the end, Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. His horrible references and jokes about adolescent culture will dismantle children's interest in the show, while its brilliant coloring, ripped characters and enthralling episodes will ruin the experience for teenagers. It's just another one of those nasty shows that Cartoon Network is promoting too much to get people to watch it (like MTV to rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your children for half an hour, it is best to stick to Spongebob, because Johnny Test is more a "test" of patience than anything else.
