There are no reasons to take this documentary seriously and there are four reasons for this: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or of Serbian origin, therefore the criteria of neutrality fail. For example, they mentioned that Diaspora Croats (the so-called "Ustase") played an important role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but did not mention that there were also equal Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For you who are not familiar with the history of the Balkans of World War II: the so-called Serbian "Cetniks" who were described in the documentary as being so kind to help British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's only half the truth. They were also a fascist (monarch) group that collaborated with the Germans, but then changed positions when Hitler started losing the war. It is also ironic that the documentary does not mention the leader Cetnik Mihajlovic, a man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But a certain Ante Pavelic mentioned ... Hm ... Let me just be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the people interviewed are totally unknown to me. And I studied this war for a long time (who is the old British lady !!! She didn't really do her homework!) And they aren't even presented by name, so they could more or less be someone, maybe someone they took from the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs have lived there for years, and therefore should belong to Serbia (even if they are a minority). Well, when they mention the part of Serbia dominated by Croatia (Krajina) suddenly the Serbs are portrayed as having the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Well, what people don't know is that the largest city in the Krajina (Knin) has great historical importance for the Croatian people. It was there that one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned, and therefore the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. It's right? For me it seems a double standard of morality from the director. Furthermore, in the documentary it is said that the Croatian constitution had no law on minority rights, this is a lie because it was one of the first laws implemented WHY the fact that Croatia had a huge Serbian minority. > <br /> 4) The film is about a radical Croatian paramilitary leader called Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a great reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention Serbian radical paramilitary leaders like Seselj and Arkan? The defects are so many that I have just presented some, just so that people can have an overview of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they feared that their Serbian relatives would slap them or something. There are not many documentaries out there that are of good quality, but the best one so far is "The Death of Yugoslavia" in which all the significant war participants are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic etc. ) and where you get a full 5-hour explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment on this documentary in which the person was frustrated by why the United States supported a country (Bosnia) that had ties to Bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents and since the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (previously they were called "Croatian Muslims") they had to rely on something else besides nationality to raise the spirit among the people, and this was connecting them to the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they took help from the Mujahedin because no one else would support them. They had to fight the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people during the war. History has shown us this.
