This is easily the worst Presley vehicle ever, which brings us very close to the worst movie ever made. It is measurably worse even than the disgusting song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It happened at the world fair", and here I thought of that moment when Elvis buys all the balloons of the seller for his girlfriend, and then the balloon seller gets jiggy to the band was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be surpassed. I usually enjoy the casual Elvis movie, if only for the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to sit. This, however, should be called "Live a little, I wish you were a bit dead" and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier who plays Otello. <br /> <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a hippy freelance photographer with the exception of the Establishment haircut. After a fun morning of reckless driving, she ends up at the beach where she is kidnapped by a woman whose name changes according to the scene and who is speaking to her. Clearly Michele Carey was selected for his resemblance and ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I had seen him without glasses, I would have thought it was the end of the 1960s to play Liz as the female lead). His dog is on Elvis until he bumps into the water and takes comfortable pneumonia from the film, then keeps him drugged out of his conscience in his beach den for so long he loses his job and his apartment in order to move the his things in his house before he wakes up without even telling her (the public doesn't even know it until Elvis tries to get back to work and his boss beat him for no reason, except he deserved it for making this movie , and tries to go home and finds some hateful woman in a slip who lives in his house). Rather than being arrested for kidnapping, theft and assault, she goes out and gets two jobs to repay the rent again. when he steals all his things. The first work is working for Don Porter in a Playboy type magazine, the second job is upstairs working for Rudy Vallee in a snobbish fashion magazine. I think the mix of two works is comedy, too bad it's not funny at all, unless you laugh at the hundredth time you saw someone running up and down the stairs in silly speed. The predominant obstacle that prevents Greg from falling for his captor is his other love interest, the terribly miscible Dick Sargent (let's face it, both Porter and Vallée, even in old age in 1968, would have made much more credible competitors for Miss Crazy's affections). <br /> <br /> There are a variety of uninteresting and unpleasant twists, I kept waiting for something, whatever happened that would make all this sound. It never happened. The entertainment is about three minutes long and consists of Elvis's "A Little Less Talk" version (which I can listen to on CD without this painful film about me) and a funny fifth second in which Elvis throws himself on the couch and Crazy Pants he apparently dismantled it so that it would all fly to pieces when he lands on it. Here, folks, busted furniture, the only laugh in this whole movie. No amount of clothing, music or mod furniture from the sixties can save this stinker of high paradise and should be avoided at all costs. The vision of this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the public towards the self-influx of serious physical damage.
