When I was seventeen I sincerely believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only did I want to see all the 31 films of his "characters", but it was also my ambition to own them. What an exceptional excuse for a seventeen year old that I had to be. Fortunately it prevailed and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> The spotlight has fallen on this recently since a remixed version of the main song A Little Less Conversation was released. (His first to reach the British top ten in 22 years - his first number one in the UK in 25). Even when I was seventeen and in serious need of psychiatric help, I realized that the songs in this movie weren't exactly top notch. However, A Little Less Conversation - rollnecks and 60s groove aside - is a real find. Finding a less known song that only a few relatively small ones are aware of promoting in the mainstream produces a mixture of emotions. It's nice to finally see faith in a confirmed song, but it's also sad to see the disintegration of your private cult. (And what chauvinist texts also.) What other Elvis song contains the word "procrastination"? <br /> <br /> But what bothers me about this film is not A Little Less Conversation but the 84 minutes that surround it. Actually based on a novel (Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips - what kind of lame novel would it be?) This sees a bored Elvis holed up with a "comedy" dog and a nymphomaniac. Within 90 seconds of the meeting, Michele Carey asks "would you like to make love with me?" Rather a fast engine for any standard I'm sure you'll agree. <br /> <br /> I seem to remember that some of Elvis's first films - particularly Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not so bad, but this is just identikit hillbilly cobblers. Being fired from a newspaper job can lead to a five-minute karate fight with a couple of gingernuts, causing a pile of highways that are good for laughter, and the models dress up like pink mermaids. There is even a sequence of dreams for God's sake. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype that does not conform is not having all those songs. With only four to choose from, including the number of credits, you're waiting for an average of 22 minutes between tracks. Some films would become vapid having too many tracks, but here they may have helped to numb the pain. Of the remaining three tracks, The Edge of Reality is not so bad, although Elvis's dance to it must surely have been called "The bear trap". <br /> <br /> In a sense, for a 1968 PG film certificate, this is incredibly high on sexual content. Unfortunately, however, with talking dogs, the values ​​of the sitcom in Central America and the stiffest dances you have ever seen, the dignity of Elvis has been erased from this film.
