The day has finally come for me to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's destiny as a murderer, the realization of her character and the final attempt to lure me deeper into the world in which she unleashed through so mercilessly during the first saga. <br /> <br /> This is the most poetic I will have when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I started to give in to the heavy sentimentality of House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto who portrays a bloodthirsty murderer, after seeing Azumi 2 I began to appreciate the shortcomings mentioned above more than ever. <br /> <br /> Not only does each assassin's determination feel slow and uninteresting, but many important elements are also omitted from the whole experience. In Azumi 1 we have seen assassins use various stealth tactics (which are their number one priority) and the logic to make their brands' work easy with quick executions and faster abilities. But I won't hold it against this film too much because the story is slightly modified this time and many other obstacles are planted by Azumi to prevent her from reaching the warlord and showing signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is foolishly set aside for most of the film and is practically playing an attenuated version of Go Go, minus the cold weapon and the sense of threat. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the final shot which is the action, simply disguised in the title as the 'Death' side of the epic. In the first half of the film we see the debut of many promising opponents with flashy looks and even more eye-catching weapons. To anyone's surprise they meet their end in one way or another, but the film is not up to par when every one of them starts to die too quickly and too easily. In Azumi 1, the young killers were mostly overwhelmed by the opposition with fast but quite satisfying battles and the final confrontation between Azumi and Bijomaru compared to the fights in Azumi 2 was at least reached and appreciated. Some interesting effects have been introduced but they have not been able to achieve innovation due to the brevity of each meeting. I absolutely do not intend to defeat the conventional style of samurai films with their fast and realistic battles, but the characters in both Azumi films were so imaginative and out of anime that the rules could have been broken and the action should have been further enriched . br /> <br /> Azumi's romantic side is there to fill the time between the fighting scenes and unfortunately, in the end it doesn't serve anyone or provide a much needed resolution. <br /> <br /> As a fan with an open mind for a wide range of films and animation, I will not lie and admit my neutrality and impatience with the first Azumi film, but I will go up and say that after seeing Azumi 2, the original was made to look like an impeccable masterpiece. For what it's worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone directly to the video, with its invisibly richer budget and a failed potential to add or even expand the rugged journey of desperate killers, doing their best to restore peace, with unwavering courage to die trying.
