I thought the film (especially the plot) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain westernized and untruthful in an attempt to produce an oriental touch in the film. I will give three of many of the film's flaws: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help her study the history of China, I was really happy that the public would receive information on Chinese history; but it turns out that the film didn't exactly show Wendy actually studying Chinese history; however, the film only shows Wendy practicing the method of remembering what she has studied, which has frustrated and embarrassed me. <br /> <br /> Secondly, which really annoyed me, is how the characters kept mentioning moon cakes - making cakes on the moon and cakes on the moon and how good it is. Yet they have not really mentioned its true meaning. The only topic they talked about that was relevant to the moon cake was the Autumn Festival, which they didn't explain or delve into. They could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake: the Lady of the Moon. The myth begins with the way in which once there were ten suns and each revolved on the rise, but one day all ten suns rose, draining the earth with the intense heat rising; so the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, fired nine of the ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are several versions in which the Hou Yi fired eight on nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given the immortality pill so he could live indefinitely in case the ten suns rose again, but his wife, Chang-O stole it. After stealing it, he fled to the moon, where he met a hare. He then had an idea and told the hare to beat the pill in many pieces so that he could spread the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are some variations of this story but throughout my childhood, I, most of the time, have heard of this version). I thought that details like this would make the plot more oriented to Chinese culture. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would like to emphasize is the last battle scene of the film. The teachers who were possessed by the monks were fighting the Terra-cotta Warriors (the statues of life of the soldiers) went against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. The Terra-cotta Warrors serves as a link to China's past and was very westernized (where evil must be killed in every possible way) that the monks in the movies were willing to destroy that connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, considering she is Chinese-American and does not have complete Chinese knowledge, has had no trouble destroying these priceless artifacts. <br /> <br /> The entire movie was westernized because it seemed that all the monks and Shen wants to do is fight ... I mean, TVPG is rated because of the violence, which goes against Confucius's thought of cooperation and harmony. It would seem more accurate that the monks try to avoid violence and try to resolve things peacefully before having to resort to violence. <br /> <br /> All in all, all or none of the producers, writers or directors did not do their research thoroughly and instead did a messy and effortless job. I would suggest that they stop sending this film or that they film the movie so that it contains more accurate information; however, I would give him credit (2 stars) for removing a stereotype of Asians and Asians-Americans from being intelligent and silent.
