I realize that living in the western plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made for TV" movie? Furthermore, women's rights were still sprouting in this country during this period, so finding an independent woman determined to start over in this hard territory, and still show the realism of the time ?? would it be a good vision? Honestly, I don't know. I have been thinking about this film for the last two days, and I still cannot find the strength to say that it was a horrible film, but I can honestly tell you that it was not the greatest I have ever seen. From different styles of acting, to two mismatched actors who play emotionless characters, to some of the most gruesome PG-branded scenes to come out of the 70s, it's hard to fully grasp Heartland. It was good? He has been sick? It could be that you can see and decide yourself, but until then, here are moments that I liked and that I hated desperately! <br /> <br /> This film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were very interesting scenes. Scenes in which I wasn't sure what the director was doing or in which direction he was headed, but somehow it still seemed to work well as a whole. I thought the whole story was a very interesting historical story. I don't know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this film captured that image in my mind. The thought of very cold winters, no neighbors for miles and miles, and this vision of the Polaroid without affecting corporate America. It was a refreshing pleasure to witness and pure breathtaking to try (even if television). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind, like the cattle brand scene, the scene of the pig massacre and the sad homesteader who did not survive their journey, which brought a real sense of realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job bringing the Wyoming vision to the viewers, but I'm not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view. <br /> <br /> As I continue to compliment the scenery of this film, I had trouble dealing with the actors who apparently walked on the set and read their jokes from the cards on the side. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow finds a connection with Elchadore Randall of Conchata Ferrell. The two as actors have no chemistry. Their sharing scenes are useless and honestly lacking in emotion. The pregnancy scene hardly got me because of the way the two "veteran" actors played it. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the baby from her, while Clyde nods when he's done. This is Love? Should it be love? I don't know, I think that with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell we felt like two actors were playing their parts. Other scenes that seemed to labor in my mind were like when the frozen horse "knocks" on the door for food or shelter, the increasingly faded and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (I didn't believe it), the lack of real struggle winter and the entire terrestrial scene. The terrestrial scene, especially because I needed more explanation of what Elinore was doing, why he was doing it, and why Clyde built a house for her if they were married! It was these simple events that, if I had time to explore, would have made a stronger film. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will go halfway with this feature. There were certainly elements that should have been explored more thoroughly, such as the relationship between these two strangers and Elinore's final goals, but they were contrasted with some beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenes that, over 100 years, have undergone changes from vast mountains to huge skyscrapers. While there were some brilliant realism scenes (featuring cattle and pigs), I felt like we needed more. Depth was a key element that was missing in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal acting and a diminishing history. Pearce could have plunged deeper into this unused world, leaving Western characters' loopholes and clichés instead open. Ferrell carried it alone, but Torn was completely destroyed. Decent for a vision, but it will not be taken up by me. <br /> <br /> Vote: ** on *****
