The character of Joseph L. Mankiewicz does not need a remake. It is a well-made film that resists this day well. However, given that the remake machine of today is currently in full swing; I can't really say I'm surprised to see the film updated for the modern public. The plot remains identical to the original film and inside we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss a divorce while the young man has an affair with the wife of a old man From there, follows a game of cat and mouse. It is clear from the beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and does so through the central location, which has been changed from the charming country house from the original game to a technical wonder out with layers of safety equipment. I'm glad the director has chosen to make this change as nobody wants to see a remake that copies the original directly; in addition there is the fact that the location is well used and always beautiful to look at. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end here. <br /> <br /> The original film was more than two hours long, while this remake has only a shade of over eighty minutes. Of course, therefore, this means that this version has less on it; and unfortunately they are the characters who suffer. The plot is also hasty and we arrive at the first turning point in the story too quickly and before we are given the opportunity to really understand why and how these events can take place. The film doesn't build the characters, or the relationship between them, enough to make sure their relationship makes sense. An important thing that has been changed in the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games that turned out to be VERY important once the twists and turns come into play. Here he has a sort of safety fetish that really means nothing in the end. The management of the Kenneth Branagh film allows you to get a class score, but the lesson ends here. The original has thrived on it, but this film is happy simply to get dirty with the curses on numerous occasions, largely unjustified; which makes it all less expensive. The last turning point in the story is completely different from what it was in the original and ensures that the film ends with a truly horrible conclusion. After spending two hours with the original I understood, respected and appreciated both characters presented in the film - after eighty minutes of this, I hated them both. I have a certain respect for Branagh for not simply writing a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's great drama.
