It's been almost ten years since I saw one of the last two sequels of "Phantasm" - surely because of my still vivid memory that they weren't very good. This has been recognized to date, I am still a big fan of the first two episodes so I thought I'd go back and relive the "final chapters". The third part is definitely the worst in the series since obviously it takes less seriously and throws a bunch of confusing things that doesn't make much sense ... Again, starting right where the previous movie left us, Reggie saves Mike from The High Man who swears to return for him later, but things are not safe for a long time when they meet Jody who is inexplicably capable of taking the shape of a sphere. Apparently his soul is held captive by the Tall Man, so Mike is dragged into the sinister two-headed Netherworld and Reg must find him ... Along the way, he meets a ten-year-old boy and a nun wielding a black chick named Rocky who assists during his journey. <br /> <br /> There is really nothing memorable in "Phantasm III" except the one that tries to be stupid and forcibly "humorous". Only one positive aspect that did not even help the film and this was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury who resume their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they almost make cameo appearances ... Reggie Banister is obviously back in his starring role, but his clumsy and in love attitude makes his presence too annoying to please. Even Angus Scrimm did not seem entirely "inside" his role. He speaks too much here and is not even remotely threatening and disturbing in contrast to the "strangeness" to which the film seems to recur carelessly. The opinion of most people on this film seems quite impassive and tends to think "it's still funny". Maybe I'm just a stickler, but I couldn't get into this. I remember that I didn't like it when I was a child and after reviewing it - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli dubbed the scene with his original film Phantasm, low-budget, nightmare and legendary, which I still classified as my favorite horror film and its respectable sequel that kept things moving and darkly surreal and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead" (stupid title) seemed to me too hasty and slapped together for me ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing that was missing was Scrappy Doo !!), was a strong indication of Coscarelli running out of ideas and seeing how far he could ride the franchise ... <br /> <br /> So, it's a "Phantasm" movie with guns shot in the blood, nudity and quadruple barrels. Do I have to say anything else?
