Wow, the plot of this movie is everywhere! There is so much plot and so many things that made my head spin! And consequently none of these seemed particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife who lives in a small town. He has had some experience with local theater and has the ambition to go to Broadway. When a great actor arrives in the city, she pursues him in the hope that he will give her a career boost. But her husband is worried about cheating - as this actor is a cad. So the hubby breaks into them and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted of first-degree murder !!! Not manslaughter, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and in need of funds, Kay goes to New York. But the Broadway jobs are not found, so she is forced to do any work, even Burlesque. Unable to take proper care of her young daughter, she gives it to another woman to raise. However, in the end he finds a job in a real Broadway play and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva who plays in the drama hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown out of the game. Bewildered, she makes her way to England and becomes a real star. Years later, he returns to New York to take his son - but the child is older and thinks that the woman who takes care of her is his real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $ 10,000 he can get the man out of prison. As another reviewer wrote, is this to corrupt people ?! How can $ 10,000 get it off otherwise - maybe he'll buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison yard and pick him up !! Wow - that's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens with the score of 45 minutes !!! Believe it or not, there's a whole lot more. If you really care, look at it yourself to find out how all this works. <br /> <br /> This is a bit like "writing a sink in the kitchen" - throwing in practically everything and hoping that, somehow, everything works. Unfortunately, the film is incredibly incredible and mushy despite Mrs. Francis's best efforts. It's the kind of movie that nobody could have really saved thanks to a second-level storyline. It is almost as if someone took only a few dozen elements of the plot, threw them in a box and then began to take them at random to make a movie !! Overall, unless you are an avid fan of Kay Francis or love everything that Hollywood has done in the 1930s, this is one that you can easily skip. It's not terrible, but it's certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child who plays Francis's daughter on his return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think it should have been ... I think.
