When a film has no less than five different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has major flaws somewhere. Necromancy has major flaws and is just out of the mind. I saw the video version called Rosemary's Disciples. Yes, I'm sure it differs from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that somehow it's any other version and a few minutes more that it could have - it will be really better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens with Laurie waking up and her husband takes her to a city where she has a new job in a toy factory for occultists (yes, it hurts so soon!). The city is called Lillith and has a boy with a gun on the bridge to make sure that only those selected by the "owner" of the city are allowed. We soon discover that all those living in Lillith are a witch and all follow the directives of Mr. Cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back (hence the name Necromancy). People in the city do things like the witch - they have ceremonies, some like wearing a goat's head, and promiscuity abounds (not much shown in this area), but none of these people is a very good actor. Mr. Cato is interpreted robustly from the meticulous figurative and literally larger film of life Orson Welles. Welles is abused, but, don't make mistakes, it's the best thing about this movie. And this is really the saddest part of Necromancy, since Welles offers rather poor and pedestrian performances with a poor directorial guide. In a party scene, director Bert I Gordon continues to return to Welles to watch the party action using the same frames! It seemed ridiculous. As well as the scene that has been repeatedly seen over and over again of a woman's arm centering in whirling flames after a car accident. It looked like the arm of a shop dummy. History is never completely used, because we never know what happens: many scenes are filmed as dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. This also applies to the brave hokey finale. The protagonist Pamela Franklin is perceptive and pretty and has some talent. In addition to his performance, real draws from the rest of the Sans Welles cast. The direction and history were both made by Gordon who obviously had left little gas in the engine. This is not a good movie under any name.
