For beginners and for the record, the term "Necromancy" describes the art of black magic to bring the dead back to life and NOT, in any way, refers to having sex with corpses. This is called necrophilia and, yes, I know it's an obvious difference, but I'm already receiving many comments from acquaintances and relatives that show off a perverse taste in the movies! This film is quite the opposite of perverse or squalid, in fact, and is limited to qualify as boring, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one of the top five rankings, ie in the list of the most inconsistent films ever made! Now, the director Bert I. Gordon is not exactly famous for the production of masterpieces (on his repertoire there are titles like "Earth against the spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the gods") but he really surpassed himself here with a story that is totally meaningless, redundant and absolutely meaningless about witchcraft and small secret cities. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their dead baby born, Lori and her husband Frank move to the quiet town of Lillith, where Frank suddenly offered a prominent place in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and perceives an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the patriarch of the city and the "owner" Cato who behaves in a very intrusive and mysterious way. This is another thing. How can someone "own" a city and everyone in it? However, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato has exclusively lured her into the city because of his supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Cato has tried to bring his late son back to life and is ready to make any human sacrifice. I honestly don't see the point of the whole film. Is it a brash rip-off of "Rosemary's Baby" ?? one of the alternative titles is also "Rosemary's Disciples" ?? but the script is confused and imbecile beyond imagination. Why is no one allowed to have children until Cato's son is dead? It's really selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead? The "necromancy" certainly contains some genuinely disturbing and atmospheric moments, but these are done unfairly or by complete coincidence or by a total lack of budget. Grainy photography gives the film a mysterious atmosphere and the sets seem cheap enough to be disturbing. The performance of Orson Welles ?? undoubtedly the lowest point of his career ?? it's pitiful, yet it's the best aspect of the whole film.
