The only previous Gordon film I had seen was the kiddie adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed it shortly after with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); it seems to be better remembered, however, for his science fiction work of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I came across this in a DVD rental store: I hadn't noticed the unmistakable figure of Orson Welles on his sleeve, I probably wouldn't even bother to do it - since I know the movie with its original title, NECROMANCY! I had seen an anchor on an old horror film of my father: the presence of the actor in a film about diabolism seemed a great idea that could not miss, but the final result - in particular in this bastard edition - is a disaster! I felt sincerely sorry for Welles who seems bored and, rather than with his deep and imposing voice, mutters the inane demonic invocations almost in whispers !! <br /> <br /> The plot is, in essence, yet another reconstruction of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a couple is invited to a remote community under false pretenses and is soon discovered surrounded by diabolists. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, apparently has supernatural powers (transmitted by her mother, which appears to be intermittent to warn her - although, as expressed intensely by gritted teeth, the latter's speeches end up being largely inconsistent and the source of immense hilarity every time it appears!) and is expected to revive the deceased young son of Welles from death !! For what it's worth, Franklin - a regular genre, precisely from his debut performance in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not bad in his role (which requires some nude scenes and experiences several semi-mysterious hallucinations during the course of the film ); hubby Michael Ontkean, however, is not up to the challenge of his character similar to John Cassavetes. Some of the other girls also look beautiful - in particular Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin escape from the city eventually shows his downfall. <br /> <br /> The events come to an end in an incredibly confused climax, which sees the Satanists finally light up Franklin and make them take the place of the boy reborn in the coffin (it is a gratitude for you!). While the added scenes continue (the hilarious opening ceremony and other aspiring erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would still have been poor without them; then again, this particular version is further sunk by the electronic score stuck - which is totally inappropriate and of extreme style!
