As a teenager, I was quite interested in the whole Bigfoot affair: I read the books and followed the reported sightings. As a more exhausted adult, I have largely given up on the big time, but I'm not interested in watching the weird movie when I find one. This had some strong points: mainly the recreations of two of the most famous Bigfoot matches - the Ape Canyon incident of 1924 and the Bauman incident of about 1850 as reported to and by Teddy Roosevelt, both of which I have some familiar with that youthful reading I made. The film assumes that both incidents involved a sasquatch, while both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the recreations have been well done. There is also a tribute paid at the beginning of the film to Patterson's famous video, still taking its authenticity for granted. Even the encounter with the sasquatch at the end of the film was very well done and had a very disturbing feeling, as the sasquatch was portrayed mainly in the shadows or while the hairy feet passed by the terrified men. Unfortunately, in total these four things could have made up about 20 minutes, while the film as a whole is just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> It is the fantasy story (realized in documentary style) of an expedition in a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, up to the suspected sasquatch house. A computer had targeted this area based on sightings and - in one of the funniest scenes in the film - the computer also used "eye witness sightings" to draw an image of a sasquatch that looked exactly like the "creature" of the Patterson video! Apart from those 20 minutes that I mentioned, we basically look at this expedition trip, which means we can see a group of kids taking a long camping trip. I've been camping with the boys. Let me tell you: they have never been worthy of a movie. Among the long stretches of boredom there are some beautiful shots of wild nature (even if it is suspected that canned films have been used, or maybe even animals in captivity that behave like wild animals) and there are some spectacular shots, except the scenery it is not from northern British Columbia, it comes from Oregon's national parks. <br /> <br /> I liked the fact that we never got a true sasquatch image, so we didn't have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10
