This is a French film, LOL, with an emphasis on girls with much older men ... why are the French so fixated on this sort of thing? When the age difference is so great, it becomes really perverted! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she bears a strong resemblance to Olivia Hussey, from 1968 Romeo and Juliet of Zeffirelli, set in a similar period), but she has about 15 and the actor who plays Tassi, her painting instructor, it seems. .. well, 50 is KIND. <br /> <br /> Other posters did the work of explaining the historical record (unusually detailed in this case) of the true Artemisia, a great artist and one of the first recognized female painters of this period (17th century). His story speaks to us in modern times, in particular because of the ancient accusation that "all great artists were men" - she practically blesses that statement - and because the story of her rape process is so touching. Not only was she clearly attacked and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because in those days marriage with your assailant was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a serial rapist and had probably killed his wife and his son. > <br /> The film makes a terrible hardship by reversing this truly fascinating and extraordinary real life story - very dramatic and without the need for any "spicing up" - because in some strange and frigid way, it is "warmer" to have a teenager overexcited who draws male sexual organs and has a love affair with a man old enough to be his grandfather. This is "sexy" - the truth is boring and seems too feminist / politically correct. <br /> <br /> It also disturbs me that this is only part of Artemisia's life considered interesting enough to film. The fact that he painted for decades (his famous painting by Judith beheading Holfernes was painted AFTER, not before rape), which was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy, who continued to have children ... oh this is boring stuff. After all, it is a middle-aged woman and they are not "hot" like teenagers. <br /> <br /> I understand that there is a lot of creative license in making a film (or a book) about a true historical character. You need to create a dialog box, have subplots, create a dramatic structure. Certainly some details can be sacrificed - it's not a big deal if the dates are moved a few years, or if Artemisia is played by a blonde actress (when we know from her own portraits that she was a brunette ... and a big boned one , not a skinny minny), or something like that. But turning his story about her and rape in a love story is actually sick and disturbing. It's even worse because the director is a woman. She should be horribly ashamed of herself! <br /> <br /> If you like this (and I know some people might care less about the real female artist and just like the period costumes and hot sex), you'll probably like "Dangerous" Beauty "with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack, similarly based on a heavily rewritten story, with lots of panting breasts and jeweled goblets: Bon Appetit!
