COULD CONTAIN SPOILER ..... I'm surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest ... really. All I saw was a propaganda film that moved slowly with nothing to say. (Note to yourself you must check the classification for Platoon here) This film was so black and white ... Good Americans ... anyone else is bad or useless. I believe that British troops were to be SAS (one of the most elite units in the world that would most agree with me I'm sure) they lost 3 men and the others fled while US troops that weren't even soldiers of elite in a combative sense held the ground and opened a box of shouts against their wicked Iraqis. I got dead ropes. The only positive thing I have to say about this film came in this sense when the sniper pulled out the SAS man ... the muzzle flash from the distance, the good noise used ... really well done that bit but the rest ... what am I 10 years old here ?? !! Well, I'm not and I can see meaningless propaganda in a movie and the guy made this movie. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh yeah and in the main crazy, wild guy can't stay home with his wife and baby ... no need to sign up for another year to fight in a senseless lie of war !! Because ... because young people need thrills or something in appearance. As if to say, I am surprised by the high rating of this film. <br /> <br /> P.S. I'm not hating America, I'm hating the message of this movie that doesn't even seem to want to address the issues of an illegal war (in my eyes) that's fair enough because clearly there are people out there who think it's a just war for any messed up reason (I meant something else but censored) but hey that's up to them. But to churn out such a one-way film as if it were black and white ... the good is bad and lazy and treats me like a child. In war there is a lot of grays and there are two (sometimes more) sides that believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with something dark side against the goodies. For Hollywood's sake, sometimes you really get people for the cups ... then again 7.8 .... well maybe you're right but I won't buy it. I'm glad I downloaded this movie to tell you all this for nothing. ;)
