As a last day, Ayn Rand, Bigelow is most of the muy macho in his portrayal in the film of some tough American hombres stranded in Iraq who defuse the roadside bombs set by ruthless, relentless Arab terrorists who kill children. While Bigelow postulates the war in Iraq as the backdrop of the great stage of the human drama, a veteran bomb expert is detonated and another is presented to replace him in the dusty, hot and ugly rubble that is Iraq, and a new hero is born . <br /> <br /> The new type is what John Hershey described in his book, and later in the movie, The War Lover, as a sadistic wingnut that is actually not suitable for civilian life, and requires the stimulus for war to sublimate and suppress its wrong sexual desires. The lover of war can only function fully in war, the time of peace suffocates him. While Hershey punished the war lover, (played in the Steve McQueen movie in one of his greatest roles) Bigelow glorified him. The army needs war lovers, they are the bulwark of defense against our enemies. We cannot handle the truth, that it is war lovers who are the best soldiers, the hardest men. According to the non ironic Bigelow, normal men are cool, the war lover is a special race, the last of the cowboys. So what happens if he wants to strip his men or pet an Iraqi boy? It is a return to the cult of the war between sex and death. In war, sex is a thankless, without love, not asking, not saying kind of male bond. Bigelow has no opinion on this; it simply limits the options of masculinity in this attempt at realism of the iron fist. Only a war lover can overcome the moral struggle between good and evil, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow hides his racism and arrogance behind the naive facade of journalism. It's just another gung-ho yahoo that describes a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and its relentless clichés again and again, to the point of nausea: the wonderful world of the open frontier, which seems to be someone else's country. ("You can shoot people here," says a soldier); the hard but human companion of black, the soldier with a premonition of death, the surly, possibly mad commander, the madman educated in college who tries to make friends with the enemy. Call him, Bigelow resurrects him. <br /> <br /> Man-boy love is palpable in the scenes with the likeable Arab boy who befriends the war lover, but Bigelow plays it straight; she does not consume sex, simply sanitize it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly and mocking face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not pure evil is demented, hostile or without any good. Everyone deserves to die for their cheeky, and many of them do it in this gore-fest movie. The Iraqi women are all hysterical, only they make their presence known by screaming. They could be stunt men in the flesh for all I know, their faces are never seen. There is no female presence based or in battle, although the rates of female injuries in Iraq would certainly refute it. <br /> <br /> Bigelow passes all movements one by one. She glorifies war, canonizes the sadistic hero of the dice case. The cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman Indians, demonstrate their courage by doing the work of God and submitting the diabolical hell infested with terrorism with pure bravado and suicidal mania. Towards the end, I felt like rooting for the Indians. In the world of Bigelow, however, no mercy or understanding manages to overcome it. Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The massacre of civilians is only the dramatic background of the psycho-sexual struggle of our hero. Each U.S, the bullet finds its sign. You must love the boy, the war lover. It's just his way, he's the real hero. It's just a guy trying to do things the hard way, so if he focuses on the problem with the guy on the side.
