The line is more fun in England, where, far from Vixen's ancient America, the word "fanny" has a completely new meaning. Unfortunately, it's the only laugh you get in this terrible sexual comedy that is neither sexy nor fun. <br /> <br /> Strangely not tempting with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (Acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who craves her brother, but rejects her black friend while making derogatory remarks about the watermelons. As for revenge, he asks her if she would go with a Shetland pony. Reference is also made to "dealing with monkeys". Gavin's ability to tremble and tremble with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch is only matched by the lack of charm of his seduction dance ?? which involves a bonfire and a haddock. Personally, I preferred the haddock. <br /> <br /> For '68 this was a rather domesticated stuff, and belies the controversy that it attracted at that time. A character claims to be "busted", even if it is only on bourbon, and for one of the original "X" certificates, there is no complete frontal nudity. Only six years later we would have taken Timmy Lea and his confessions, but here we have to make do with topless shots. Only the final seduction of Gavin by his brother really impresses. Another activity for Vixen is where it helps solve sexual problems between a married couple by sleeping with both. The two women clearly are not enjoying playing their scene together, and make little effort to disguise it. After Vixen has cleared his disharmony, the romantic husband concludes with his wife "I guess it's coming!" <br /> <br /> The only almost interesting segment concerns an unusual discussion on Cuban communism. It seems out of place with the rest of the film, although it is joined with Gavin's breasts to tie it to continuity. This therefore leads to a vague anti-Vietnam position, which is commendable, even if dropped in the middle of a film so frivolous it seems banal and insensitive, not to say absolutely insignificant. Incidentally, the part of the aspiring communist Niles Brooke is played by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page who played Captain Trunk in the hilarious comedy Sledge Hammer! Pagina must be embarrassed by his later catalog (which also includes Meyer's Beyond The Valley of the Dolls), although Meyer's apologists would have you believe that the terrible dialogue, the bad acting, the bad direction and the terrible editing are not just part of the charm, but entirely intentional. As a defense, it cannot hold water. <br /> <br /> The irritating incidental music ?? a cross between the melodies that play in the advertisements of the cinematic restaurants and of the muzak used by television stations when the broadcast breaks ?? it is omnipresent and intrusive; while even stupid and amateurish camera angles cannot generate interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women have "asked" him, black men ?? or "shines" ?? they are not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely abysmal
