The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating movie to watch. Ragingly enigmatic, he treats every shot like a work of art. You have the impression that the composition of each shot has been designed and prepared with a degree of exquisite care that borders on obsession; By expressing to what extent cinema has progressed since the first films came out in the nineteenth century and are imitating their construction, the camera almost never moves here? apart during the camp and colorful musical numbers. Environmental noise is reduced to a minimum and hardly a word is spoken. This curious but effective device forces the public to focus their attention on visual stimuli alone, so that, as the story progresses at a snail's pace, we feel immersed. Unfortunately, at least for me, this dive starts to reveal somewhere around the hour. I began to feel that the film was challenging me to keep watching as it got harder and harder as they dragged the minutes so that the simple act of looking became a battle of wills. <br /> <br /> Having had the content of this film, it was not as sexual as it certainly would have been even more obscure for the Western public. As it stands, there is an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse on an unconscious (or perhaps dead) woman who is so repulsive that, while she can talk about the degradation to which pornography subjects both men and women. women (users and used) are so overzealous in the way they choose to make their point to make it effectively ineffective. Of course the worst and most enthusiastic participants of the explosion of available pornographic content will look for this film for all the wrong reasons and will watch it with their sticky finger on the fast forward button on the remote control. <br /> <br /> For all its problems, the film is definitely a remedy, and the more you think about it, the more it seems that some aspects of it seem to be. Ironically, for a film in which so little happens, the viewer would probably be rewarded proportionately by looking at a second or even third time. For me, however, was it once enough ??
