BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most beloved books, but in this animated adaptation magic is not right there. This version remains faithful to Dahl's original story, so you can't blame John Hambley's script. If nothing else, the error is due to the colorless animation, the lethargic rhythm and the generally lackluster voice-overs. It is fair to expect that this story is a happy, vibrant and fun movie ... instead, the film is a hopelessly boring affair that becomes rather boring to watch. Children who are not familiar with history should definitely read the book first! All that the film will achieve is to put them out of reading what is actually a classic for children. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a not-too-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening he peers through the window when he sees a huge figure walking furtively along the village street. The figure realizes that she has been seen, then enters from the window and takes Sophie from her bed, putting her in his huge pocket before fleeing into the night. Sophie soon discovers she has been kidnapped by a giant of Giant Country and fears she will eat it. But to his relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species that looks like the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, limiting itself instead to the ramshackle-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, Giant Country is populated by numerous other giants that celebrate - every night, as it happens - on unsuspecting poor humans. Sophie and the BFG become great friends and soon come up with a plan to counter the other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) with their extraordinary story and beg her to send the army and air force to fight the man-eating giants. The Queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the evil giants before they can harm anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason gives the BFG a pretty good voice (one of the few advantages of the film) but his good work is almost ruined by poor sound quality. The rest of the vocal work is decidedly uninspired, with very little to give life to the characters. Similarly, the BFG is the only character that is imaginatively animated - Sophie has no appeal, and giants are designed in a boring way (and seem almost indistinguishable from one another). Even the seats are not original; The Giant Country in particular is shortened, being nothing more than a desolate land with occasional rocks and canyons. At 88 minutes the film is not exactly long, yet it drags very badly in some parts due to the soporific management of different sequences. Little Dahl's mischievous humor is transmitted satisfactorily. A chapter of the book deals with the BFG's love for "tossing" (fart) and making a hilarious laugh out loud. In the film, the same section is completely killed by incorrect manipulation. I came to The BFG expecting a lot of enthusiasm, fun and fun, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This is a failed misfire that simply does not match the caliber of the book in any department - unfortunately, therefore, it has to go down as one to jump.
