This 1970s hit movie didn't age well, but frankly it wasn't nice when it was released. Still, it was a hugely popular success perhaps because the idea of ​​a fatalistic young love must have attracted a public saturated with a constant television coverage of the Vietnam war. The plot is pure and drastic because it concerns Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged hockey player on Harvard, who meets and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonist Vassar music student who is proud of her working class past. The father of the old school naturally disapproves of Jenny and, in a typical act of rebellion, it means that the young couple gets married in one of those impromptu ceremonies of the hippie era. He lands his dream job in New York, but gets unexpectedly sick and dies from his terminal illness. There is a coating of contemporary filmmaking techniques shown by director Arthur Hiller, but none of this can hide the antiquated and cliché-plotted texture. The inevitable final left me particularly indifferent. <br /> <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become protagonists of this film like Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably, since neither of them seems able to express the depth or complexity necessary to make characters compelling. At least the boy O'Neal is sincere in his weakly provocative approach, but MacGraw has a behavior so woody and mushy that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny beyond his sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before finding the beheaded horse race in his bed in "The Godfather") does better as the crazy father of Jenny, the father of bakers, as does Ray Milland as Barrett's seemingly callous paterfamilias. The excessive familiarity of Frances Lai's music has almost become a parody in itself over the years. The print quality on the DVD is good, although the only extra is a rather effusive commentary from Hiller. The most interesting piece of the quiz is that the author Erich Segal (on whose book is this film based) conceived Oliver as a mix between two Harvard roommates he knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who seems to have a part in the film as one of Oliver's roommates.
