Deformato takes up the theme of Pinocchio, and set during the Christmas period (after the previous entry into abandonment of ties with Christmas) has toys with explosive traps sent to kill a child (... but through this, other victims are accidentally damaged in the process) perhaps from the "son" of a toy manufacturer. Screaming Mad George was responsible for the murderous toys (including a larva that enters the mouth of a victim and out of his eyes, another in which the soldier toys shoot real bullets at a babysitter after his boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed hand toy, operating from a remote control). The small target is a mute child named Derek (William Thorne) whose stepfather was killed by a red ball with his arms extended that ensnare his face, making him land on a poker chimney. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about her son's mental state, imagining that her reluctance to open gifts or, above all, to talk, comes from watching her husband's horrible murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), fears security for his son, and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that the local toy manufacturer, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney), has been arrested for having set traps in toys to harm children due to the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident ... due to retaliation to say that if he could not have a child, then others would not they should either. Still rather a heavy drinker (.. often seen Jack drinking), Petto seems to have put aside his feelings towards children, but his fearful son Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have him and Derek feeds him with anguish. Why? You'll soon understand. <br /> <br /> Rather disappointing special effects and rather stupid premise. The name of Rooney adds a charm to the film, gaining a certain notoriety, but his histrionics can only help so much. The attractive leading actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as the man who returns to her life are not so bad, but the lame storyline that develops is hard to take seriously. I guess that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this ... he has no room to bring personality to his toymaker except for anger and desperation, rather volatile, barely holding himself back as it explodes in anger at Pino, when does not lower the liquor. Bremer is appropriately weird and "robotic" like Pino, eager to have Sarah as his mom. The practical effects used during the attacks on the victims are rather unconvincing. Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this film. The sex that everyone talks about is not as free as many would have us believe (.. I can't even remember any nudity). Probably the best of the numerous sequels has been brought to light, but it's not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure to write on paper, this was a funny concept, the idea of ​​Pinocchio spoofing using horror elements, but the result doesn't exactly suffocate you.
