OK OK, it could be hard to put a man's entire life into a movie. Traditionally, therefore, biopics focus on one or two significant parts in the subject's life. Now, Byron was a "my week beats your year", which makes the selection of parts that are even more representative. Furthermore, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, man's life itself must be seen as a whole. Lifting the parts is not only not showing the entire image, but is showing a completely different image. <br /> <br /> Now, in short, my review comes down to this: presumably, Byron was really "my week beats your year" "Prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that he actually did more in his 15 or so many active years than many in a lifetime, it is true, he had setbacks and was a victim of time and the social context in which he lived - but in the end, this guy should be the prototype that we would all like to live, right? Well, I DO NOT, at any time, want to live the life represented in this movie, so I get 3. Not for having been so badly done (which, as far as the direction, it was more or less like this), but above all for having completely lost the point in a flat plot. <br /> <br /> Some other details Well, to oversimplify things, a Byron biography should have two distinct episodes : 1. The journey after the first Europe: England and its axes knows to fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad. Now, the important thing is that the SECOND part should be at least as important as the first. Not only was it much longer, but the most significant change in Byron took place then. Furthermore, it is where he created his best works (Don Juan, the vision of judgment, etc.) - all the things that make him * truly * unique in English literature. <br /> <br /> Instead, in this film (a) Byron's life is never even remotely funny, (b) only gets worse * after he leaves England. They did two good jobs: firstly, they started on his return journey to Europe (although a little more than the trip would have been welcome as a prologue), secondly, they chose a corner, and chose his incestuous love for Augusta (who is quite perfectly cast). The problem with this last thing is that they never let it go. True, Byron remained strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but, above all because he was a person who behaved with humor, the fact that his letters reflected this does not mean that on other occasions he could not have enjoyed life . <br /> <br /> In any case, the first part of the TV movie should have ended with him leaving England. There is no doubt about it. The point is: once abroad, a life of debauchery began (with the infamous Geneva period), but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice, both for himself when he found the Countess Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, in Pisa). In other words, he was also * released *. His mind and his life opened (and not only in the decadent sense), while England closed further as he fell into the gravitational attraction of the Victorian age. True, freedom was without Augusta, but this bitter sweetness tastes sour in this film. We see a bored and bored snob growing old. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought much about his poetry, except when he finally found his voice in Don Juan! Apart from the poetic and romantic developments, his relationship with Shelly (and the down-break) should have been more documented. Moreover, it is in Italy in Ravenna that is involved in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important, as it shows that the decadent romantic and ultimately elusive language and the person of Childe Harold are changing in the more realistic and lighter passion of Don Juan's language and person. Life and work are one. It's true, still a little naive, but that's what brought it to Greece! And everything closed in a circle in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit further ignited the spark. Missolonghi was not the bored snob who was suddenly looking for some action. It was intuitions in Italy (the Gambas) that brought it into action. It can be a symbol for the man who is looking for some battle-style excitement in ancient style while the rest of Europe is fixed in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it wasn't just that, there was a real inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron has written huge amounts of Don Juan. True, its end is a little sad, but it is not as if it were consumed. This is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had some strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but EVERY time he really managed to reinvent himself. It meant that he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he had made a physical and mental journey that, at the moment, few people were ready to do. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is the second period of Byron's life so often overlooked? Why did he have less obvious conflicts, given that the man was finally coming to his? Focusing our attention on the years of England frustrated full of scandals, we prove that we are not much better than the English aristocracy of the time, whom Byron despised so much, and that, despite the fact that he had no choice, he * gladly * fled in 1816, to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to allow him to find the voice that would have made him the first romantic poet with piano language and would have evolved from a snob obsessed with himself to a passionate man who went on with a cause.
