Only once would I like to see a version of Beowulf where it seems that the writers have at least a familiar familiarity with the original poem. Once again, after seeing this Sci Fi presentation, I am disappointed. <br /> <br /> I am not suggesting that writers should understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I wish at least they could try reading a translation in modern English and trying to build a story based on what actually transpires. The story is quite exciting; why add non-existent plot elements and ruin the story? What is wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; why introduce a super-crossbow that is incredible and could not have existed in this period of time (as correctly pointed out by the previous review)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf against Grendel. That's all. No one else took part in the battle. The only way Beowulf could have defeated him was by specifically choosing to engage the monster without weapons, the mistake made by all previous challengers. And yet, in this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf removes Grendel's arm with a sword! Once again, why couldn't they portray what really happened? Personally, I think a face-to-face fight between the two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a pathetic and abysmal representation that is unfaithful to the true story. Why add a pact with Hrothgar and Grendel's mother that includes the sacrificial offering? Why create extra characters, like Finn, that add nothing to the plot? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set the scenes in the appropriate places (a forest instead of the swamp and no den under the lake). Do they fail to notice the metaphor that Grendel's lair means ?? it should be underground to represent hell. Why not focus instead on the symbolism inherent in the epic? Even my high school students last year were able to do immensely better when they created a short film based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and symbolism behind the story. If Hollywood could create a film based on these elements and was true to the plot, it would be a really great movie.
