Where to start? Anachronism? High-tech arc with a range of about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A Grendel monster that looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the fired weapons or hit against him? The heart torn from his victim's chest without any sense of contact? Perhaps the blond who would have adapted to a recent fashion show with his makeup and streaked hair? The ancient Danish court represented in classical Greek style? The queen played by Marina Sirtis more fiercely than her make-up artist than madness? The effects are too weak to carry this story. There are some stories that don't dislike or even benefit from economic effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about the characters who seem to jump into their attitudes without motivation? An idiotic braggart prince whose house has already been devastated by the monster Grendel several times seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent from afar by the land of the Geats to help the desperate Danes. This looks more like an old western cowboy than any myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient tale of an era with almost no literary tradition and much of its feeling and drama is obscure. I suspect that any modern statement that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the darkness must fail. I did not like the recent "Beowulf and Grendel" which sees Grendel essentially human and sees Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as a well-justified revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position that the Danes of Hrothgar They were a group of macho thugs who had never grasped, even after it was all over, that they had brought this nightmare about themselves, and therefore, Beowulf's original story, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of the true story. I think there is a more complex meaning to understand, but this terrible secret of Grendel that Grendel's attacks are linked to the previous human sacrifice does not really bring us closer to the shame experienced by Hrothgar and the Danes. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend it as a traditional myth or a modern fantasy. I give him a 4: higher than he deserves, but I always hope that little effort will draw the attention of someone who is able to tell the story in an intelligent way. Meanwhile, the science-fiction film-making seems to follow NASA's policy that it is better to build many probes that fail compared to the few that succeed.
