The Leech Leads the Dance, or The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance as I believe it is a common English title, is set in "Ireland" in 1902, where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) soon calls out and the theater actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three other of her future friends of the actress Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) her castle located on a small island just off the coast. At the beginning Evelyn is reluctant but is persuaded when Samuel (Leo Valeriano) holds the stage. Once there Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather cut both heads from their cheating wives using a ceremonial knife and there is a feeling of discomfort when it turns out that Evelyn seems EXACTLY the same as the Count's wife current that escaped not too long ago ... Along with having to worry about the weird servants it turns out that someone wants to use the knife alone to cut some heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo Rizzo is a total crap, complete and complete from beginning to end. First, let's start the criticism with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, let's examine that title because when I do it I feel a little cheated that there are no Vampires or any form of bloodsucker, nobody "leads" anything at any time and there is certainly no dance or dance so don't expect any of these things. What you should expect is a boring, boring, boring little "yellow" that takes an hour before someone is killed and any sort of murder starts to take shape, the first hour of Leech Leads Dance is like less and not plot interesting as something out there. The best way to imagine it is to think of the most boring soft-core porn movie you've ever seen, so cut out most of the soft-core porn and leave only bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogues, some soft sex core and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really that bad. The mysterious elements are disgusting, people do illogical things for no apparent reason and the overly complicated 'twist' ending is as ugly as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999) is not so! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does a good job and La Sanguisga Leads the Dance looks really good despite its obvious low budget, I mean there are scenes where it shows a "storm" that rages out of the castle, but the video used is in white black! So the movie jumps from bright colors to black and white every time the storm cuts and returns to color again! There is an absolutely hilarious scene in which a waitress and her friend discuss her breasts and let her friend hear them full of compliments, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is priceless and easily the best moment of movie even if the bad porn of the 70s would be embarrassed by the dialogue! There is minimal nudity and sex / lesbian scenes are very domesticated. Forget any blood or blood because there is nothing apart from a decapitated head <br /> <br /> Technically the films are pretty good, the setting of the period and the design of the production are actually quite impressive, although it is not of massive capacity. the work is quite effective. The film has a nice sense of color and cinematography is fine. The film is dubbed, so it's difficult to judge the original performances, but the voice actors are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> The Leech Leads Dance is a terrible film, it makes no sense, it has practically no story for over an hour, it is perhaps the most misleading title ever and it is really boring and boring with a confusing ending 'twist' stupid. As for European horror fans, there are a lot of much better films than this so please don't waste your time, because for anyone else it's definitely to be avoided. Trivia Notes: the notorious (and banned in the UK) Nazi exploitation / horror film Horrifying Experiments of the SS Last Days (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp and The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella and has a fairly important role as detective of the police in Le Sanguisuga Leads the Dance.
