This "smart" film was originally a Japanese film. And while I assume the original film was pretty ugly, it got a little worse when American-International Films hacked the movie to pieces and inserted segments of American production to deceive the public. Now, unless the public is made of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this has been done - and done with little finesse or attention to the final product. The bottom line is that you have many clearly Japanese scenes and therefore clearly American scenes in which the film looks very different. Furthermore, the American scenes are really meaningless and consist of two different groups of people at meetings that speak only of Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And even though this is a flying, destructive and flying monster, there's practically no energy, because I assume the actors were just embarrassed by the fact that they were in this miserable film - in particular, movie veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. Both seemed just tired and uncomfortable to be there. <br /> <br /> Now as for the monster, it's not really the standard Godzilla creature. Seeing a giant tortoise with fangs pick up its head and limbs and start spinning in the air like a missile is fun. On the other hand, the planes of the lousy model, the destructible buildings in balsa and the power plant are, as usual, in this film and are not surprising. Also included is a strange cliché of a Japanese monster that frankly annoys most non-Japanese members of the public, and this is the "adorable and precocious little boy who loves the monster and believes in him". Yeah, for sure. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and in many other films, you have this annoying creep that applauds the monster, even though unlike the later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is NOT a good guy and in the end it turns out that the kid is just an idiot! Silly, exceptional poor special effects that could be better done by the average of seven years, bad acting, meaningless American clips and occasionally horrible dubbing make this movie a miserable one. Strangely, while most will surely hate this movie (and that stupid kid), there is a small and very small vocal minority that loves these films and compares them with Bergman and Kurosawa. Don't believe him - this is a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently due to its formidable stage presence, Gamera was the protagonist of many other films in the 60s and some recent incarnations. None of these has changed the central fact that he is a flying turtle that breathes fire or that the films are really, really lame.
