Now we travel to a parallel universe where the appearance of gigantic prehistoric monsters that flatten cities are part of the daily routine. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a strange world, and made even stranger by the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, according to rung Daiei Studios were more famous for samurai sagas than monster movies. In the mid-1960s they decided to join the giant reptile race and designed a series of rival monsters from Toho's gigantic Godzilla. They have wisely chosen Gamera as their flagship - a giant tortoise that shoots flames between its enchanted teeth, and spins through the air, shooting flames through the holes in its shells (and at some point you can almost see the shell of paper burnt !). <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie "Gamera The Invincible" (as it was sold in the United States) is a virtual mirror of the first Godzilla film, only 10 years later. American fighters chase an unmarked plane over the Arctic until its fiery end - the onboard nuclear bomb lights up and awakens the giant Gamera from its icy sleep. Feeding himself with atomic energy, he immediately breaks out, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a small Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection with the giant tortoise and even maintains a miniature version in an aquarium at his bedside, believes that Gamera is essentially kind and benevolent. He is like a Jewish boy with a tweezer from Hitler. "Gamera is a good turtle," he pleads, then gets wet and puts on a face as if someone were in a crack between his popped ducks. Miraculously, world leaders listen to it, and so begins Z-Plan to save the world AND Gamera from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was a surprising success. The annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on the public kiddies in both Japan and the United States, and the sight of Gamera on two Tokyo and North Pole jets is gloriously sweet. The most surprising thing of all is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films, as well as a series of recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend meows an eight-year-old boy - and if I hear "Gamera is a friend of ALL children" I will once again crush Tokyo. That seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where kids are smart and turtles are bigger than a Seiko billboard in the 1965 Gaffe Turtle-Fest.
