With the growing popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as in any successful film event, there would inevitably have been a crowd of imitators trying to cash in on the success of the great lizard. With Godzilla the dawn of a growing popularity of the genus kaiju (giant monster) was born. Many sought after successes; some have earned it. One of the few who not only benefited from the popularity, but it was Gamera, a giant tortoise that could spit fire in and out and fly out of the sockets in his carapace as a means of propulsion jet. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend to all children, later fighting other monsters to save children in distress, and so Gamera became very popular among children. Unfortunately, this is the only mainstream audience that the original Gamera series will have for any reason. While the new Gamera films directed by Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful, revolutionary monster films, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie, titled in Japan as "The Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly a future Godzilla. Although the film was produced in the era of color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? Imitate the first Godzilla movie of the 50s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I don't know much about the Japanese version, for the version I know of the Americanized version, where the scenes were cut and new footage was taken with American actors (is it a coincidence that the same thing happened with the first Godzilla movie?) Now, if this adds or removes the film, I can't say. But "Gammera the Invincible" is nothing but a heavy boredom that moves by itself like the big turtle. <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine oriented film. The characters come from a series of science fiction standards, the story is unheard of, the monster has no real reason to attack civilization, acting is ridiculous, and so on and so on. The only thing that differentiates it from the Godzilla series is the end of the film, but this is also a detractor since the plane that eventually blocks Gamera is completely fake and ridiculous. Now the rest of the film and many other voices in this genre also fit this description, but this is a terribly boring monster film. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko would later transform Gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive cinematic presence. It was neither scary nor nice. It moves just like a child, swaying with every step, and knocks on the miniatures. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera except a child (Yoshio Uchida who was idly left out of the credits even though he plays a "central" role) who thinks Gamera is a beautiful turtle. <br /> <br /> films of the genre of which "Gammera the Invincible" is a part are easy targets for criticism and this is subject to extra pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera movie is not a particularly good voice. And as for my cinematic experience, the rest of the films in the series are just as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera would have been filmed in color and would have continued to fight against the monsters. And like Godzilla, it would have become cheaper and cheaper with each film until it was time to revive the series and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> It's strange. Usually I recommend people to stick to the originals and to transmit remakes. But in Gamera's case, my verdict is exactly the opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the 90s Gamera trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series unless interested. The new films are inventive, well-made, exciting and above all fun. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
