I tried. I really did it. I thought that maybe if I gave Joao Pedro Rodrigues another chance, I could enjoy his movie. I know that after seeing O FANTASMA I felt sick and almost disgusted to the core, but some reviews were pretty good and favorable, so I was like "What the hell, at least you didn't pay 10 bucks on the Quad. Give it a try." /> <br /> Sometimes it's better to go to your dentist and ask for a root canal without previous anesthesia to alleviate the horror of so much pain. I often wonder if it would be better to go back to my childhood and ask my former bullies to really let me have it. On other occasions, I often think that the world is really flat and that if I sail far enough, not only will I get rid of everything, but I fall clear, and that something evil, Lovecraftian will kidnap me with its 9000 tentacles and squeeze the life out - and some french fries since 1995, still linger in my esophagus - outside of me. <br /> <br /> Is there a reason for Odete? I would say no ... only that perhaps his Creator thought that writing a story centered on his madness (the one that makes Alex Forrest look like Strawberry Shortcake) is not only disturbing, but rather flat to the bone. First of all he decides to leave his current boyfriend (in hysterical squeals) because he wants a child and believes that they are too young. A funeral of a homosexual then crashes, and - take this - to get closer to him, he pretends to be pregnant while insinuating himself into the life of the mother and the lover of the dead in the most sick way. Oh sure, she screams like a banshee and doesn't throw herself, but three times on her grave. And there is this ridiculous affair that she gradually becomes "Pedro" who summarizes an explanation of the weak tea as love that does not know gender. Or something. <br /> <br /> I would say it is as crazy as a can of cashews, unsalted. But then again, so is the director. And I, to have a chance on this. At least the men are fine. Apart from that ... there's not much else to see here.
