The Last Station, the melodrama by director Michael Hoffman on the last months of Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a complex in Yasnaya Polyana, taking walks and writing and seeing his wife and adherents to his "movement", people devoted to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and community ownership that they gathered in a forest camp not far away. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), openly fights with the head of her Chertkov movement (Paul Giamatti), which she claims in her efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to his works for the Russian people trying to steal the wealth that it is due to her for the imminent death of her husband. Looking at all this, there is Tolstoy's new butler, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive adherent who is torn between his love for man and concern for his wife. <br /> <br /> The screenplay by Hoffman, based on the novel by Jay Parini, quite often heads into a confused territory, constructing a complex network of opaque threads and motivations that ultimately do not resolve satisfactorily. The scope of the film is great, and its history should reverberate just like Tolstoy, whose convictions somehow foreshadowed both the Bolsheviks and those of pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately not, it is unassailable, building with taste the comparisons that are constantly turned into nothing. The three-way relationship between the Church, faithful Sophia and the unbeliever Tolstoy, for example, is often referred to. In the last part of the film a dumb priest with a magnificent hat also appears, but the script never expands beyond that, awkwardly inserting it in history as an attempt to enrich it or provide an appearance of historical accuracy. There is a lot of detail in the film, but not enough attention is paid to most of them and as a result the film feels bulky, overloaded, energetic but unfortunately useless. <br /> <br /> At its heart is love, the story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and that story, however disconcerting and cramped as it is, is the reason to watch the film. Mirren and Plummer are, without surprise, the best things in the film. The Tolstoy of Plummer is vague, at the same time confused and resolute, apprehensive and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sophia is in full panic, with a fair froth, forced to watch and expects her to be mute while her husband gives his time, his possessions and his money to people who are undoubtedly devoted to him but clearly also in possession of their programs. They are great shows, especially given the vast gulf between the real importance of the couple's role in the story and the ability of the script to support it, both Sophia and Tolstoy seem wanted in the film by Mirren and Plummer alone, both do the best they can from that thin material there is. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, are not able to do the same and Giamatti's Chertkov does not seem either a revolutionary or a thief (or both at the same time) but rather a cipher, a substitute for a whole package of unresolved anxieties and impulses aborted histories. The purpose of this thing is never reduced to anything, it crashes, to ride the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much else. It's interesting and cute, but ultimately not rewarding. 4.5 / 10
