In contrast to my fellow reviewers, I always try to find something that redeems in every movie I see. Yes, the quality of dubbing and lighting is abysmal, the acting is of wood and the opening sequence is decidedly misleading with all those lascivious female lesbian vampires with blood running. Something must be lost in the translation of the word "Bloodsucker" from Italian into the title; almost as if the producers had originally shot a tale of Gothic Vampires and then changed their minds, but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening sequence, so they attached it to the film anyway. <br /> <br /> This film was made in 1975 and was recently released on DVD and comes with its own theatrical trailer that in some ways is bolder than the one seen in the movie! Now anyone who buys this film has probably already read his synopsis anyway and knows what to expect - Italian Softporn since the mid-1970s. I bought it because I'm attracted to Christa Nelli (most often credited as "Krista Nell"). The absence of a cast of characters seems to me more frustrating in many of these Eurosleaze films of the 60s and 70s. I was hoping that Imdb would show the cast of characters as their names in the film feel but without a cast list, it's very difficult to connect them to the actor in question. I think Krista Nell played "Cora" but underneath that imposing hairstyle, costume and make-up, it's hard to tell the difference. <br /> <br /> There is above all a two-dimensional representation of the actors of their parts and nobody really stands out. Perhaps something is lost in the dubbing process. What were the positive points? the music was suggestive and, of course, if you like beautiful lesbian porn movies. The external locations used were good and I'd like to know where the castle turned on its island. Proposes to be set in "Ireland" (Northern or Republican?) In 1902, so everyone wears period costumes. I found some scenes involuntarily funny, especially those sex scenes! Still a nice fun. I voted 4/10.
