This incredibly overvalued anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his classmates) piloting a giant robot to defend Japan from invading beings called Angels. There is little explanation given to the Angels either because their numbers have increased in recent times, and they seem to come out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once instead of at spaced intervals that are convenient for the humans you are trying to destroy ?). Robot fight scenes try to employ a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost every episode seems a waste of space in which nothing interesting happens. <br /> <br /> Some may be intrigued by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references here, but this is all they are: superficial one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly mixed with zero craftsmanship. Overall, the series is incredibly boring due to the superficiality of the characters, which in reality are nothing but self-pitying whining. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplistic conflicts like "hate my father" repeated over and over and over again without any progression beyond their face value. It is not a euphemism to say that these characters immerse this series of mediocrity wasted over time to garbage inducing anger during the final episodes with their endless and tormented diatribes of excessively repetitive psycho-bible (some of which are totally meaningless). <br /> <br /> I am not kidding when I say that this series has just gotten worse as it progresses. Every day I watched the DVD set sitting on my living room table and I said to myself: "Damn, I'll have to watch the next episode at some point. (Sigh) I could even pass another one tonight." The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, yet they were somehow able to digress into a completely uninteresting borefest within the first 10 minutes. This comes from a boy who will happily sit in 150-minute films with glacial rhythm, so my criticisms of this series are really harmful. <br /> <br /> Never in all my life have I despised watching a series as much as "Evangelion". I had already bought it based on all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and I certainly wouldn't have let it collect dust after spending my hard-earned money. What followed were 10 hours of pure and total torture. My love / hate relationship with souls is turning into a relationship of hate / love after this acclaimed disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" represents all that the anime should NOT be: huge amounts of unlit and pretentious tripe under the guise of intelligent cinema. The universal acclaim for this piece of shit is simply incredible; and the ridiculous claims of fans that this series as "one of the greatest hits of mankind" is probably the most amazing comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
