I occasionally see some of this show because my wife sometimes looks at it. I try to enjoy it for its basic idea that it is helping a needy family, but several factors stand in the way for me. Each episode follows the same format in which many parts seem totally scripted (what they are) and tears seemingly flow at the right time. The attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional meltdowns and sad music is a real starting point for me. The fact that everyone who donates something to the house, be it Sears or anyone else, has to plug themselves up to be generous is also boring. Probably the biggest problem I have with all this is that what must be huge sums of money and a small army of workers are combined to build an extraordinary house over the top for a single family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much more could be done for more people with the amount they are putting into a home? Instead of focusing on one family and making them all cry during the episode, why not help 10 families and show highlights? Isn't life hard enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things to be sad about, why not show something really inspiring without being manipulative? I know that what is done for these families is good, but they are also used for evaluations. You can't tell me that sometimes they are not taught about crying. I imagine that when I see these people moving into a home that most of the hard-working people in the United States can't afford for their children, it really annoys me. I can't help but think about what could really be done with a small portion of Disney money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV or personal shower that tells you the water temperature and shoots from the ceiling why not help more people afford food, clothes, education and medical insurance? I know we can be entertained and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I don't think anyone can really conceive the amount of money they have. Yes, his recent reality show did positive things, but when he gave $ 30,000 to each "competitor" loser, I'm sitting here thinking ... it's a salary for many, many people for years ... if they're lucky. Don't let me start the games. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "doing good", but forgive me if I see that it is more selfish than giving itself. Is there anyone out there who feels similar?
