This film is not about football at all. Talk about Jesus / GOD !! It is the same kind of disgusting and mushy religious cult that is obtained from those arch idiots who fight for Jesus or pump iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was totally teased, he loved contact sports and he certainly had a complete set of silent bells. Duhhh! This film should have been called "Hiking for Jesus" or something just to let the general public know that the real intent of this film is to convert people to Christianity and to support those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed in lamb's blood. That the title derives from the Bible is clear when the coach is reading his Bible and asking Jesus for help. The recent sports film "Invincible" was 100 times more stimulating than this, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was only the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. <br /> <br /> Every great attraction as an inspirational sports film is eventually lost amid all the blatant boldness of the Bible and hypocritical religious propaganda. One gets the impression that the only message is the only way to succeed and gain a positive gain if you accept Jesus as your personal savior. But this is simply not true, and is therefore a lie that is perpetuated by those who believe it to be true and want everyone else to believe it. The image of the winning athlete who thanks Jesus when he wins comes directly to mind. What do you do when you lose? Do you curse Jesus? Obviously not! When he loses Jesus he is not responsible. Jesus is responsible only when he wins. And the logic turns and turns, and ends exactly where the true believer needs it to be, every time !! I had to take a break when the scene arrived with the coach who received a brand new truck, so I could stop rolling on the floor laughing my ass and catching my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most of the so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see a Jesus fish on the back of a huge diesel SUV that passes me as if I were still. <br /> <br /> Another message that this film implies is that Jesus apparently is more interested in the record of losing a mediocre football team than he does with the millions of hungry children in the world. The final scene in which the insecure and uncertain kicker tires a 51-yard field goal and is exaggerated when an incredibly incredible miracle puts the last gag with a red flag on this turkey. I gave him only three stars because the guy who played the black coach could really act.
