I was scolded and scorned by my Christian colleagues for declaring my disappointment for this film. I am haunted by statements like these: "I can't believe you didn't like it! It was totally done by the Christians!" "Everyone donated their time and no one was paid for the film! It was made by a church and not from Hollywood, we should spend our money on films like this! They only used $ 100,000 to make the film." "This is from a true Christian church and school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed." So, apparently, the reason why I should love this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it was made by Christians. This is all that is necessary for me to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I took the movie without knowing anything about the background of the film. I had never heard of it before and had no idea, apart from football, what it was. I looked at it as if I were watching another movie and I was disappointed. I was disappointed by the bad editing and the lame script. I was VERY disappointed with the resolution after the climax. Don't worry There have been other low-cost films and other films made EXPENSIVELY that have earned me less respect. This is not about the making of the film. It is the final product. <br /> <br /> The writer recognizes that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray for, in the way we want, but wanted to show having faith, God changes our lives. This is true. However, God can change our lives and we are still sterile. God can change our lives and we do not receive an increase from our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old trench. God can change our lives and our house is still smelly. Why didn't you portray it in the film? Others expressed their concern for the writer / director on the issue, but apparently, he was on the defensive. <br /> <br /> I didn't think the acting was horrible, nor many of the landscape shots. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing his extraordinary power and weakness. <br /> <br /> Writing and directing were very weak. It is easy to distinguish it because many characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she's not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). There seems to be only one ball player who had the potential to have an interesting character and who was cut to pieces in "I have a crippled father and I can't play good football, but I'll punish the goal on the winning field even though I've never kicked a real goal on the field. " Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I worked for two Christian schools, I did one too and I had many grandchildren in other Christian schools. All in all, I had some pretty tight connections with about ten different ones. None of the problems I saw in ALL these schools have been addressed. I saw this as totally surreal in the film about their school and wanted them to show the human factor. It would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work. <br /> <br /> I will close by stating that each work, written or drawn or played on an instrument, shares the vision of the artist's world. The world view that was shown to me in this film is the following: "People who pray in the right way win ball games, take new cars, conceive when they can't, raise and have their home repaired - all in short span time ". I know. I should LOVE the film simply because of the sincerity of the people who created it. I think I should love the movie because it was well done and for no other reason.
