I watched this film in a youth group, in which my youth leader, who was otherwise intuitive, and his wife lurked. Then a couple of adults in a Christmas party tied to the church was indignant to give a copy of this film to every single family present, and now my family is stuck with the film (although luckily it still remains in its packaging) . I cried bitter tears about these sad events, and here's why: First: this film has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This film is trying to show that you should put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out to be a problem - a big one. This film was made by a church, so obviously every single question must be tackled with a taste for Christians as much as possible. It's all in black and white, with no gray areas. The grace and will of God in this film is a predictable thing, and it comes instantly to all those who follow His orders. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life I'm used to. The God in whom I believe is a powerful and trustworthy God, but it is not one that fulfills my every wish. I follow him as best I can, even if it is often difficult; however the soccer team in this film finds their humility and self-control a lot easier than anyone should ever find. I can't relate to the cardboard cutouts that pass from the bad side to the good side during some structured movie scenes. And when I follow His commandments as set out in the Bible, I certainly won't find myself flooded with blessings like these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I did the right thing; all the rest comes with a long, tiring and arduous job. <br /> <br /> But let's take the example of this movie set: Grant Taylor trains the football team of the Shiloh Christian school, which has had 6 losing seasons in a row. He could lose his job for this, and he and his wife are short of money the way it is. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him it's sterile. Oh, and his car doesn't work. And the boys of his soccer team are disrespectful to their parents, complaining after their million losses, and bad for football. This is definitely a rundown community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides he will trust God for everything! And conveys his trust to his team. So far, so good. Not for a long time. When they begin to obey, the blessing is literally POUR on them. Suddenly the students stop disrespecting their parents; the school has a great "awakening"; the team starts winning EVERY game; they also win the big league against the most difficult team in the league! Coach Taylor's work is reassured; the school gives him a shiny new truck (which, by the way, is the epitome of superficial and weathered employers); gets an increase; his wife (take this) gets pregnant by her sterile sperm! And that skinny kid manages to kick his first damn field goal just when it really counts !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise to the Lord, etc., etc. !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Only YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ so dry. Yes, there have been abundant miracles in my family, as well as gifts and comforts, and I attribute them to the grace and benevolence of God. But God is not a faucet that turns on and off by being good or bad! It is in principle a mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need them but you really do. It is a long and hard joke towards the road of realization, and things NEVER transform themselves into the way you thought they would do. <br /> <br /> This film has good intentions. But due to his supreme superficiality and total escape, he accumulates tremendously at 1/10. The clichés of bad acting and sports movies seem to be just pimples alongside the false lies that this film inadvertently pushes. <br /> <br /> To all future churches planning to make a film: don't be afraid to show REAL life, you too must add some uncomfortable truths to the mix. No matter how much the Basque people are thrilled by this candy cane candy, no one has learned anything substantial from it. Give us meat, bones, REAL things! True life applies to everyone, not just Christians, and this is something that "Facing the Giants" failed to capture.
