Scarecrows is one of those films that, with a little more acting, a little more direction, and much more the logic of the plot, would have been rather compelling as a horror movie. As it is, it is still a creepy film that has a solid makeup and gore effects, and a premise that supports the mood of terror in spite of itself. And hey, there are no teenagers who are killed one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change of pace. And the plot is incredibly similar to Dead Birds, with a hasty robbery, an abandoned and ghostly house in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But just like Dead Birds, the adults are still reckless, they run without knowing it before being slaughtered one by one, and ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In Scarecrows, however, we never discover the supernatural because, and that supports the atmosphere of creepiness. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escaping in a plane hijacked with the pilot and his daughter, after a network of robberies in millions, a para-military group is crossed by one of them; a very nervous guy named Burt. Jump off the plane with the big, heavy box that holds the money, apparently with no plans on how to move it when it's on the ground. Being the most stupid of the group, he is killed first. But not before he happens in the Fowler residence, nestled among a creepy-looking lot of scarecrows and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings to keep away. And the strange weather vane on the roof, with the pitchfork and the pterodactyl, should have been a warning sign. Even the interior of the house is rather disturbing (to us in the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> Surprisingly, we have to listen to Burt's thoughts off-screen, as he walks and mysteriously comes across the key to the decrepit truck in the courtyard. The way the key opens would be enough to let my pants fly - with me in them - out the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really like to see people's lips move around the screen, even when they're just thinking out loud. It helps to intensify the action, and gives the athlete more to do than resemble what the voiceover says. Burt pulls the box onto the truck and makes his escape. Sure why not? decrepit trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, and the battery? no problem. Now, I said that Burt was the most stupid of the group, and that's why (besides the above, of course). Wearing night vision goggles to walk through the foliage and find the house, take them away to drive the truck, and instead, turn on the headlights to see where it's going. Of course, the criminals still in the plane see the headlights of his truck and know where it is headed. Brilliant. Deserves to die Definitely. I'm not sure why he needed night vision goggles, as every scene is intensely illuminated, from inside the plane, to the night landscape outside and at home. The director of photography was a. myopic, b. just out of school, or c. deals with very cheap films. <br /> <br /> Burt meets his death when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Go figure. A very nice touch, and there are, I must admit, some in the film, is the fact that when the lid of the truck opens, there is no engine. Creepy, to be sure (and post comments here again). The logic of the story fails when dead, now-filled-as-a-flounder-with-money-and-straw-Burt returns home. The rest of the group is there, shaking it, then realizes that it is really dead, and that it has been gutted and stuffed like a plaice with money and straw. Dead Burt still manages to fight enough, and grabs a man by the mouth, pushing him through a window, making him bite more than he can chew in a gorylicious scene. At this point, you would think that they would run out of the house and get back on the plane - but noooo, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole episode of Burt is dead treated in a rather practical way, although a bright light bulb in the group claims, "Burt was going around dead, for God's sake!" <br /> <br /> The money stolen suddenly appears on the grounds outside the house, and the criminals happily go to the bait. Soon, another one of them, Jack, is sent, and once again the scene is well done and terrifying, involving an opaque handsaw and no anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows on the triggering chaos, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the criminals sees the scarecrows and Jack becomes a scarecrow, he starts screaming, running away like hell, and shooting his gun in typical para-military style. So much for everything you practice under crap. He meets with the others and stops in his tracks to explain why he is screaming, running away like crazy and shooting from his gun, even if the scarecrows seem to chase him. Once again, the logic of the script ... Dead and gutted, Jack returns home and chases the screamer with the usual results. If you listen to Jack's demonic growl, by the way, you might notice, depending on your age, that it's the same growl sound as the monsters often heard in Lost In Space TV episodes. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors run away from the house and return to the plane, barely escaping. But they? You'll have to see the movie to find out.
