The orange tone of everything was just crap. Oh yes, the main character lives in a ghetto that is all orange with orange tints. Meanwhile, to escape mentally from this overwhelming body poverty, he plays a full-immersion video game (which sucks that no rule is clear and that no logic follows the gameplay). Apparently he earns an income playing the game but does he reveal that he is not an employee of the gambling company? A lot of breaks without talking later the story drags on slowly. It uses an orange glitchy computer interface with an operating interface that is visually annoying and I can only suspect a future version of Microsoft. Meanwhile, I the viewer, I basically wonder why he is wasting his precious time in some idiotic game when he barely has the necessities of life? Oh yes, playing is fun, but what's the point of starving? While he is spending his life playing a full-immersion video game with more insidious and even more orange lice, his dog runs away (he is probably looking for an owner who pays attention at least and feeds him regularly) or is stolen from woman (while ignoring her bad orange reality). Meanwhile she is obsessed with a game, her game team has lost the whole uninteresting movie. Yawn. So you want to be the best of the best, go get them Ash Catchem (we must all get bored). Golly, this main character sucks like a human being and has no saving qualities beyond his physical beauty (which he could barter somehow to escape his overwhelming poverty). <br /> <br /> Thus it reaches the "Real" level and, at least, it does not suck horribly and is sent to kill a former comatose in a mentally living coma in the "Real" level. Finally, the boring orange movie is no longer a boring task to look at, but it has the potential to say something like "the main character is trapped in imaginary computer-generated poverty and she is actually in the real world". Maybe you will do the act of murder and live in the real world now? Well, kill the boy and disappear in a digital effect. Wow! Thanks idiot manager. You suck, you suck so much, director. <br /> <br /> Here the director had the chance to redeem himself by burying this terrible cruel and terrible film with a philosophical touch. <br /> <The director could have said: "TRUE WORLD is there and, if you live and contribute to it to improve, it will certainly not be a poor and orange-colored land". A clever way to make this movie suck-tacular a painfully slow lesson on basic civic pride (for 1% of viewers who haven't found something really fun to look at this point or are masochists of cinema). <br /> <br /> No, director. The director had to ruin everything by doing a bit of digital cruelty and ruining all the chances of redemption for this terribly lousy movie that was a waste of money, a waste of time and a waste of trust from the spectators. <br /> <br /> After, it ends. Good release. I hope the director suffocates him. I'm putting this HACK on my "avoid at all costs" list for all the other movies that have their name associated with them.
