You have a gift. It is exquisitely wrapped. The box in which it is inserted is handmade in precious wood and shows skill down to the smallest detail. This is then wrapped in a splendid paper, handmade and hand-painted by the most talented artists. Everything is wrapped in ribbons made of fine silk lace. It is a sight to behold. <br /> <br /> Then cut the ribbon, tear off the paper, open the box and find ... nothing. This is TOYS. Enjoy the package or forget it. <br /> <br /> The film is not without goals and points: war is not a good thing. Well, it's not so original! The moral is so obvious that it is almost embarrassing to even indicate it. And even that weak intuition is subdued by a story in which elements of war - war toys in particular - are clearly a bad thing, until they need an exciting climax and the film simulates a war using innocent toys. It is as if someone were preaching a severe and condescending sermon, only to end up saying "I'm just kidding." <br /> <br /> But even as an empty box, the film fails a careful scrutiny. Yes, it is a sight to behold with some remarkable and surprising images. The sets are imaginative and cinematography captures skillfully colored scenes. But the images are cold and emotionally sterile. Like the script, the appearance of the film is joyless and sometimes aesthetically sterile and surreal. It is a film that wants to praise toys as wonderful and special things, but shows them to be creations of a world that is empty and cold. The film strives to be fun, in a sense, but humor is forced and artificial. Robin Williams, as the beleaguered heir to a toy production empire, launches his ad-lib shtick, which seems only alien to the bizarre and cold world he is experiencing. In fact, the topical references and the insipid sexual insinuations that are scattered everywhere are strongly contradictory with the childlike fable that the film is vaguely trying to be. For this film to work, or make sense, it must be set in its universe, an Oz far from Kansas. Every time the jokes take us back to reality, the country of toys is increasingly becoming an obvious fiction. It is said that this was the animal project of director Barry Levinson, which he had tried to achieve for ten years. It is sadly obvious why he had trouble getting support. Like most pet projects that are finally realized (RADIOLAND MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: the EARTH is a great example) seems to be a blind spot in the filmmaker's visual field. Perhaps Levinson directed and redirected TOYS so often in his head that he didn't have a new vision when he finally came on stage. He had already perfected it to death. <br /> <br /> Many of the toys in the film are clumsy, mechanical, wind-charged monstrosities. This is the film itself.
