Fluff ridiculous, which combines his mistake trying to have meaning. Joan, this time as a member of Congress, Agatha Reed, president of a commission dedicated to "investigating the high costs of food". Congressman Reed says, "The housewife took him too long in the neck. I will continue to fight long enough so that the American family can take a vacation once a year, watch a movie every week and feed a peanut sometimes an elephant. " She has everything to do, but gets all excited when she receives an honorary degree from Good Hope College, where she was expelled for the crime of being out all night (the parallel with Joan's real life is unmistakable here, as it is throughout Joan Film). The degree causes much consternation on campus ("It would be the largest institution in the history of education!") ?? but Joan is not aware of it when she arrives. The college president, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, at his most beautiful, seems to be Joan's former teacher ?? and lover. It was with * him * that he spent the night outside, so many years ago, but Joan felt that it was better to disappear than to try to explain to the skeptical college that they were going to get married. Of course, this high-profile event will be covered by * Life * magazine ?? and who turns out to be the photographer? Yet another of Joan's old lovers? this, he attended in China "during the war", and he thinks that Joan could be looking for trouble with his old flame. Eve Arden, who plays Joan's assistant, "Woodie", is at his best and smartest in this movie ?? with his irreverent and useless reflections that would take you away from his work, if you didn't like it so much. But you don't like just Eva in this, as in all her roles, you adore her. She is so funny and without frills, you'd like to pay her just to be around and become one of the guys. When Joan cries when she arrives at her alma mater, Eva tells her that she "looks fierce". But Joan says that maybe others only see a collection of buildings, do you, Joan, see the youth ?? at 18 years "impatient, waiting? a little scared, asking 'what is life? what am I?'" But, of course, if in reality it deepens on Joan at 18, the truth could be a little different . <br /> <br /> For me, this is the main problem in watching any Joan movie. You can call his characters any way you like, but it's always all Joan, always. So, since what we always see is Joan itself, it's easy to give up the names of the characters. It's just that it gets confusing when Joan tries to tell us something obviously false, like her description of herself at 6pm? when we know that at 18, Joan had already been out of the block several times. Many men would have described her as greedy, and as far as expectation, she had already had several abortions at this point. But this is a personal problem, and I digress, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "?? and then Joan does it?" this or that, or "Let's see Joan like ..." when we're not literally watching a movie at home. <br /> <br /> Is there an unintentionally exhilarating moment when Joan receives the Clara Bow doll she left behind in college? Rapid arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent ploy to make us believe that Joan is much younger than she seems. What fails also fails an attempt at political correctness in the early 1950s. In the story, Joan has written a book on freedom of speech and made a film (no, not the one on the plumber), and attracts the attention of a radical on the campus of the 1950s, dr. Pitt, who is about to be fired for his opinions, which are surprisingly similar to Joan's. It is here that the film mysteriously becomes a tale of morality, a weak doubt, but perhaps the only thing that prevents us from slipping into oblivion.
