This movie was so bad I don't know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I attended Horrorfest, and I have to say that Horrorfest and all his films bring false advertising to a whole new level. Congratulations to advertisers because I am sure they have tricked many people into spending money and seeing those movies that year. The Hamiltons was easily the worst of those I saw (the others I saw were Unrest, Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The cover of the film and the trailer made it seem that a family of cannibals terrified the neighborhood that I thought was a rather interesting plot, only to be disappointed eventually discovering that it was an "old age" on the transition of a vampire boy. This is why the drama prevails over any sense of horror in this film. And to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add a series of horny twins who can't wait to take a "bite" from each other, and some deadly creature in the basement, that if I found out what "The secret was not revealed at the end of the film, I would have left the theater halfway in the film. <br /> <br /> Complete waste of money and time Cut 40 minutes from this movie and turn it into an episode on a show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and would have received more praise than this. Absolute garbage! So ugly that two years later, I have to go back to IMDb and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. while you are reading this, avoid the rest of Horrorfest's films in the future.The most you can do is rent them from Blockbusters or watch them online somewhere.Horrorfest presents films by independent filmmakers who can't make it On the big screen, and all the rubbish on 'things that don't show you in theaters', they didn't refer to blood or guts or horror ... they referred to the films themselves. Because they are awful. Think of Horrorfest as a less famous version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the "hate", but next time think twice about cheating customers with their money.
