The Hamiltons tells the story of the four Hamilton brothers, the teenage Francis (Cory Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the eldest son David (Samuel) who is now the surrogate parent in charge. The move of Hamilton's home, Franics is not sure why and is not happy with the way things are. The fact that his brother and sister kidnap, imprison and kill people in the basement does not help either to relax or calm Francis' nerves. Francis knows that something is not right and when he finally discovers the truth, things will never be the same ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores as The Butcher Brothers ( which is just the title of other directors so far is the remake of the April Fool's Day (2008), quite said) this was one of the 2006 "Films to Die For" After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever it's called) and in pretty much everyone else I've seen, I thought The Hamiltons was a total and complete shit. I found the character really poor, very unlikely, and the slow-moving story failed to capture my imagination or sustain my interest for 86 minutes and 85 minutes. There's the horrible twist that made me laugh out loud, there's really great support for what's inside a belief in the Hamiltons cellar and eventually turns out to be a kid with a teddy bear. Should this really scare us? Should this really shock us? Is it really something that should make us talk about this while the credits roll? Is a harmless-looking boy the best final 'twist' that producers could invent? The boring plot continues, it is never made clear where the Hamilton get all their money to buy new homes since none of them seem to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt he pays a lot) or why they weren't caught before now. The script tries to mix the drama of every day with a strong horror and does only a terrible job of combining the two to the extent that no aspect is memorable or effective. A really bad movie so I'm struggling to say something good. <br /> <br /> Although it was written and directed by Butcher Brothers that sounds extreme there is no blood here, there is some dirty blood and some scenes of girls chained in a basement but nothing you couldn't do at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a video camera. The film is neither scary, and since it has a very bourgeois suburban environment, there is no atmosphere or mood. There is a lesbian and I suggest an incestuous kiss but The Hamiltons is low on the scale of exploitation and there is not much to do for the horror audience. <br /> <br /> Shot in Petaluma, California, it looks modern and low budget, not badly done but rather forgettable. The acting of an unknown cast (for me) is nothing to write about and I can't say I've ever felt anything for anyone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commits the capital sin of being boring and boring since it never recovers. Add to that an ultra-thin story, no gore, a garbage finish, and characters that don't work and have a movie that doesn't impress me at all.
