Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's set in Hawaii, it's a dramatic action / adventure film, a lot of scenes are characterized by boats and palms and polyester fabrics and flashy shirts ... it's also the protagonist of the "Zulu" character in a secondary role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes should be an undercover agent on the front line, and the supporting cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed at the time and worked for years. It filled market demand quite adequately for Hawaii-based criminal dramas. Codename: Diamond Head may have been intended as the geronimo of H50 as the previous series eventually moved away ... but it looks like a superfluous copy of second choice. It doesn't suck, but it is completely derived and does nothing other than the original. <br /> <br /> There is a decent acting talent involved here. Thinnes is an old pro, and he gives the role his best shot, and he's not bad. But Thinnes is as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as an evil espionage master called "Tree", and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in every scene he appears. But he's calling his part here. Frances Ngyuen looks pretty exotic, but her amazing thinness, her dull features, her strong accent and her wooden delivery are not the things dreams are made of. Relying on her to provide "romantic interest" for Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake in the series. At least for a series intended for the white public that grew up with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our love goddesses. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with a dialog / voice coach, and she could cut it. Zulu is, well, its usual self-enjoyment in the smaller parts, but it's not a person who can bring a movie alone. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the plot and dialogue are strictly by numbers, with nothing to distinguish them from any other Quinn Martin production. And at this point, the American television audience had seen a large number of QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was one too many, and sank without a trace. It was not the real fault of the actors, and I hope they moved away from it with a decent paycheck and another voice on their C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 has revived this treatment for the sixth season and had a lot of natural fun with it. It is worth looking for it in that version if you like the MST approach to the awkward and raspberry film, but I can't imagine that nobody cares about this pilot for any other reason.
