As others have already mentioned, this film is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and to the lesser known science fiction film ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that those two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and who were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS did not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting science fiction story that has had the wrong people and the wrong actors playing the roles. <br /> <br /> The story follows the scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene Le Brock), a obsessed man who works on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university he works for risks cutting funds, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum into himself. As a result, Dr. Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly turning into a lizard. And oh yes, watching the good doctor go through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. It's really so bad that it's good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> Many of the reviews I've read about this indicate how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are. I just have to go ahead and ruin it: the good doctor goes from being a miserable half-man and half-lizard to being what appears to be a man in a Godzilla costume declined, when the police finally kill him. In the final scene, a hateful child is seen with a small pet lizard claiming he will never die, and the heroine of the film, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov), evidently decides that the little lizard is the last incarnation of Dr. Houseman . The camera therefore offers us a close-up of the face of the lizard; this is, I presume, the way the director shows us that the lizard is MALE. Yes, it's stupid, but I laughed so I can't complain. I saw this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack I purchased. I'm sure many of those who are reading this have done exactly the same thing, since the 50 pack is the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you bought the boxed set recently and haven't watched this movie yet, it's really worth it, even if I ruined the ending for you. It could also be possible to find this movie online for free.
