"Metamorphosis" contains a small cult value, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian boy is more or less the personification of male disgust and has played virtually every rancid production of Joe D'Amato during the late 70s / early 80s. Wouldn't it be interesting for Euro-cult shoppers to own the only film directed by the boy who walked barefoot in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought so! Now, unlike the films in which he starred, Eastman's "metamorphosis" is a bit disappointing in the departments of gore and sleaze. There are a handful of murders, murders of monsters and naked female bodies (a guest appearance of the nonsense queen Laura Gemser!) On display, but it is above all a talkative film. The beautiful and eloquent Dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research on human DNA codes when suddenly the university he works for risks erasing his funds. He developed a theory to decode genes and block the human aging process, but if he does not learn of detailed reports in a short time, his research will be stopped. So Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent scientist would do and inject the untested serum into his veins. Needless to say (and as the title suggests), it slowly turns into a murderous monster that actually ages much faster! In other words, his research sucked! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, this film "borrows" many ideas from "The Fly" by David Cronenberg ?? the fictional dramatic plot included - but does not add any originality to his. The big difference is that you constantly feel connected to the Jeff Goldblum character in "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that must be destroyed as quickly as possible. The appearance of the rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of the yellow "Phantom of Death", sadly underestimated by Ruggero Deodato, only the protagonist in that film inherited the disease and did not inflict it on himself. The physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films, though. Few fears or excitement to discover here, instead the film presents a lot of bad acting, poor lighting, bad editing and a completely delayed climax. Feel free to skip this.
