If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that makes you laugh and forget your problems. I don't think Role Models is that movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film revolves around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Two juice promoters, who go to schools to promote the product, telling the children they are without drugs and more juice. But Danny is having the worst week ever and crashes into his company car, with Wheeler sitting next to him. His ex-girlfriend, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, manages to avoid having them end up in prison, doing hours of community service, volunteering in a big brother called Sturdy Wings led by Gayle (Jane Lynch) . Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a dirty mouth as if he were Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight like he was in medieval times. But will this be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they stay better in prison? <br /> <br /> Okay, I'm not going to beat around the bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. That is the character of Ronnie, listening to those bad words that come from such a young boy, was very shocking. If he were a little older, he wouldn't be so motherly. I mean what his parents think when they signed him. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so unwatchable, maybe I should have felt bad for her character, but I didn't feel anything, because she is ostentatiously portrayed as a woman who would be interpreted in this kind of comedies. And Jane Lynch, which is the worst of the worst. You offer the most exaggerated performances ever. Playing a former drug addict, who behaves as if he were still drugged. Listening to it gave me that annoying dialogue, it made me want to throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott, once again playing another Stifler character, should really try to break up, and this movie will not. And the more Scott tries to be funny, that's what keeps him from being funny. <br /> <br /> Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, will separate me from the others in the film, because he runs to offer a solid performance, even if he doesn't get higher laughs, but he is the most interesting character of the rest. Because Rudd doesn't escape, and he doesn't try much. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are watchable. But the rest of the film is so stupid, sometimes it resumes. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It is a reminder that these types of comedies do not prove anything new, they are all the same, there is no risk. Role models are an example.
