(Only minor spoilers, except as noted). <br /> <br /> I recently enjoyed Spanish cinema; both the current Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar, and the Latin American cinema of directors like Del Toro, whose superb "Dorsal of the devil", set in the Spanish civil war, was the best horror film of the last decade. It is not surprising, therefore, that this film is well made, well acted and that it manages to support that typically different Spanish atmosphere. But it is also an unpleasant and useless film as one might hope not to have to see. <br /> <br /> What is actually the purpose of all this? We have no idea what caused the disturbing central character to undertake his murderous madness, despite the fact that large amounts of narrative voices are taken directly from his narcissistic diary. In a normally unpleasant opening sequence, set over ten years earlier, we see the central character kill his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and freakery of control ("if I can't have you nobody can do it"). Strangely, this is perhaps one of the best sequences in the film, but it has no visible relationship with its subsequent murderous madness, which appears completely different both in motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We have no idea, even if later we will discover, as an absurd sort of rethinking, that he obtained a law degree while he was in prison. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in many of our notorious "serial killers" or "sex" murder cases, the terrible question arises; And the wife? Did he know, or did he suspect what was happening? This is a question that this film could have asked, and indeed the wife begins to emerge as one of the most intriguing characters. But, trivially, the answer to the question is clear enough: "No, he didn't." Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a plate, the film still manages to drive it crazy. All that we actually get, sketched in a superficial way at the end, is its somewhat amoral preparation to collect the proceeds after the event. Compare this with the horrific revealing moment of Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "you know what I mean ??" thus sealing its own destiny and allowing us a shocking dismay in unimaginable abysses of repressed knowledge and horror. <br /> <br /> (Major spoiler in this paragraph). Meanwhile, we should believe that the same killer is a criminal mind that outsmart the police, thus securing the shortest prison in a psychiatric hospital before being released so that it can kill again. How exactly did you achieve this? The plot becomes extremely sketchy at this point; something to do deliberately leaving some clues for the police; but how all this works or why, or how the next court case proceeds, remains a mystery. Actually I don't think serial killers are like that. The Silence of the Lambs could be comics stuff, but ?? Lecter aside ?? gets his right serial killers. They are deeply disturbed, profoundly dysfunctional, profoundly inadequate; not the disturbingly fascinating mind presented here (closely related to the equally implausible sweet killer of The Last Horror Movie, or even Man Bites Dog, although it seems not to have noticed that this was a satire). <br /> <br /> This film has little suspense and messes up the little intrigue that the plot might have generated. It has nothing useful to say about the motivations of serial killers, in general, or in the specific cultural context of Spain. This is nothing but a poorly traced excuse to show women a rather misogynist violence. And strangely, what makes this violence even more repugnant is a certain lack of courage even in the way it is presented. The soft core character of what is actually shown makes it seem even more repellent. Only an explicit shot, properly programmed, would have been infinitely more shocking, and would have made the rest completely useless, freeing up more time for the film to flesh out the holes in the plot and characterization. Instead, we get endless shots of vulnerable young women lying on a table in their cute but slightly revealing underwear. Very, very disturbing. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror movies and I can tolerate even the most extreme, to the point of worrying my partner. But I think that anyone who finds this film is beautiful, or interesting, I too will find myself detaching myself. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; this is simply lascivious. <br /> <br /> It really leaves a bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this movie more than a star just because it is run competently, but morally it doesn't deserve at all and should never have been created.
