The disappearance is set in the Mojave desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) plus their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft), a friend of the family are traveling, stop at a roadside restaurant and ask about an old deserted mining town on the map called Weaver. No one says they heard about it but it's definitely there and the family decides to take a detour to check it out and take some pictures. Once in the city they take some photos and take a look, but when the time comes to leave their car it doesn't start and they have to spend the night there. Looking around, they find a videotape that they reproduce only to find out the footage of a frightened woman who says that all her friends disappeared the next morning and their car disappeared while things take a very sinister turn. What is Weaver's secret? Will Henley will never live ... <br /> <br /> Written, executive co-producer and director by Walter Klenhard I must say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I've ever seen. For the first 85 minutes it was a pretty good and mysterious mix of thrillers and horror films, but then we were treated to one of the worst endings ever in film history. The script suggests many different things but it never elaborates or confirms and I sat there genuinely intrigued by what was happening, by the mysterious disappeared car, by the four recent tombs, by the thing in the abandoned mines, by the supernatural sandstorm, by the sudden and inexplicable disappearance of Ethan and his equally inexplicable reappearance, the sinister motives of the sheriff, the compass of the car that goes mad, the crashed plane, the citizens who deny the existence of Weaver and the possible side effects of a bomb to neutrons fell near Weaver in the 1940s but they are all thrown out of the window and for what we know they may have been completely separate random events. Everything was progressing well and was set for a great revelation of twist, but none was imminent and instead I was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and decidedly frustrating ending possible. If nothing else, the ending contradicts much of what happened before and leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It's almost as if the producers had these great ideas, but then they didn't know what to do with them and they just finished the shot. I only thought of putting so much effort into watching the film that sometimes it can be rather slow without any kind of reward and in fact the final seemed more like a kick in the teeth or a good greeting with two fingers! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the large desert areas of the desert give a good sense of isolation. It's well done, but what were they thinking with that ending? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense and it's just a huge, frustrating mess that leaves you confused and wants to know more after spending almost an hour and a half. Despite being a horror movie there is no blood or blood, although there are one or two gruesome moments here and there. The film actually recalls the remake of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for large parts, as it is what the film is set to be before a bizarre ending that does nothing to close the film. <br /> <br /> Technically the film goes well with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations and cinematography. Set in America but shot in South Australia. Acting is good for a decent cast. <br /> <br /> The disappearance is a really strange film, for a long time it turns into a little mystery thriller of horror, but it never explains everything that happens and the surreal. I really can't see anyone head or tail of this, I really can't.
