This production never really took off for me. The plot is so fragmented as to be disjointed and the production is so short that unless you've read the novel or seen a better adaptation (like the 1995 one with Amanda Root) you'll be a little lost because there's no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins like Anne, but the rest of the cast was rather poor compared to what they should have been. Mrs. Croft was too old, like Anne's older sister, Elizabeth. Mary uttered everything with those throbbing accents that her character's general irritability and selfishness were lost. Much better was the Mary of Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and discomfort are so established that, when Wentworth suggests Anne to be with Louisa and Mary wounded, that she, like Louisa's sister-in-law, should stay, can you imagine someone less suitable to do so. In this version, it could also remain as she is not sufficiently differentiated from anyone else in the production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is beautiful to look at, but he made a much better St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because that character required a less implicit depth of feeling. I agree with the comments made earlier on the concert scene: it seemed more like he was trying to get rid of Anne than to do her a favor. Similarly, the scene of the accident: it happens so fast and with so little context, you wonder what it is. And shifting the discourse that Wentworth overhears in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical false step that only contributes to the disconnected nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was the lighting. Sometimes everything looked like a CSI morgue scene - very very blue. At other times the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to distinguish the scene very well, like when Anne visits her old classmate, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, should be more or less paralyzed. For Anne, on the street, to tell her about the terrible character of Mr. Elliot there was such a violation that for a minute I couldn't think of who she was - I thought she was one of Musgrove's girls, and she could have been. And the scene in the run at the end ... in an age where the ownership was of a high standard, it is hard to imagine the sweet Anne who tears herself all over Bath like a demented hoyden. What fool can you get? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the qualities of a good Anne Elliot, but was completely hindered by a poorly organized script and too truncated production.
