I really didn't want to see this. It seemed to be an old Raj Kanwar movie that disgusted me even before I started watching it because I don't even consider it close to being mediocre as a director. The only reason I took this is obviously the appearance of Shahrukh Khan in the film. I didn't even know what the movie was about, because I was sure it would be just a normal fairy tale. So I just imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with a substantial supporting role of Rishi Kapoor that I thought would play his father or uncle. And to my great shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who loves the young Divya! It saddened me to discover that Shahrukh had a small part of no substance and even this, only in the second part of this idiotic film. <br /> <br /> Let me simply repeat the question: why a 17 year old? did the adorable old Divya fall for a piglet 40 years longer, chubby and swollen like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take this part; the only thing he has done is ridicule himself. He made fun of a girl who could logically be younger than his daughter and make things worse - he behaves like a teenager in his forties. In addition to this, just to make oneself more pathetic, he plays a popstar ... <br /> <br /> To make things clear, I have no problems with actors who love women much younger than themselves. As long as they form a convincing pair, there should be no problems. In fact, the main actors have always been the protagonists of young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and have done the mating quite well. Also, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his act in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but it's not like he looks in this movie like, for example, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan looks today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and as for the reason why every person actually saw this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He excelled in the little that his part allowed him to do. Even the late Divya Bharti made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, go only for the second half. Personally, I wouldn't do that either.
