I'm not one of those people who will come out of a film based on original material and will automatically say: "The book was better". I know it's better not to diminish the value of a film just because it wasn't a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and a lot of decisions that go into making a film that are sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / cinematographer / producer and certainly beyond the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word for word, like a book or a game or a video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! A film should be judged according to its standards and how it adapts to society. Furthermore, a successful film should be made because the material is relevant to the company to which it belongs and, if it is based on source material, its relevance must be reviewed and improved by the directors. <br /> <br /> Films like There Will Be Blood follow this paradigm because, while it was based on a novel written at the beginning of the century, Oil !, it feels relevant because of things like the war in Iraq and concerns energetic that the country of origin of the film, the United States, was living and living. Also King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technology and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I don't understand why they took the trouble to make this movie? In addition to the great performances, the Academy Awards and the honorary fees and the director / writer of Shanley that he will get, this film seems to come from nowhere. It should simply have remained as a game. The film (which is essentially the same as the drama) says nothing new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities committed and in many cases covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad. It says nothing new or different from the original game. I can't help but compare this film with another film released around the same time: Frost / Nixon, also based on a game. Frost / Nixon, despite Nixon's regrets, seems relevant because he seems to have arrived at a time when President Bush was about to leave his post. The regrets that Nixon had, as shown in the film / film, on the war and his presidency could easily have reflected on Bush and his presidency. In this sense, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from a wider distribution through cinema because it made people talk and reflect on the current political state of the country at that time. On the contrary, Doubt felt like it was yesterday's news and didn't seem to offer anything that the game didn't offer. <br /> <br /> Obviously the film is "good", the performances are exceptional and the adaptation of the script is apt, but then? Why hasn't it remained like a game? Why, in addition to marketing and financial reasons, has it become a movie? He gave the public nothing new about the discus of the horrible subject.
