The Oscar season has arrived and this means that a large number of these deep and engaging ensemble films are in all of cinema in the hope of winning an audience and having the opportunity to get the best film in the big show. Among these is this film based on a very popular and well-acclaimed game. The original playwright was actually the writer and director of the film adaptation; which comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to translate the game than the original writer? On the other hand, who is better not to see the errors and drawbacks of the game and fix them on them than the original writer himself? The doubt mixes an excellent acting and a lot of tension and suspense; with a frustrating conclusion, a useless dialogue, a questionable direction and, of course, the inability to provide substantial answers. It is a growing tendency among these "high caliber" films not to answer all the questions it provides, and this must end. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without his joke, like a book with the final 20 pages missing, like losing the reception while watching the fourth quarter of a hard-fought soccer game, and how not get the 50 cents to continue playing the arcade game and see what happens next. Doubt, just like the previous Best frustrating movie, No Country For Old Men, doesn't really end; does not give us considerable answers or provide enough for us to understand the ending. Yes, that was the intent, but this is not a proof of humanity, it is a fallback. I don't pay money to see an unfinished job, I pay money to see a beginning, a means and an end, and I pray that I won't fall asleep during the three acts. We are forced to become the "writers" of the film by filling ourselves ourselves with what happened before and what will happen to the characters we have seen shouting at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama concerns a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual progress towards a child who goes to church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic church. The church is secretly torn by the fact that it is really committing terrible sins behind everyone's back. The plot thickens as some of the children begin to behave differently, which attracts the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story is set just after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, which has upset the nation for quite some time and has challenged their faith in humanity and each other. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the doubt come as a whole even the always engaging suspense that is built slowly and never overturns. Streep seems to be worthy of Oscar in every role she is in, and here she is no different since her severity and her ruthless behavior put a blanket of fear in all the students and with some members of the church staff. Hoffman again excels as a priest, successfully entering suspicion with a charming personality and a friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to implement, especially when we suppose we like and reflect on him at the same time; but Hoffman approaches the pot against one of the best actresses of our generation and offers fantastic results. When these two argue, you can hear the fireworks fly without ever seeing one thrown. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their superb work. The casting ensemble of Doubt is among the best of 2008. <br /> <br /> Yet, as stated above, it is the script and director that ruins this film, especially when the third act is thinned. The questions open, but no answer is given. The characters appear, but do not provide any real improvement over the plot. Children behave differently, but we never find out why. There are embarrassing corners in the camera and there is no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, the scriptwriter of the comedy, had a previous film in his directorial repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether out of pure arrogance or stupidity, we are stuck seeing random sequences of conversations out of the sieve, annoying chit-chatter that bore endlessly (there was a two-minute discussion of coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley . <Br /> <br /> Bottom Line: The lack of an ending is a stupid trend that is just as irritating as working with sequential cameras in action movies. It doesn't matter that we have a cast of very talented actors, or a decent cinematography, or a good story to work with, or a good use of sound and music; because we have a barrage of unanswered questions that cover everything in a film that lasts over 100 minutes and doesn't even end! The translation from the game to the film is good and fairly accurate, because we have the original crazy behind the project, but it has taken the errors and the stupid sobs from the game to the film. This decade saw his share of highly successful and high-profile films that could have gotten a much higher score from me if they had just decided to add a few more minutes of footage and actually end up: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men, Burn After Reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: end your smelly movie. Please or at least provide a good amount of clues to easily fill the empty space (like Wall-E's depressing backstory), instead of fixing the space while the credits suddenly start rolling and you have a feeling of emptiness, confusion, and mental anguish. Have a start, a half and an end please !! As a critic, I prefer my films to be whole, not incomplete. The doubt feels incomplete, which is why he gets an incompetent vote. <br /> <br /> Someone has to break this stupid trend.
