Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and awaits execution on a spaceship designed for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak and Kol escapes to a conveniently placed rescue pod and flies to Earth (which apparently is nearby). There he confronts a group of "teenagers" (who watch thirty) and a gamekeeper (John Phillip Law), who help him protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and the executioner android (or more properly " ginoid ") the Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box, I was sure this would be a terrible film. But, as terrible as it turned out, it was also a lot of fun (probably at least in part because I was watching it with someone who seems to be incredibly awesome). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who has specialized in making over one hundred low-level films (in particular "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best and throws a plot that only half makes sense and offers us one special rudimentary effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), obviously at a low point in his career. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are holes in the plot. Because there are the hillbilly rednecks in California (presumably in Los Angeles County if I understand the director). What's up with the space woman's sticky blouse? Why is there a subplot on the captain of the ship who tries hard to win his heart when this story is not going anywhere? What the heck is "Quadrant 5"? How does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will short-circuit an android, but land mines practically do nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk, Native American football player with emphysema? And the boy Lund (Robert Clarke) ... does his character even have a point? Does the game that you play with the captain have a point? Does this film have a point? But the biggest mystery is the android (or ginoid) the Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah of "Blade Runner", just a lot bigger? Because, you see, if something is a cyborg, it's partly human. But if it's an android, it's all a computer. This was an android, so there was no reason to make him look human. It may seem like everything. Still, the person who designed it made her the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and tights that show me just a little too much. If you're going to do a female android, isn't the purpose of being seductive and attracting enemies? Unfulfilled mission. They say that beauty is of all shapes and sizes, but I think I found an enormous exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" were still in circulation today, this film would be on a very short list of films that need to be addressed. <br /> <br /> Besides the ugly alien Alienator (sorry, Teagan, female weight lifters are disgusting) the film is fine. Maybe there isn't much of a story and maybe the characters aren't really very interesting. And maybe the deer scene is incredibly adorable for no particular reason - what use does a killer robot with a deer have? But overall, I liked the movie. I'm not going to sell it to my friends or run to my local video store to get the latest copy of DVD (which I'm sure only with amazing special features - not). But I consider to see this film well spent and I look forward to similar adventures in the future.
