Made a year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION, it probably inspired the producers behind the sexual Nazi epic to carry on their most infamous films because the stories are identical : a beautiful blond woman, excited, with a strong (but stupid) head degrades and kills many people under her control, who all hate her and want her dead. Does it sound familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer of the ILSA films, are good friends and started their careers together. So obviously, there is a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can't help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to go ahead and do something different from his typical prosperous women's epics because XXX movies were all the rage during the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer, though full of nudity and kinkiness and violence, they were never even close to real porn. His films began to look positively characteristic alongside DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porn movies. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films and BLACKSNAKE is the end result of such a dilemma in his career. Obviously he wanted to expand into a different and unexplored territory. But BLACKSNAKE bombed the B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to making films of the VIXEN type which, although they were not yet pornographic, were definitely more exaggerated than all his previous films. <br /> <br /> No wonder BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's just terrible. Trash-O-Rama. Jaw-droppingly bad. It is an almost enslaved hold of slavery, if you can imagine it. The end result is jarring. One minute, we are in the typical Meyer territory: exuberant, playful and silly, and then the next minute, super serious meditation on slavery and violence. Eh? It just doesn't work. The slavery / racism aspect is sadly badly managed and turns this film into the real category of exploitation. But BLACKSNAKE is not as dreary as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and that kind of movie, so I guess the latter's fans have been disappointed with this, which would explain the lack of interest in exploitation fans in this movie or Russ Meyer. Meyer blames the failure of BLACKSNAKE because, and I quote, "He didn't have enough breasts in it." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is just ugly, without breasts or breasts. But he is right about the low breast size. Except for Anouska and the maid, the cast of the film is male. Meyer replaces his usual bevy of prosperous girls with a crowd of big pigs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand around, who is portrayed as a ruthless but intelligent gay who enjoys the power he has over men, one can only wonder what Meyer was trying to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE stars David Warbeck, who is gripped by Anouska and his right arm. Poor David. He seems totally confused by the whole experience. It looks like he enjoyed the movie but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what's going on. And then there's Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 70s, not for the seventies. With her make-up and her hair, it looks like a typical English pin-up from the 70s that a century dominatrix. And his wardrobe is hilarious. Once upon a time, in reality, it unpacks its leather boots! I didn't know they had zippers in those days. But the character he plays is, in itself, really degrading (no pun intended). It is nothing but a figure for the object of lust and contempt of every man (and woman) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska are doing it, his boring slave driver enters the room, knocks at unconscious David and tries to rape her, feeling her wildly. The next day, the slave driver is still working for Anouska and the two behave as if nothing had happened. It's totally ridiculous. In any circumstance, if his character had been a real person, Anouska would have launched the mad slave to the driver and would have kicked him on the island. Or even killed. But the fact that the woman keeps him on his plantation after he tried to rape her is lengthening the weak story and the credulity of the characters to the maximum ridiculous details like this, and the extremely surprising angle of blaxploitation makes BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant but watchable film . Watchable in the variety of the wreck. I couldn't help but watch the film for the absolutely groundless aspects of everything (the excellent type of cinematography makes viewing easier). So, being an exploitative film, I think he managed to do what he had to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for the Russ Meyer filmmakers.
