At a time when the Constitution and the main United States have been founded on a desperate administration to distract attention from its internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are unapologetically rejected, a thriller on the taking of the state the illegal action that far exceeds that of the terrorists they are fighting may seem appropriate. However, if you want to see a film about this, try Ed Zwick's faulty ISOBE instead, because the NADA is one of the most childish 'political' thrillers ever made. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director tackled a topic that seems completely ignorant and imprints his ignorance on almost all frames. <br /> <br /> His terrorists are a group of wildly unconvincing stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses up as if he were doing auditions for the "Spia contro Spia" strip from MAD Magazine, Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL sends the professor of sociology from hell, Mariangela Melato, an aspiring revolutionary bourgeois class of cardboard - who behaves every unconvincing plot becomes as if they wanted to be captured. The corrupt authorities are a little better, but they are still painted in unconvincing ways. <br /> <br /> It is possible to make an intelligent film about stupid people (see ELECTION), but this is a film morally about stupid people made by people who think they are intellectuals who are talking to the masses. In truth, if we had managed to recreate Texts, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would actually be to increase the intellectual content of the film, not to lower it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol could have managed to escape with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his production is so inept (the fighting scenes would embarrass a kindergarten class while filming of the abduction are more inept than the abduction itself) and his inability to get his cast to perform with at least some approximation of human behavior clearly recognizable that it is really embarrassing to watch (special mention must be made here of Duchaussoy: so very well in QUERE BETE MUERE by Chabrol, it is incredibly bad here in a performance that is so above the top is back again. <br /> <br /> Chabrol has made some good films, but you would never guess from this mess amateur - a newcomer to his work would never want to see another film after this, which would be a great shame A bad blow and a sad waste of a potentially material nteressante. One out of ten stars - and this is very generous.
