I saw some episodes of this show and found some elements of it quite interesting, considering medical facts that can be learned. But this is totally off-stage and ruined by the endless immoral relationships of the show's characters. It seems that everyone has slept with almost everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a solid or lasting marriage or a relationship in the entire show - everyone is in pieces and in search of prey - it is certainly not a true reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it is really wonderful. <br /> <br /> So we are presented with infinite moral "dilemmas" and are generally solved in such a way as to diminish anyone who disagrees with the degenerate omniscient management and the private practice staff. For example, in one of the last episodes we are presented with an extremely rare situation of a child who is born with an uncertain gender and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the surgery because we should let the child decide his gender later. Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone who opposes abortion would be offended by the way the show treats the pro-life. Addison made the comment that no man was allowed to have an opinion on the matter and only a black figure was given dignity to oppose abortion on moral grounds. The general feeling was that if you opposed abortion, you are a maniac - hardly popular sentiment in the United States. Two of the main characters on the show carelessly mention that they had abortions when they were younger and had no excuses or regrets, despite the fact that research has shown that women can suffer from intense depression. What's more a girl comes to the clinic to have an abortion and then thanks the staff as she goes out and someone talks about how they were helping this young man and it was like something to cheer about. The script may have been written by Planned Parenthood. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a low-cost show that lacks much of a future unless it decides to present more real relationships rather than absolutely unlikely soap opera reports and unlikely medical situations around the world. whole show
