The Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke for a concert in a nightclub called 'Club 905' owned and operated by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell the other band members, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson), that both will go alone and their services they won't make it more necessary. Once at the club Dylan gets ready but Mike doesn't show up and the concert turns into a disaster. Then, just as the band thinks things can't get worse, they find a corpse in the basement, that all the doors have been locked so they can't get out and they can't trust anyone like a mysterious killer starts collecting them out one by one ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a slasher for standard teenagers that really has nothing to do with it. The screenplay by Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (not too many horror films written by women ...) has a surprisingly good character and elegant dialogues, but while it is much better than a lot of modern shots on a type of horror video camera in this respect is so slow and boring that even some interesting characters can't get close to saving it. As you would expect all the usual cliches of teen slasher to be used, from the isolated place where the victims can't escape, the cast of good-looking teenagers who continue to divide, some murders and a really bad ending that tries to imitate something like Scream (1996) and being surprising, but it doesn't make much sense when you think about it logically (they couldn't have done some of the things they should have done) and to make things even worse I guessed who the killer was soon enough and even if not I want to boast that I was perfect. Then there is the fact that the creators of The Choke felt that the audience would be entertained by showing an infinite number (well, it seems endless as you watch it) scenes of teenagers running around dark corridors without doing anything in particular, I'm sorry but there are so many scenes like this that I can take before it starts to get boring. The number of killings is low, at first everyone decides to stay together (good idea) but then they all decide randomly to separate and go separately (bad idea when there is a killer in freedom), the rhythm is lethargic, the killing scenes are unimaginative and at the end of the finish the ending is poor. <br /> <br /> The director Mas does well, the film looks OK for the most part although there are the strange occasions when he uses an annoying post production editing technique like slow motion or frame skipping. The levels of gore are not really up to par, there are some splashes of blood, a boy with a hole in his chest, some corpses and someone impaled on some metal poles. Most killings take place on the ax screen that eventually kills a good example of the movie that actually shows nothing. Since the film is about a rock band, there is a rock-oriented soundtrack with some horrible and horrible rock songs. I'm sorry for rock fans, but to my ears this crap is just noise pollution. It is not scary, there is no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and blood is unforgivable when the rest of the film is so ugly. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of around $ 1,000,000 The Choke is well done with reasonable production values, it seems cheap to be sure, but not as cheap as many low budget horror movies seem. Shot in a place called Spokane in Washington apparently. Acting is one of the strongest points in the film as it is generally quite good all round, I mean that nobody will win an Oscar, but it's not bad at all. <br /> <br /> The Choke is an unbroken routine. Glimpse of teenagers screaming that has one of the weakest endings of all time and a criminal lack of blood, cold blood, violence, nakedness and corpses. I mean if a slasher has no sex or blood, then what's the point? Those are the only things worth watching for the average slasher, right?
