"Carriers" follows the exploits of two boys and two girls in a Mercedes stolen with the words "road warrior" on the bonnet that climbed along the highway to the beach with surfboards tied to the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine of "Star Trek") is driving and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has shotgun, while Brian's younger brother, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friend - not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp of "The Ring 2") occupies the back seat. This quartet of twenty-year-olds is experiencing a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic - which the co-directors and co-writers Alex Pastor and David Pastor do not tell us at all - has devastated America. Of course, the lack of exposure is reduced by at least fifteen minutes that would have slowed this cynical melodrama on the way humans degenerate into a crisis and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This deadly virus gives you the tiles and then you bleed and die. Almost everyone runs around wearing those white masks tied to the nose and mouth by a thin elastic. Initially, this quartet meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Runaway Bride"), and his gracious little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the Lost") who blocks the highway with their SUV. Brian swerves around Frank when he tries to block them, but in the meantime the oil sump in their Mercedes breaks and ends on foot. Reluctantly, they make a pass with Frank after sealing Jodie on the back of the SUV. He wears a mask on his nose and mouth and is stained with blood. Frank has heard that the doctors are treating sick people in a hospital and they go to it. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor is giving the last couple of Kool-Aid children who will put them out of their misery. The cure did not improve their condition. All the others in the city are dead. Kate unsuccessfully tries to get a dial tone on every phone. Frank understands that there is no hope for his daughter and lets the heroic quartet take over his SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> In fact, "Carriers" qualifies as an implacably depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who degenerate into murderous murders to protect themselves. They reach a country club and have fun on a golf course until four others come in overalls and masks with shotguns. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian is afraid when he almost falls into the water with a floating corpse. Eventually, they discover that one of them has been infected. Later, as the gas runs out, Brian blocks the highway like Frank did in the beginning. Danny tries to stop a couple of old Christian women driving the car. Danny mentions that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and needs their help. Brian throws caution to the wind and blows the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian takes a snail in the passenger's leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a movie of beer and pizza with which to laugh or laugh, because humor is practically non-existent. At the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have turned into villains who care only about themselves and their situation. Chris Pine makes an impression as much as fun-loving Brian and his energetic performance is the only reason to stick with this hokum, while the only other famous actress, Piper Perabo, is relegated to an insignificant girlfriend role. Like Bobby, he makes the mistake of showing compassion for a dying child tragic and pays a terrible price. It is a testament to Pine's performance that can change her character to the front of others. Essentially, Pine has the only role that gives him the chance to pull an eighty-year-old from a carefree boy to a heartless boy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers and have never left their mark. Since there is no prominence in sight, the "vectors" sink into predictability. "Irréversible" film director Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with his widescreen lens and as unpleasant as this road trip becomes, Debie makes it look like a dynamic film. Apart from the lack of a happy ending or closure in any sense of the word, "Carriers" suffers because it is so horribly cynical. The scene in which the German shepherd attacks Danny evokes the greatest suspense, but it could also be improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers do not scare much tension or suspense. In the end, you really don't care what happens to anyone.
