Towards the end of the 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated by the output of his company, Disney stirred, deserted Mouse House to form his studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds up well until today. This was followed by AN American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both made under the commercial success of Steven Spielberg. Although neither of these two films has had the dark appeal of NIMH adults, they are still very fascinating and fun features for both children and adults. But before long, Don Bluth had his first major bonfire with ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN; the critics were particularly hard on this film, and things were not helped by the fact that it was opened together with Disney THE LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Considering that the film has such a friendly title, one would expect ALL dogs to go to heaven to be pleasant family dishes. Instead, Bluth provides a surprisingly dark story that involves gambling, deception, crime, abuse and murder. This is not a problem for an animated feature, but it does question the fact that the film is for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults will find much to appreciate in ALL DOGS GOING TO THE SKY. In short, it is a film with a serious identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Set in a grim New Orleans dump, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a rough German shepherd, is run on a machine courtesy of his former casino buddy, an ugly steaming pitbull , Carface. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in heaven, albeit by default. Here a whippet angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and kind". This line represents the confused nature of the film, since the dogs of the film, apart from the whippet, are presented as anything but. <br /> <br /> After realizing he was murdered, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and plots to get even with Carface. With the reluctant help of his friend dachshund Itchy, Charlie "saves" the prize of Carface, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win the rat races). Charlie says he will help the little girl find her a family, but in reality he is using his skills to win fortunes in the race so he can build a more elaborate casino to bring Carface to ruin. Even if he refuses to admit it, Charlie grows to love AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of history is not as problematic as execution. Apart from the human girl AnneMarie and a flamboyant musical alligator that appears at about three quarters (with the vocal strings of Ken Page), none of the other characters emerges as sympathetic, or frankly, worth treating. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; in an attempt to make him an antihero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) manages to make the character TOO unlovable. As such, the public does not feel empathy for Charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the film does not prove convincing. (Even more detrimental to the character is the disappointing unmistakable vocal performance of Burt Reynolds.) In addition to the lack of an engaging guide, the other problem with the film is in the structure of the story. The plot slowly jumps everywhere and makes the habit of launching extra scenes that have no purpose other than to complete the running time of the movie. The aforementioned musical alligator (which resides in a soggy sewer infested with native rats) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, as well as a scene in which Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie by feeding a bunch of pastel-colored pups. The whole script looks like a rough first draft; a little more shine could have made this story more compelling and engaging. <br /> <br /> Things are not helped by the mediocre musical numbers of Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (the song by AnneMarie and the ballad of the gator are the only good ones, the latter in particular benefits from the mellifluous voice of Ken Page) or the uneven cast of voice. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds' stiff and lifeless Charlie takes his already unpredictable character even further (the only exception is a burning confession to Itchy about his true intentions towards the end). Dom DeLuise as Ity is pretty good, but he had better roles, in particular Tiger in an American TAIL and Jeremy in THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is fantastic in everything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is at most insignificant. Likewise, Loni Anderson (like a collie that had once spawned a litter with Charlie) is wasted, Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that turns out to be truly memorable, in part because her character is the only legitimately sympathetic in this depressing and joyless show. <br /> <br /> Be apart, the only real positive about ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN is animation. Technically, this film has some of the most imaginative images of Bluth's team (by the standards of the 80s in particular), in particular a terrifying scene in which Charlie has a nightmare of ending up in a fiery underground world ruled by a giant demon Satanic. If anything, the film is more a triumph of animation than of narration. <br /> <br /> Overall, however, I cannot recommend ALL DOGS GOING TO THE SKY as good entertainment. Although I recognize that the film has its fans and the climax provides admit some energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's best efforts. Animation enthusiasts will be amazed by the artistic mastery, but when it is over, ALL DOGS GO TO PARADISE may very well leave a bitter taste in their mouth.
