I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I'm still thinking about this for a long time, completely seven minutes after the launch of the credits. What is really confusing in my neurons is the attempt to probe the relevance to the plot of the nakedness of the girl who caresses her fat and slimy body, made super-sticky by the fact of being shot on cheap videos. This happens three times and I was sure it would be explained at the end. I put my trust in the directors that this filthy attempt to attract viewers would be justified. It wasn't. <br /> <br /> The film must be the most apathetic I've ever seen in the genre. The sets look like a cross between a 1970s Dr Who and someone's malformed idea of ​​a sponge-painted living room. The lighting is unimaginative (if your sets are so bad, at least you will film them in semi-darkness to hide the plasterboard and create some atmosphere). Of the kidnapped quartet, the girl stands out for being particularly lame, but none of them is given a personality. The aliens' plans for world domination are simply silly: all they need is a birth control pill and their problems are solved. Most of the film is made up of people running in the corridors. Yes, it's really exciting. The special effect of the "ray gun" is ... curious, to say the least (what good is a weapon that uses a concentrated 15-second explosion to kill, and even then the guy comes back for more?). The script is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and women's hairstyles come from the same era, so they look like school teachers instead of an advanced team of invading murderous aliens. When we finally see what the aliens really are, they are in suspended animation and never leave their boxes. The resolution of the story - alien traitor simply has a few words with the commander of the invading fleet and without thinking twice go home - it's really the sign of a writer who has never had a more complex idea of ​​a Saturday morning cartoon (I mean the bad ones without plot, action or characterization) in his life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what's with the naked girl ?! Was this really how they could justify putting the DVD cover into shape to increase sales?
