Noel Coward, a witty and civilized man, was a friend of Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Coward, a longtime admirer of all that was naval, was commissioned to write a story based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship. In a particularly British way, it was considered that a film about the Royal Navy losing a meeting at sea would be good propaganda. It was also considered a good idea for Mr. Coward to act as the captain of the ship. Among the many qualities needed to command a battleship, the ability to speak in a very broken voice and sing sophisticated "point" songs does not come very high on the list of Admiralty House, or at least hopefully. A captain must earn and maintain respect for the square and the lower level in the same way. Mr Coward would have had the respect of the gentlemen of the choir on Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont could have been terrified of him, but his ability to tame, shape and direct a crew of a ship in time of war must be questioned. He languidly folds himself around the bridge, under the patronage of the other ranks and the order to bark at the officers, he just needed a silk robe and a cigarette case to look at home. Much is made of the theme of the "warship as a microcosm of the British Society", and the crew largely includes the usual cockney, weak northern ones etc. Without which no war can be fought. They spend most of their time smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw and blowing themselves up. It doesn't matter, there is a lot more to where they came from. Once on shore, they go directly to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, complaining about Lord Haw Haw and blowing up. By contrast, Mr. Coward lives in a dream cottage with a rose, a covered door somewhere very quiet with very little chance of being blown up. His wife and two cherubs with rosy cheeks converse in ridiculously twisted tones and say that his wife spends much of her time knitting for the unfortunate poor who understand her crew and to whom she refers with their surnames. That handsome young master Johnny Mills has a leading role as an absolutely incredible type of lower deck that adores Mr Coward in the same way that a whipped dog will adore his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, presumably based on the fact that she may be pregnant after such a passion. So yes, we have a microcosm of British society here, but perhaps not in the way the producers we "serve" meant. In the end Mr. Coward has a last chance to patronize his men while the few survivors drag themselves beside him, "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you", he said as if he were reciting "Like now the brown cow" . It may have been David Lean's film debut, but Noel Coward's hand hangs over this whole picture. He was a funny and intelligent man, better suited to write doggy-style plays on poor girls and rich boys interspersed with occasional ironic songs. He had a talent for fun, no doubt, but he could neither write nor speak a convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he didn't have time to be a real person.
