Cecla B. deMille from 1922, a living room prison tear, Manslaughter, finds the beautiful Leatrice Joy as a decent and good young woman with more money than she can do. His imprudence leads to confinement, which in turn leads to his regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the district crusader prosecutor who made his personal crusade to bring out the goodness and healthiness of Lydia (Joy) but is misled by alcohol and once released, it is up to her to save it! <Br /> <br /> If the plot doesn't sound too bad, you'll be paved by the painful presentation. The quality of deMille's management is very low and does not show any particular ability that is unique to him. Photography is standard and flat and editing is hardly more dynamic. You could easily classify it as a fashion show and be pretty correct. DeMille will dress Miss Joy in many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf costumes, car costumes, fur coats) that the subtitle could be "The fashions of 1922" <br /> <br /> A more disappointing thing than to photography or editing or direction is acting, which is mostly flat and made of wood. When it is not, it is simply a matter of silent routine gestures, of rolling eye balls, eyebrows and deliberate pointing movements and arms. What would have been cheered for modern viewers by assaults and chewing scenes of some of the worst silent films, is here simply boring to watch. The only member of the cast who succeeds in any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but is able to play her role in a natural way. It is convincing and captivating in tearful close-ups, as long as it does not read the moralizing title card that follows once it opens its mouth to speak. As I said, all the others are drastically routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. His performance here is a good argument that he never achieved true celebrity. <br /> <br /> The worst and most enjoyable part of this film is the heavy moralistic tone that transpires all this. The character of Meighan has many subtitles in which he continues to talk about how the American youth declines in his moral position and returns to the decadence of Rome. (insert absurd flashback) The moralization of this film has been described as Victorian, but it is beyond that. In fact, I made so little sense that I felt that the audience at that time didn't take it more seriously than modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the unconscious tends to think of as a "typical" silent film, with its archaic moral structure, wooden acting and bad direction. DeMille demonstrates that he could be a terrible director, with no sense of stimulation, camera positioning or ability to manage scripts or actors. I can't imagine anyone in their right mind taking it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic, I recommend it to dumb fuckers like me.
