All day I watched the dinosaurs and they had the same fundamental problem all day. <br /> <br /> They don't believe in firearms. They just don't seem to have talked about them or something. Bullets disappear from the dinosaurs! Maybe it's because they became extinct millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were just different then ... Aah, no. Come on. If they are close enough to operate chemically today, they should be vulnerable to fast (even subsonic) lead bullets. It's that simple. <br /> <br /> Look, the toughest reptiles on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to the basic fire of the rifle. I'm nothing magical. You can fire a gun through the heavy scales on your back. They don't take armor-piercing bullets or anything special. The small bullets penetrate them, they simply don't kill them. A little (but not REALLY) larger bullets are preferred because the challenge (as with most games) is to kill the animal with one shot, so it doesn't work. (Hunters consider it immoral to allow the prey to escape and die without being forced). <br /> <br /> Most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by gunfire. Between the noise and the pain of a non-lethal wound, most will escape. An exception are the big bears, who are so fearless that they are simply infuriated by mortal wounds. Cape buffaloes are considered very dangerous because they are known to be loaded when injured. We saw the video of the great bulls of a herd of buffaloes that saves a calf from a whole pack of lions. A big cat will run if it can, but if it can't, it will charge as a final act of despair. Where a T.Rex adapts to this spectrum is unknown. Their behavior simply was not observed. With these larger animals, hunting safely becomes a matter of applying a sufficiently large and powerful projectile, and / or applying some of them quickly enough to counteract its charge. With a T.Rex, obviously, this could be a serious problem. I saw a skull of T.Rex (they have one in the museum in the center) and with a gun big enough to break it that might not be practical. Chewing your neck with a smaller bag of fire could be a more viable approach. The small bullets would continue to compress them, they wouldn't bounce just because the animal is too big to kill easily! <br /> <br /> So here we have Cortez and his men (this is before the famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by Native Americans and scheduled for sacrifice on the pyramid. It seems that all those human sacrifices were about satisfying the bloodlust of the T.Rex couple that terrorized the continent during the day. Instead of just cutting hearts and being fed by lizards, Cortez and others talk to the Aztecs making them hunt and kill. OK, maybe they don't have the M-16s like the guys from the "Carnosaur" series, but they have shoddy, crossbows, sharp sticks (big, made of trees) and swords. Perhaps it is a little less uneven than teams of soldiers with full cars, but they have several boys and I would bet on them quickly on a dinosaur. Oh, wait, there's a _cannon_, on a 4-inch. This is just the ticket to smash the tyrannosaurus's skull! Then they set a trap, with a team of men, cannons, pointed sticks in a ravine, and draw the first T.Rex in, using a beautiful brown girl as a bait. Cortez points out that they will not have time to recharge, so they will have to close the beam until they are certain of their goal. T.Rex totally ignores their flint fire burst, and we see both a crossbow arrow and the cannonball that shoots! Forget about it. End of credibility. A crossbow harpoon would defeat the armor of Cortez's trunk, and a 4 "cannonball could have penetrated the hull of a wooden ship! This would also have had to cross the skin, rib cage or skull of any animal that he would ever walk on this planet. Do you think a whale can withstand a 4-inch cannonball? , which (I guess by magic) penetrate it and kill it Yaaay, pointy sticks! <br /> <br /> Dinosaurs are not completely invulnerable to gunfire: they can distinguish the second with a gun. petty like a bear or a buffalo, at least in the movies. <br /> <br /> They kill the second dinosaur with a bomb made from a pumpkin full of gunpowder and precious stones. My money would still be on the cannon. engineered function is to concentrate all the energy of gunpowder in one direction: towards the objective. A bomb is a much more widespread application of strength. A _real_ bomb (NOT a pumpkin bomb) has a steel casing that contains the explosion at extremely high pressure. (Think: pipe bomb vs firecracker.) A pile of burned gunpowder will simply go to POOF. (Trust me on that.)
