The tyrannosaurus Azteca is set in the sixteenth century, when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), who intend to claim the land in the name of the Spaniards and maybe steal some gold even if the opportunity presents itself. Within minutes they have their first sight of the local Aztec savages, a few minutes after Cortes and his men are captured and held captive. If this is not serious enough, it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex live there and like to eat the locals, in an attempt to win their lives the Spanish offer to help the locals get rid of their monstrous problem, but with various hidden programs and additional reasons are not just the dinosaurs they have to watch out for ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, coincidentally, made one of my favorite exploitation films of all time Turkey TUROT (1982) that I highly recommend to everyone and even more commonly under the title of spectral Aztec Rex (the title was modified by the Sci-Fi channel when it aired perhaps as the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it could be a foreign film ) this is yet another idiotic and cheap Sci-Fi Channel "Creature Feature" and this is all you really need to know based on & around the real Spanish Conquistador Cortes during his expedition in Mess ico, the film certainly does not aim at historical precision, although I will admit that the story tries to do something slightly different here, but in the end the tyrannosaurus Azteca is still just a "creature" with a group of people running away from some poor graphics in computer graphics of a monster despite the period settings. I'm not sure what else I can say, despite the fact that centuries ago the usual clichés are here, the characters are the usual cardboard cutouts, they make stupid decisions and the egoist, the heroic, the backstabbed, the victim without face that exists only to be eaten and the beautiful woman are all here and easy to spot. The film is predictable, silly, boring and does not really entertain at any level, even if it moves at a decent pace and there are one or two moments of almost decent gore if this kind of thing interests you. The story is not good and it also has a lot of holes, this is also the kind of movie you will have completely forgotten about in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I have seen and commented a lot on the Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually the effects of the computer in CGI are terrible and while the Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not weigh down the trend, I will admit that there are some shots of effects that look good but then they are usually ruined by absolutely terrible effects shot immediately afterwards. Here too there are some decent deleterious effects, there is a heart cut, a boy's leg is bitten, there are splashes of blood, a nice blow from a guy left with his own intestine after being attacked by the dinosaur, there some are dead bodies seen and someone is stabbed with a spear. The T-Rex also eats a couple of people. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of those theme parks made with Styrofoam and those Spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst enclosure of film history with the fence presumably keeping them lower than a living man , he could just get out and run away he was so low. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of around $ 900,000 I can't see where the money went, shot on O'ahu in Hawaii in apparently fifteen days. Acting is not exceptional from anyone I've ever heard of. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is actually no better than any other cheap Sci-Fi Channel "Creature Feature", despite being almost interesting and unusual. Let's say that the basic statement should be enough for you to decide whether you will like it or not (probably not supposed to).
