EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, that's not what I expected. This is an Australian film with no budget, no special effects in addition to the accelerated film and rapid cuts. The female alien (who arrives immediately able to speak perfectly Australian accented) can "slam" from one place to another or from time to time and alter her perception of the flow of time to match "faster" humans. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters of a story told by a wandering man 40 years before, when an unnamed "She" came to the planet naked and completely disoriented, unable to recognize which star in the sky come from ... Meet a man alone on a camping trip in the Australian Outback, apparently bewildering. She's here by "mistake" and gets angry when told she's on Earth. Earthlings are known as consumed environmental pushers and a metaphor for the most offensive imaginable for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe the crazy air" but do nothing about it, hiding their heads in the sand like an ostrich . In another amusing metaphor, the earthlings are "frogs". From there, it is entirely a film about dialogue, while the perplexed man tries to understand his peculiar psychology and points of view, even if she calls him not intelligent and "characteristic". Man begins to realize that perhaps they are humans who are irrational and do not think directly. Yet, while waiting to be "teleported" home, he sees that this human is not entirely defective in his way of thinking and falls in love with him too. <br /> <br /> The dialogue on the perspectives is in interesting points, but it is all stratified with an ambiguous environmental message and a low-budget sentiment (there are only two main actors, who move around various deserted scenes, and the evil humans who destroy the planet are never seen). The environmental message does not offer solutions, but paints one or two terrible metaphors about what will happen to nature and to man if something is not done. Even the logic does not stop: the rest of the universe has "surrendered" to Earth, yet a space woman caught on Earth by mistake manages to produce some positive changes since the conclusion of the film. What could a battalion of aliens do, deliberately sent here against pollution and waste?
