This is one of those films on which the British Lottery Fund wastes its money. The main problem is a rambling script that leads nowhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only interesting thing is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). Having only a superficial knowledge of Genoa, I had no idea of ​​the complicated alleys of its historic center and that the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I am happy to say that I have been denied. So from the point of view of travel, this film has an interest. The film contains a wonderful interpretation of a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. He has already made seven films despite being only 12 years old, so he seems determined to have a career as an actress and, judging by his performance in this film, he should go far, since it is natural and has a great talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was available for filming and, when asked to be serious, he was serious and, when asked to be distressed, he was distressed. But someone forgot to give him some useful dialogue. The script is a real mess. Catherine Keener does exceptionally well in a support role, and showing sympathy comes naturally, so that everyone would like to have her around (I'd like to tell her whenever I feel a cold coming, because I know she'll take me a relaxing hot drink). So we have it: the charming alleys of Genoa, an interesting little girl and an understanding woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress does a good job of repellent is not exactly the kind of tribute she would like to hear, I suspect. The idea that this family went to Genoa to forget their mother's unfortunate death is so trivial that if we have another film of this kind, all dead mothers have the right to complain about being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old portion of Genoa was, why didn't he go to the BBC and said he wanted to make a travel movie with some irreverent celebrities? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing but a vain project of idle and tortuous emptiness?
