I've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes her last album before her death, that album, if not her best, is generally somewhat prolific and worthy of at least a listen. The album is generally good enough to cement a legacy. However, when it comes to comedians, especially traditional comics acting in their own vehicles, their final film is usually terrible. John Belushi had "Neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers" and Rodney Dangerfield had this film. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight", although it may not have been Dangerfield's last film, is weak in every sense. He cashed out the shootings in 2002 according to this site, and it is safe to say that he would have remained on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was in my early teens, and I'm sorry to see how bad this movie is. <br /> <br /> What amazes me most is that a number of other talented people start a movie with a very weak premise to begin with. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his comic character in film, is a prison warden who hosts a group of close-knit prisoners. When the prison owner, Colonel Tom-Parker meets billionaire Sam Walton Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts the funds for the prison, the director sends a group of inmates to escape prison, steal Rockwood's convenience stores from consumer goods, and break up in prison with loot. Taking what's in the shops, I'm (I assume) taking what they believe Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this inconsistent premise, the film often splatters and stops. Furthermore, the jokes that you think may be the salvation of this film are not even remotely amusing, not even by Mr. No Respect. This is also incredibly disappointing, because you would expect a film with Randy Quaid (!!!) Oscar nominee, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith and others at least a little funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character that we have seen before in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with a tremendous British accent (this film could not afford a real English !!!), and every joke was poorly prepared and poorly programmed practically by every member of this ensemble. It was not a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated R mainly for language (and a nude scene). The irony in this fact is that many of the jokes are so offensive to the public that even children (if you change the language) would come out of this movie. Physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's animation monkey torments Quaid's character. When the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who wouldn't know where that gag is going? <br /> <br /> Being a comedy directed at video, I obviously didn't expect winning material at the Oscars here. The truth is that Dangerfield has already made some grandiose and timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back To School" are still hilarious, and were by no means worthy of an Oscar. However, there is a difference between making a stupid play that is fun and making a stupid play. With this last type of comedy, it seems that the filmmakers don't even try it, which is exactly the case with this inconvenient excuse for 90 minutes wasted. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this film to your group of forgotten comedies like "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). I dare say this film is not even worth seeing.
