I am uncertain about what to do with this 2007 drama. By trying to be a hybrid hybrid of the new millennium between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides, this film ends up being an erratic mess that changes so beautifully between comedy and melodrama that the emotional tone always seems to be off. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental direction of Garry Marshall and the rather confused dark screenplay by Mark Andrus. The story focuses on the revealing relationship between mother Lilly and daughter Rachel, who drove from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where her grandmother Georgia lives. The idea is that Lilly leaves Rachel for the summer under the jurisdiction of the Georgia taskmaster full of draconian rules since the 17-year-old young man became an incorrigible hell. <br /> <br /> The set-up is quite clear, but the characters are made to move quickly and often inexplicably between nice and squeaky to adapt to the artificial contours of the plot. It runs haphazardly through problems with alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until it is resolved in its pat resolution. The three actresses at the center redeem some of the dramatic convolutions, but at various levels. Probably due to his out-of-field reputation and his irritable smoker's voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable, although she becomes less credible as her character reveals psychological wounds that give reason to her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly with two strident notes - like a petulant, resentful daughter of a mother who has never been close to her and like an angry and alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her responsibility in her daughter's mental state. He does what he can with the role on both fronts, but his efforts are never added to a human being in the flesh. <br /> <br /> At almost seventy years, Jane Fonda looks great, although meteorologically beaten as she is here, and has the presence of stars to get away with the size of the wild Georgia cartoon. The problem I have with the casting of Fonda is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of one-liners and maternal looks. Between this and the execrable Monster-in-Law of 2005, one wonders if his best work is behind her. It should not be surprising that the male counterparts of the actresses are completely obscured. Garrett Hedlund seems a bit too surfer-dude as the naive Harlan, a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two years of missionary experience. Cary Elwes plays a familiar suspect like Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case in which the predictable cast seems to be telegraphing the film's ending. <br /> <br /> There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the triple-playful role of the widowed wounded, former flame of Lilly and new head of Rachel as city veterinarian, Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf has just a role in Simon's sister, Paula, while the regular Marshall Hector Elizondo and songwriter Paul Williams appear in cameos. Some of Andrus's dialogues are simply horrible and the flickering seriocomico tone never adapts to anything that seems right. There are many little extras with the 2007 DVD, none too exciting. Marshall provides a trace of comments that has an abundance of laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations on the ending and a gag coil. A seven-minute featurette is included, as is the original theatrical trailer, a six-minute short that highlights the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
