The zombie revolt begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his partner Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and make them under his control by transforming them in mindless zombies (a bit like the people I really work with). However, Tsiang is assassinated by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy) but he can't get the knowledge to turn people into zombies. General Duval organized an expedition to look for the secret, as Tsiang has no intention of telling him much. General Duval directs the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) who is engaged to Louque who also arrives. During the expedition Claire dismisses Louque for his partner Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) to whom Louque is not too happy. In a way that could only happen in a movie, Louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies by himself and starts using his new power to take revenge on Claire & Clifford ... Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombies have a bad reputation and after seeing them I can understand why. The screenplay by Halperin, Howard Higgin and Rollo Lloyd all unaccredited, has a good central idea, but is killed like a cold dead stone being boring and exciting like looking at dry paint. Nothing happens a lot for years and then nothing happens afterwards. How Halperin paints his zombies is different from what the more modern public would consider a zombie, these zombies are just people who have been brainwashed and the public should wait more than thirty years before George A. Romero defines what one Zombies is now thought of as in The Night of the Living Dead (1968). At only about an hour long, Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long. Technically the film is OK considering that it was made 70 years ago, black and white photography is adequate even if some scenes seem to have been taken against a photo of the position of the background. The acting is wooden and largely insignificant. The zombie revolt may have been stuff from 1936, but it's not dated well and in 2005 it's an absurd task to sit down. I think the film is now in the public domain, since it contains many cheap DVD compilations and cheap labels, but it's not worth looking at, no matter how cheap it is.
