This is not really a zombie movie, if we are defining zombies as the dead walking around. Here the protagonist, Armand Louque (played by an incredibly young Dean Jagger), gains control of a method to create zombies, even if in reality his "method" is to mentally project his thoughts and control the minds of other living transforming them in hypnotized slaves. This is an interesting concept for a film, and was done much more effectively by Fritz Lang in his "Dr. I Mabuse movies, including" Dr. Mabuse the Gambler '(1922) and' The Testament of Dr. Mabuse '(1933). Here he is unfortunately subordinated to his quest to regain the love of his ex-girlfriend, Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche with a bad hairdo, Dorothy Stone) which is really the main theme. <br /> <br /> The film has an intriguing start, as Louque is sent on an archaeological military expedition to Cambodia to end the cult of the zombies that came from there. To a certain type of compound (where we get excellent 30s sets and clothes) he announces his engagement with Claire, and after just five minutes, she returns his ring declaring his love for his friend, Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland) . The way they talk to each other without eye contact is unintentionally funny. This would have been a great movie for "Mystery Science Theater 3000", if they hadn't already roasted it. <br /> <br /> It is never shown how Louque learns the secret of "zombification", but then uses it to kill his enemies, he creates a giant army of rifles carrying soldiers and bodyguards. We will not see such willpower until John Agar in "The Brain From Planet Arous" (1957). Finally, Claire agrees to marry him if he lets Greyson live and returns to America. Louque agrees, but actually turns it into one of his hypnotized slaves. On their first wedding night he realizes that Claire will begin to love him only if he renounces his "powers". To get his love, he does so, causing the "revolt" of the title, in which all his slaves wake up and attack his fence and kill him. Greyson embraces Claire and it seems that we are at the end of a parable: "Whom the gods would destroy, they would go mad first." <br /> <br /> So really, it's not so bad in a movie, despite the low rating of IMDb that it currently has. In repeated views (?) You can see the art in the well-made script! Dean Jagger had yet to turn into a good actor, and is almost unrecognizable in his youth - are they really his hair? We remember him more for his bald roles, old men in "White Christmas" (1954), "X The Unknown" (1956) and "King Creole" (1958). The story borrows many of its basic themes from the Halperin brothers better, previously 'White Zombie' (1932) in which unfortunate Robert Frazier (as Charles Beaumont) uses 'zombification' to win the love of Madge Bellamy (as Madeline Parker). <br /> <br /> If you want real zombie movies (there are hundreds of them!) I'd start with 'White Zombie' (1932), 'King of the Zombies' (1941),' I Walked with a Zombie '(1943),' Night of the Living Dead '(1968),' The Last Man on Earth '(1964) and its two remakes. In the modern era of classy films there are "Horror Express" (1972), "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1988), "28 Days Later" (2002) and its sequel, as well as many, many, even others numerous to mention. <br /> <br /> This is not really a zombie movie. Judging this film on its own terms is more than a semi-Gothic love story. As such, it ranks a bit below some of Universal's most famous horror films B in the late 1930s and early 1940s. So I will give a 5.
