Well, first of all, if you're checking Revolt of the Zombies as a movie of The Night of the Dead (1968), forget it. It is "zombies" in a more psychological sense, where that term simply indicates someone who has no control over his own will, but instead must follow the will of another. The "zombies" here, as they are in the film, are largely metaphors of submission to the state or authority in general, as in times of war. The film is set during the First World War. A "French Cambodian" contingent had heard strange stories about zombification - Angkor Wat is supposed to have been built using zombies - and there are stories of armies of zombies that easily overcome enemies. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) reports a priest who presumably knows the secret of zombification, but will not speak. Then Louque and an international military contingent head to Angkor Wat in an archaeological expedition designed to uncover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before the zombies have a chance to "wipe out the white race". <br /> <br /> One of these is the quirks of Revolt of the Zombies that it seems that maybe writer / director Victor Halperin decided to change his game plan while shooting the script. The film begins as if exploring the zombie / military metaphor, and perhaps even had elements of adventure, but after about 15 minutes, it changes gear and becomes more of a love triangle story. <br /> <br /> Halperin attacks with a subtext on will and power (and a Nietzschean "will to power"). The film is interesting at that level, but the script and editing are very discontinuous. This is another older film for which I would not be surprised if the movie were missing, especially since some scenes are even faded or cut while a character is speaking the dialogue. <br /> <br /> Amidst the invented love story, Halperin tries to continue referring to the zombie thread, but little of the zombie material makes much sense. Louque discovers the secret of zombification, but it doesn't mean much to the viewer. Is the mechanics of the zombie material vague and confusing? Halperin even uses the superimposed footage of the fake eyes of Bela Lugosi from his 1932 film, White Zombie, but never explains what it has to do with something. There are big gaps in the plot, including the love story. The promising and interesting characters of the first reels disappear for long periods of time. A bad potential is eliminated without much ceremony before he can do much. <br /> <br /> If you are a big fan of old, creaky B films, Revolt of the Zombies might be worth watching at least once - acting is not so bad, and if you have a good imagination, you can put together an interesting story in your mind to fill all the gaps. But this is the second time I've seen the movie, with the first one being around five years ago, and I could barely remember anything, so it's not exactly memorable.
