Although the title includes the word "zombi", this film is not what one would expect from a film made today, although by 1936 the concept was reproduced as it would probably be expected. Dean Jagger plays Armand Louque, an officer in the French army of World War I, who came across an ancient tale of soldiers turned into automatons, or "zombies", who are inaccessible in battle and can have the key to victory in war, even if from the side it is not certain. At first he finds it difficult to convince his superiors of this phenomenon, but in the end the French general Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition in the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story takes place against the backdrop of a love triangle involving Louque, the daughter of Duval, Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all part of the expedition. When Louque complains about his lack of strength and resolve, Grayson offers him advice to go after what he wants in life with all his power. That advice begins to transform Louque, particularly after it has succeeded in obtaining a stone tablet similar to a photo of the ancient city. After following a temple priest in a swamp, Louque now seems to keep the secret he was looking for, although it is not clear how he was able to master the power of "zombie". Just place your right fist on your forehead simulating a third eye and projecting your thoughts on those you wish to control. This is useful for winning back his girlfriend, and taking Grayson's first advice as he comments on his servant, "Buna, we are learning to be ruthless". <br /> <br /> Fans of the first horror films "B" will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's gaze, taken from the 1932 film "White Zombie", also directed by Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is preferably superior, both in the content of the story and in the depiction of the undead, where the zombies look more sinister and are more threatening. In "Revolt", zombies are enemy soldiers with a saturated gaze who simply react to the commands of their mentor. In reality, the true revolt of the title occurs only when Louque releases the soldiers from his mental command in accordance with his love for Claire; they pass his fence and kill him in the process. <br /> <br /> In order not to be too strict in the film, you play decently within the parameters of your scheme, but if you're thinking "zombies !!!" in the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed. If you want to try an early treatment of the subject, the aforementioned "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
