Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first sequel to Darkman. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2, and it's nothing special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer a main villain, who is now played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character once again wants to get Darkman's work and create ultra-strong humans this time to get the leadership of the whole city. The film is pretty much the same in Darkman 2's plot and execution, but I was mostly irritated by the presence of many Darkman 2 scenes. These sequels were made in a short time and with little money, so this kind of decision had to be done. A couple of scenes are rather elegant and exciting, but this is a rather tired and often irritatingly stupid film. The characters scream and laugh too much and it's very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2 that still cannot match. Darkman 2 had many fantastic scenes and elegant chamber work, and Larry Drake's ability to play a big villain. Darkman 3 offers only some scenes and pleasant moments, but above all this film is tired and full of clichés. The few positive things in this film are the flashback changes (Westlake's nightmares) and a couple of really amazing twists and turns. And it is worth mentioning also the scene of the rather ugly death of the main villain who was a nice and inventive comic book with no gore. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst of the whole series, and we must remember that these two sequels were made directly on video and do not even come close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was okay with fantastic scenes and suspense, but this last (?) Voice is a tired and often stupid and boring piece of sequel. It has some merits as mentioned, but the general feeling is that this should not have been done in the first place. May is a talented director so I hope he can get more noteworthy projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
