I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big action star at Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to some extent. He has had some great moments in his career, but he has also made bad choices and this is certainly one of them, even if he was made later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think they seriously thought they were doing a provocative and serious thriller? It shows in the way they describe it on IMDb, on the DVD case, in the comments and this film is not serious. To call it campy would be a huge euphemism. The film tries to be complex and intelligent when in reality it is nothing but superficial, confused and free. In addition, they put Lundgren, who is known for action films, in an attempt to play a serious role that makes it even more appealing because his range of actors is rather limited. Does the whole film revolve around the world of perverse sex yet try to turn it into a serious thriller? Only the plot and the premise immediately make a B-Movie Porn the best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the former disgraced cop and rages the alcoholic Matt Sorenson who decides to play Detective when his brother is murdered. I mean putting aside the many holes in the plot that allowed Lundgren to roam freely to investigate crime scenes, witnesses and everything else even if he is no longer a policeman and you still have a strange and rather poor performance of gloss by of Lundgren. Danielle Brett is the eventual love interest of Lundgren and the widow of her brother. Brett plays his role quite decently, considering the script and the history of campy. The supporting cast is huge and no one stands out particularly in his performances unless it is about negative aspects such as the horrible performance by Victor Pedtrchenko who seems to have many different names in the film, boasts a horrible accent and is really terrible I searched honestly to get into the mystery and into the movie and to watch it closely, but there was no reason why it was all a plot of ridiculous plot and free sexual games including an absolutely ridiculously hilarious scene where Lundgren goes indoors and gets put on his head down almost naked. To explain how this film is classy (sarcasm ... sarcasm) the back of the DVD I collected (it was really cheap) has the character of Lundgren listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in the film.) While somehow Lundgren manages to be usually watchable, the film falls on his face trying to be serious. Considering that director Anthony Hickox is famous for B-Movie Horror movies, it only makes sense if I think he was really trying to be serious. Hard core cult Lundgren fans will have to see it ... no one else should ... surely for any kind of mystery or suspense. 3/10
