This is one of those movies where people keep saying "This is a great idea!" on the worst ideas you've ever heard. So they act on them. I like it. This image is more fun than any 3 dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, so is SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira's films have cannibalized their stories of origin since the 1960s, but this goes further. What can you say about a culture that wants to rape its sacred cultural icons for a quick penny? This parody features a World War II suicide brigade on "the last of the Marshall Islands" that presents weapons to a dinosaur that chased the US Marines out. Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight to the last man, and instead abandon the territory annexed to them by this giant lizard. They retreat to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. <br /> <br /> Then it gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blond men of the future, irritable due to male baldness not yet treated, go back in time in a sort of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and a celebrity psychic for their help in eliminating Godzilla before it destroys Japan. The "help" is questionable, as all the citizens of 1992 do back in 1944 to watch closed-circuit TV, but, hey, they shot the script. You would think that in the 90s the Japanese knew better than to trust people in spaceships. Fortunately for Nippon, the white boys - we can say they are Americans because they say "nucyaler" - are mistaken bringing back the only Japanese girl left in the future. In a moving demonstration of ancestor worship, he lost the duplicity after wearing a flying dress made with an adhesive tape attached to a Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these time-worn and fashion-disabled Caucasians are simply jealous of the impending Japanese economic imperialist acquisition of the known world (Japan is about to buy Africa in the 22nd century, which sounds more like a responsibility than a resource) ). These blondes in padded chintz coveralls with non-functioning straps and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho has been known to do everything not to build that Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> In fact, we are offered the alternative show of Fukuoka ("my garden city")) and some other metropolitan areas so far free from the gum-monster have been devastated by a flying golden metal bow 1 / 3 of a hydra. In a surprise revelation, we are informed that King Ghidorah was created by some puppets left in the microwave for a long time. Godzilla also does his demolition part while the film stops. Wait, the spaceship blondes haven't already destroyed Godzilla? Yes, they killed him in the third reel. But no one expected the 1992 Japanese to have a secret submarine full of nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, don't worry, we don't keep it in Japanese waters" - with which to launch a new Godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur. Only they should not, because an old, leaking nuclear wreck has already made Godzilla whole again. Oh, and Godzilla finally arrives in Tokyo, reuniting with his old military friend in a moving and tearful moment. They look into each other's eyes and Godzilla nods as if to say "I have to do it, friend". The magnate nods in understanding. Then Godzilla makes it explode. <br /> <br /> I should also mention here that, to prevent the renewed Godzilla's self of God from fulfilling its destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl from the future returns to the future to ask for the help of - yes - a bald white man. Probably because he is as sorry as the only Asian character of the 21st century, he agrees to build a Mecha-Ghidora and send him back in the 1990s, so that these two giant monsters can, uh, fulfill Godzilla's fate and destroy Japan. In a marvelous nod to those notoriously stubborn lashing heads, the girl who is driving Mecha-Ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This dress from Godzilla owes a lot to Sumo - its thighs are flaccid enough to double for Rush Limbaugh's, and its belly and chest are thick and ponderous. But in this photo there is more Freemasonry exploding than in most of his adventures, which makes up for a lot. He also presents a man with a passing resemblance to Robert Patrick who plays a killer robot. Yes, robots will also have bald spots in the future. Also Megumi Odaka, taking up the role of Micki, the only Japanese girl ever born with ears bigger than her namesake Disney and an acting style even bigger than that. It's not his fault: many Japanese directors seem to believe that a seventy-meter screen is not big enough to show the emotion of a human face. I acted for Japanese television and I can tell you that they pushed you to do it. Apparently they invite their writers in the same way. Thanks God.
