Is there another time frame that has been covered so exhaustively by television (or the media in general) as in the 1960s? No. And do we really need another trip during that turbulent time? Not exactly. But if we have to have one, must it be as superficial as "The 60s"? I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than what eventually turned out, especially given Couturie's involvement in the superb HBO film "Dear America: Letters" Home From Vietnam "that used little original music and no original footage, letting the images and sounds of the time speak for themselves. This presentation intercepts the film with the dramatic production, but does no favors for anyone trying to do too much in a short time; like many others, it is seen from the point of view of a family, but the children of the family seem to be tangentially involved in almost all the major events of the 1960s (it is incredible that one of them does not participate in the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont) , making it less similar to a period drama and other as a version of the Cliff Note of the decade. <br /> <br /> The creators hurry so much that there is little or no time to give the characters any character, with stylized figures calling our protagonists off screen for years at a time - the father of children is above all a cliché - and then when they returned to BLAMMO! It's something else Garry Trudeau could teach the directors one or two things about how to do this kind of thing correctly. In all honesty, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to the old college, but they are wasted (especially the last two); It is undeniably beautiful to see David Alan Grier in a rare role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in a cameo not credited in part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is like "The 60s drown the soundtrack with so many vintage songs that eventually reduces its already minimal effect (and this could be the only time where an American television presentation on post-60s America never mentions the British invasion - no Beatles, no Rolling Stones ... then again, there are only so many songs that you can put on a soundtrack album, right? ) By limiting its superficial approach to time and plot with a happy ending almost out of place, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" have done much, much better. Nothing to see here you can't see anywhere else, people ... except for Julia Stiles who makes the turn, that is.
