The premise for Circle of Two is intriguing. A forbidden love between a sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable based on company standards. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it can't keep its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have reflected more on the script. When I saw this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I had boring dialogues, a useless lesson on art, exits in which Sarah seemed to have fun further from Ashleigh, and a closing scene so artificial that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors bad. So you can imagine how the problems of the film were further aggravated by the largely amateur cast that Jules Dassin has assembled. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. For a second I did not believe that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. His performance seemed superficial, like a contestant in a beauty contest. It was as if she forced herself to be happy, when the script required her to be happy and be sad, when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked was just when he didn't say anything. It was probably Sarah Norton, the closest Tatum, who became real. But Tatum wasn't the only one at fault. Ashleigh of Richard Burton lacked the charm, charisma and complexity to attract even women of his age, let alone a fifteen year old. The rest of the cast was also sad. Even their discussions were not convincing, because they waited to take turns. Who do it? Michael Wincott as ex jealous boyfriend Paul was probably the best thing about this movie, but his role was small. To be honest with the actors, Dassin's direction disappoints everyone; but it is also true that a great film goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Runaway Train went beyond the script with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing prisoners. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters they contain. Despite its own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never manages to do it. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an elderly painter and a teenager is good, but his execution in Circle of Two is terrible. In many ways, is it a pity that a controversial story, like Lolita ?? that most directors for understandable reasons would prefer to avoid ?? they have not received smarter treatment; that a script that the actors would have gladly tried was not written; those actors, who were busy on their part or had the talent to make their characters real, could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who has done much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) had no desire to put his foot down and say, "Before making any film, we need to rethink the love story and renew the script . "The only positive side is that one day an intelligent film about an elderly painter and a teenage girl who falls in love could one day be done. If such a film ever appears, this will surely spark controversy, debate and questions for many years to come.
