This is the question you need to ask yourself when you watch this movie "What was the point?" This film was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with completely unlikely people (he wouldn't use the word "actors") and a script that you could say didn't exist. <br /> <br /> One of the things that made me laugh the most about this movie: it was like "Victorian history written by", which means that in that part of the story there was actually a script. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue and was composed only of blows from a boy staring at a girl and vice versa. Make that part of the film as a script as a camera left in a train station. <br /> <br /> OK, it's time for the story. Start with a guy sitting on a chair that never comes out. Oh blocker, who needs you? These journalists come to his house and practically ask him to tell this story about these dead girls. Thus begins the story in the Victorian era. and here's how the scene goes (the boy and the girl are in a field, a nice music starts playing) (the boy stares at the girl) (the girl stares at the boy) (the boy stares at the girl) cut to the film. This is pretty much all that happens for about half the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is an incredibly embarrassing dialogue about a group of models who want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows one and when I say that the dialogue is embarrassing I mean, if he was a dancer, he would be traveling during the MACARENA. None of the characters in this film are nice. Models are incredibly irritating, Victorian people don't talk, and the guy who tells the story has the personality of a sack of onions. So in the end all the girls are killed. and, killed, I mean drugs off screen. ooh. did you show ONE Death? and by death I mean holding his face until they put the blood trick on? fantastic. <br /> <br /> LIKE THIS guy also knows that this story baffles me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? there was no boy in that apartment! the door was locked with no way out, were the windows attached to a fire escape that was too rotten to function, as HELL had seen all this? Oh holes in the plot. we love you. So the movie ends with the newswoman saying "I think you invented, you're wasting our time" despite the fact that she begged him for the interview in the first place. Everything. This film was stupid, useless and made no sense with a lot of holes in the plot. I could go on and on about this movie, but I don't see the need. I'd rather spend my time doing something useful. Like something widdle. "Hell's Threshold" belongs more to purgatory with 2 stupid models. out of 10.
