Looking at Floored by Love a thought comes to mind almost immediately: "My god seems like a really bad sitcom". For sure, FBL is a pilot for a series that could start this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple who live in Vancouver. Janet is already out of her mother, but Cara's parents are still unaware of her daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is on itself even if the parents come from Malaysia for the marriage of the younger brother. That same week, British Columbia legalizes gay marriage. With Janet wanting to get married, Cara has to decide whether to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. Will she do it? Would you do it? Could you? Cara's situation is in contrast with that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) will soon be coming for a visit. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by Jesse are damaged by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Will you help 1-800-Makeover? <br /> <br /> Dialogue and delivery come directly from a lower 1950s program along with oversized physical emoting. The Full House style melodrama is enough to make you wince from time to time and comedy attempts largely fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only performers who approach the competence in this miscalculation, but given the material with which they have to work, it is not surprising that no one impresses. It is possible that campiness was intentional. Often it seems that the artists are not at all so bad, that they must try to imitate the lower sitcoms of the past days. If this is indeed the case, this review should probably be rewritten. The rewrite will focus on Floored by Love as a poor and ineffective transmission of old sitcoms. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter / director Desiree Lim has put together a bland-number festival that is completely forgettable. There was a time when it was enough to have an openly homosexual protagonist to leave a mark on the screen. That time is over. On this day we also need quality.
