I think Shakespeare explained what I just read beautifully. I think he (the lady) protests too much. The whole thing seemed to me as if the author was trying to convince himself! He mentions profane literature (writings of the same period but unrelated to the Bible) a number of times, however, I can think of at least three references from the top of my head that lend historical accuracy to the events contained in the Bible. Anyone can distort the data and demonstrate what they like, but it doesn't make it true. Change of customs, word definitions change over time (look at English and German where a common root is very evident) nothing remains the same, it is always growing and constantly evolving. The Bible has many different translations but the King James version is the one I found the best when it comes to any kind of research. In the King James version you will notice that there are some words written in italics. These words have been added by the translators and can be eliminated and the average of all variations of the verse. Writings of the whole time of Christ were written without spaces, without punctuation, without paragraphs and without numerical verses. These writings seem like a long word and the translators have added all of the above. For example, how would you read this: GODISNOWHERE read it as God is nowhere or read it as God is now here? The same string of letters has two completely different meanings. This is why many Bible researchers use a "lexicon" to assist them in translation as it provides a word-for-word translation from the original Arabic, Greek or Hebrew, depending on the language in which the Scripture was originally written. It is also interesting to note that when translated into symbolic logic, you can prove that God exists but you cannot prove that He does not exist! In the end, I love listening to people who think they are smart enough to be qualified to judge the almighty. Talk about the ego! By putting away the soapbox, God Bless Maegi
