I sat in this movie waiting for a provocative and fact based movie. But instead some of the less thought-out arguments against the Christian faith that can be imagined have been given. For example, in an attempt to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving a context and thus altering the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him, when in reality the quote comes from a parable told by Jesus, which involves a king who is then quoted. Thus the narrator makes it appear as if Jesus was saying something when in reality he is telling a story where one of his characters says it. This is dishonesty in a very obvious form. Is this really what atheism has to offer the world? This film also attempts to use the success of the Passion of Christ on Jesus Christ: Superstar and the Last Temptation of Christ as proof that Christians are bloodthirsty. It makes no mention of the fact that the Passion was the historically most accurate biblical film to date. It makes no mention of the fact that he was actually the best among the critics of the group. He then modifies a series of violent images of the Passion as if to bring his point home. Ironically, he makes no mention of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre which came out a few months later and sounds violence for entertainment, against a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his teasing of people who really knew more about the subject than about him. All the Christians he interviewed were average slaves in the parking lot of the Billy Graham Crusade in New York. The atheists who interviewed for the film were remarkable authors and scholars. He asked Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said it started with the Holy Spirit that came from the disciples at Pentecost. What is correct (Acts 2). Then he comments: "Isn't it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origins of their faith?" and proceeds to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after he was stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor boy seems convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2. More deception? Or is it simply ignorance? He also casts around the non-sense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus witnessed by people (whom Paul names in the passage) for the Corinthians to question if they are in doubt! <br /> <br /> There are many many other examples of how full of shit this 'documentary' is. But since I don't have the time or the patience to get into all of them, I will jump straight to the end. It is evident throughout the film that the narrator has an emotional revenge against his education in the church. And the culminating interview is HIS PRINCIPLE OF CHILDHOOD! In a last attempt to refute the Christian faith, the narrator tries to make fun of someone who gave him punishment as a child. Is this what passes like an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Surely there are directors of intelligent atheists out there who can make a documentary that is not a pile of invented shit like "facts".
