First let me state that I don't believe in god (if you want to use the word atheist, well, but I don't like that word since it describes what I am not, not what I am) but I hated this "documentary." Production values ​​were practically non-existent, the premise extremely shaky and the whole thing seemed to be an exercise in Brian Flemming's insecurities. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur director at best. The narrative seemed as if he had just told the film all at once, and he didn't practice at all. There were many umms and breaks when he should have talked in the film. even the animation was damn bad. <br /> <br /> The idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and Bible scholars. As I stated before, I do not believe in God, and I do not believe that Jesus was a real man says nothing about the existence of God. In my personal opinion, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in an age when there were many massiahs (he sought the apollonio of tiana) and that the stories of his life and his preaching had been swollen disproportionately with respect to your death. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote for this so it is rubbish) "practically all scholars in the field of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer, he was baptized by John the Baptist, was accused of sedition against the Roman Empire, and by order of the Roman governor Pontius Pilate was condemned to death by crucifixion. [1] "I was amazed at the end of the documentary whether this was more about the director's insecurities than on anything else. I was asked if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most significant example of this is the final interview with the headmaster of the religious school. He is not even shy. The way he bombs the teacher is unfair and, while I agree with the director in part, that teaching children about hellfire is a bad thing, the way Flemming faced the principal was simply embarrassing to watch. Flemming had the chance to have a good discussion, if it was more tactile with his interview. Instead he gets aggressive with "it's not bad to teach kids this stuff". The boy interrupts the interview and I want to say, what did he expect, the principal say "oh yes, I see it, I saw the light, this will be a secular school?" It seems that Flemming is taking revenge for what he feels is a wrong done to him in childhood. This is not the documentary, it is Flemming's insecurities and has nothing to do with the alleged documentary topic. Flemming shows what he is doing here, and this is the real ruin of this so-called documentary.
