It's not that I have extraordinarily fascinating memories of Verhoeven's original shock-down pants - it always struck me as a brilliant, well-made film airport film. Exciting, sexy trash, but still trash. It was also a film that drew on a certain sexual sexist spirit. After a decade of anti-sex hysteria caused by AIDS, a film about a wildly sexual girl who kills to excite her sexual pleasure was pretty tempting. Basic Instinct 2 has always had difficulty in providing the same social relevance and the same immediacy, so the fact that they are desperate attempts at malice are so insignificant that they can be neglected. All he really had to provide was that thin, titillating skin and a slightly addictive story and everything would have been watchable. The fact that it fails dramatically on so many levels, and in such a way as to be a career nadir for everyone involved, is truly extraordinary to watch. We make the obvious for beginners: Sharon Stone is too old for the part of Catherine Trammell's sexual magnet. What has been so photogenic through Verhoeven's lens looks like a lamb dressed as a lamb in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, who has bright colors and a static camera that makes his undeniable beauty totally questionable. I really like Sharon Stone, but if the first movie launched his career, BI2 could kill him. He has no chemistry with the David Morrissey plush shirt - their only sex scene is embarrassing even for the watch. The boy of a mother-like character with an impalpable face made me long for Michael Douglas's bold and aristocratic machismo. The thrusts supported by David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these good actors in chaotic exposure scenes and heavy cliché postures. And what of the much touted sexual shenanigans? Poorly illuminated, fleetingly glimpsed, completely mainstream as an episode of Desperate Housewives, the European sensibility that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film is seriously lacking. Don't watch this movie for carnal shivers - there aren't any and what's there is tragic. The film is, on the whole, twisted to confusion, boring and ridiculous. The last 40 minutes in particular, in which we come to the conclusion that the film, in fact, will not go for any reason of interest, are particularly grueling and amusing in equal measure. As a failed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will come to occupy such a cinematic ground as Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misunderstanding. Like a multimillion-dollar Hollywood movie, it's a difficult parody to overcome like the worst years.
