One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary on Jesus Christ called The God Who Wasn't There by director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, states that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to debunk the long-held Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, was crucified and resurrected, Flemming compares the story of Christ with those of the cult figures Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology and Roman mystery cults such as Mithraism and finds many striking similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his evidence on pagan cults, he also states that the first sources for the story of Christ, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date given for the crucifixion of Jesus and that the St. Paul's letters show little evidence that Jesus is a figure in the flesh. Unfortunately, Flemming is not able to conduct a solid investigation into the truth about the life of Jesus, but to use the subject only as a starting point for a full-scale attack on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews are with those philosophically aligned with the director, including atheists declared as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are those on the margins such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the Rapture Letters.com website, and Ronald Sipus, principal of the Christian school of fundamentalist Village, whom Flemming attended as a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston at Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus appears in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us that wrong Christianity was wrong about the sun that revolved around the earth, then points to the atrocities committed in the name of Christianity such as those of the sect leader Charles Manson who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who cut her the child's arm out for God. It also raises a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins that Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into a lake of fire, howling and screeching". To push us further against Christianity, Flemming shows us long clips from Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ, which details every scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting topic eventually becomes a childish outlet and a controversy against any religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit unspeakable acts, it ignores such people as the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan Indian from Guatemala who helped found the revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of his work for social justice, and Mother Teresa, whose work concerned respect for the value and dignity of each individual. <br /> <br /> His most significant argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults and makes some good points, yet Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, they do not there are texts or basic materials for these sects before 300 AD, long after the New Testament. It is also important to note an important difference. The immediate goal of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to feel that they had achieved union with their god. This is an anathema for Christianity that believes that an ecclesiastical hierarchy comprising priests and bishops up to the Pope is obliged to interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Even if I am not a Christian and I have some doubts about whether or not Jesus Christ was a historical figure, the truth is that, in the long scheme of things, it may not matter. What matters is that a message was presented to humanity and spread throughout the world that contributed to the spiritual evolution of humanity. Regardless of the distortions and crimes committed later in his name and there were many, conceived Christianity was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our neighbor. <br /> <br /> I appreciate the fact that the film was made and a taboo topic was discussed, what is absolutely necessary is not another attempt to divide using religion as a battlefield, but seeing it as a common thread that can bring together the people of the world. While there is room for debate and discussion on religious topics, in the words of Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect." The God who was not there is recommended only to those whose idea of ​​a good time is to sweep the religion of others.
