Allow me to begin by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there was probably no historical Jesus and Christianity is a fiction. That said, this film does a pretty poor job of trying that thesis. He makes good arguments - the gap between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospels, filled only by the writings of Paul, which does not indicate a historical Jesus - and then absolutely fails to discuss them convincingly. He makes ample statements without presenting the evidence on which the statements are based, and resolutely ignores the counter-arguments presented by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation and the lack of serious arguments are obvious and astounding. The only Christians we hear about in the film are the head of the director's old school - who turns out to be a reasonable and rational person who tries to face a twit with a sliver on his shoulder - and various Christians apparently met by chance in a parking lot. I am sorry, but to reveal that average Christians do not know much about their religion is not exactly an overwhelming proof of the fraudulence of Christianity. You can also say that Jay Leno denied the existence of Michael Dukakis in his Jay-Walking segment. Interviews with experts can be interesting, but the film is full of too many things, let's be honest, the director is just becoming snarky. Within the first five minutes the film has already merged Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the writers of the Left Behind series with Branch Davidians. And in the end, the film becomes so self-centered that no rational argument remains, just an angry former Christian who rails against the people and places he blames for his messy childhood. You know, maybe that movie could have been interesting, but it's out of place in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and it's so self-satisfied that it deflates any understanding. This is a film by Michael Moore without the humor or cinematic wit combined with a book by Richard Dawkins without intelligence or intellectual rigor. Salta.
