Eleonora, of Italian origin, inherited from her late lover Karl, an ultra modern and isolated house in the middle of the woods. It is winter and meets the mysterious caregiver Leslie, who eventually ends up taking care not only of the house, but also of Eleonora, as she tries to adapt to her new environment and to a growing attraction between the two. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? A thriller indeed, but it wasn't really like that. This is just advertising on the package for you! I'm quite puzzled about everything. The title, history and motivation. So how to classify it? Well, this drama of wooden characters is more an enigmatic humorous novel of alienation, possession and dependence entwined in a complicated passionate relationship of two masked individuals. The co-writer (along with William Dafoe) and the auteur film by the director Giada Colagrande are all too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysteriously metaphorical story, which leaves you in doubt of what this really means ?? even if when his sudden conclusion materializes, you will think why I should really be interested. What we pass feels worthless with a massive display of dead air that focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many embarrassing developments, but even more so they constitute a leaden experience, as it never deepens enough. How do you think he does it. Filtered sexually salty activities never convince and are anything but erotic. I'm a bit of a bulge in the already slow flow. The base of the plot makes something interesting and fresh, but it's never satisfying and I thought that there would still be something more than all this gloomy linger. Colagrande's direction is professionally elegant and appropriately dark from wanting her to imagine, but everything seems as if it were in slow motion and can be captured by admiring the same opinions. Most of the action remains in one location ?? the House. The camera work is heavily tense, but the grumpy music can become a bit ridiculous when it comes to some dramatically bright music cues that have given little meaning and purpose to the scenes. Giada Colagrande plays sensually and William Dafoe sleeps the part. He looks tired! While Seymour Cassel, from time to time he puts his head inside. <br /> <br /> Just where it's heading, nobody knows. Well, this is if you can wait. I think I will give the benefit of the doubt, as it is definitely not what I expected from this independent film.
