Respect Alex Cox, the director, I really do it. It's like the kid at school who you think is a bit too difficult to be "different" at the beginning, a literary punk-rocker who has immersed himself more than ever in spaghetti western, science fiction and marginal culture and has come out into the world is ready to be fucked ... but then you can see what he can really do, the talent and the fervent and cruel art and the moments of true and absurd hilarity capable of him, and you are ready to see all he has to offer. But there are two sides to his proverbial coin: he can really hit it out of the park (Repo Man, Sid and Nancy, Walker no doubt) or just try a little too much and pull out too many pretentious rabbits from the hat (Straight to hell). Death and the Compass falls into the latter category, and while I respect his (above all) original approach to dealing with a detective-killer story, it too falls on his face and his strangeness becomes strangely boring. <br /> <br /> He has a rather strange and already irreverent style to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, is looking for a killer with a hellish voice, Red (something), and it seems that the killer is leaving clues disturbing with its victims: scribbled in blood on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston seems to have just emerged from Shallow Grave without changing his appearance) has a religious significance in the Cabal. We follow Lonnrot in his case, and his methods for chasing the murderer, which at first include a triangular model and then a compass shape on the map - this despite the protests of stunned commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), which also seems to new flash-forward sitting at a desk and talking to the public with confused but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the fact of the case. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as a shot where we see the whole scope of the harrowing depths of the police station where Eccleston's character is taken by handcuffs (" For his own protection "Lonnrot says in case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we followed in a long roundup - perhaps the best or even the most curious - where we are taken in very dark corridors with very little direction, lost in the labyrinth of curves and oddities among the characters. And it's never something that isn't fascinating to look at *, with Miguel Garzon's cinematography a morbid pleasure. But the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so off-beat that it could even be beat-less all-together. The performances, apart from a confident Boyle and Eccleston in the end, are pretty ugly, especially Sandoval who just seems to squirm in his place by reciting the funny dialogue he is given to speak to the public. <br /> <br /> While the murder plot itself contains the intention for the public that this is not something we have seen before, that it is in a society with many rioters and an architecture that suggests the next Alphaville's decrepit wave, this too is out of focus very quickly. What is the conflict here? I have never been so busy with Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and only slightly involved in the few flashes of unbalanced scenes of the killer (and / or assassins) chasing people like in the building early (Cox himself has a funny cameo). And just when I started thinking that it was leading to something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in that big ("not as big as you think") build in the Southern section of the city, suddenly it gives us a "TWIST" that we know in the back of our mind is coming, but hope is not, and deflate any of the trivial mysteries it is leading. For all the moving spells of Cox as a director, despite all his opposition to feeding the public with a "conventional" approach, which I respect, Death and Compass eventually cut one off at the brain root; it's masturbatory.
