Is the name Uwe Boll automatically linked to the bad horror / cult cinema and every new film it releases? which is about two, three a year? he always immediately receives negative evaluations and harsh criticisms. In reality you are almost tempted to think that this is just a contemporary clamor. You know, how popular it is to hate Uwe Boll if you liked his movies or not. Just let me make sure this is NOT the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and frankly a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another unfortunate ordeal. Here, Boll looks so desperately difficult to find as controversial and shocking that he neglects numerous other elements that each film essentially needs to exist, such as a plot, a narrative structure, character development, the construction of tensions ?? "Seed" is a horrible film, full of free dirt and incomplete padding footage. I once read that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the now popular horror trend of the porn movies Torture Porn, but it's not even remotely close. The film undoubtedly borrows some influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but in the end it's just another boring slasher with an indestructible killer and the violence of video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are beyond boring and in reality only confirm all the obvious things you already knew would happen. As you can see, Boll was stupid enough to start his film with a scrolling text that explains that there is a US federal law that states that death row prisoners must be released if three attempts to electrocution. So you know it will happen later, but the first three quarters are still wasted in taking a serial killer and taking it to the electric chair. Seed is a silent serial killer who allegedly killed 666 victims (exaggerating a lot?) Who carries a bag on his head. Watch movies of cruelty to real-life animals (and then watch scenes of animal cruelty in real life, thank you for Mr. Boll) and take people back as they slowly decompose in their basement (including a crying baby that's really sick and twisted). When he is finally captured, during the most amateur and implausible police hunt, never filmed and placed on death row, the film becomes even more retarded. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not fry him, Max Seed crawls back to the surface and proceeds with a brand new murderous madness; this time mainly focusing on the people who arrested him and executed him. <br /> <br /> The senseless twists and the complete lack of depth of the plot of this film are fine; they are definitely exasperating and offensive to the level of intelligence of the average horror fanatic. Multiple twists and "Seed" sub-plot are simply impossible to accept from the reasonable functioning of the human mind because they are simply too stupid! No one believes that cops and prison staffers will bury a mass murderer alive without first firing some bullets at him. No one will accept that a fugitive detainee cannot be found for another six months, even if he has returned directly to the exact same hidden place where they captured him for the first time! "Seed" is full of little delayed things like this and the movie gets dumber every minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that even cast and crew members have not noticed. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply overlooks all the advice and criticism, and shoots stubbornly at his movies the way he wants. I imagine his screaming things like "shut up and do as you are told" to his actors whenever they observe that the scene they are shooting makes no sense. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of upsetting people, there is a gigantic sequence in which Max Seed destroys an old lady with a hammer while she is tied to a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of shocking, as Boll intended it, this sequence magically embodies how controversial the whole film is pathetic and ambiguous. "Seed" is horrendous, it's disgusting, it's pitiful, is it ?? Capsule.
