In the last year, Uwe Boll showed a marginal improvement as a director, inventing the competent "In the Name of the King" (a clone of the "Lord of the Rings") and proudly vulgar satire post-9/11 "Postal". But then "Seed" arrived and the counter was reset to Zero, maintaining its offer of legitimacy and respect even more out of reach. And I'm a fan of the boy ... his films show a unique vision and are never boring. <br /> <br /> Born out of his frustration at the fierce news of his early films, "Seed" is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary, and an even worse blow to creating an iconic mythological legend (Boll often seems to take a page from the successful restart of Rob Zombie of "Halloween"). The antagonist is Maxwell Seed (Will Sanderson), a brute mute and massacred who killed 666 people and is on death row, awaiting execution; after unsuccessfully smashing the beast, he rises from the grave to seek revenge on those who put him there ... and so begins a series of totally free chaos. <br /> <br /> Trying to create a new millennium slasher in the vein of Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees, Max Seed is too anonymous and boring to leave an impression, ultimately resembling a broken-down professional wrestler "The Toolbox Murders" on a series of equally boring victims. Furthermore, Seed's character and Boll's "message" are in contrast to one another: the death penalty is wrong, of course, but we really expect to sympathize with a soulless murderer who left a pair of hundreds of corpses in its wake? Meanwhile, Michael Pare acts like a listless, lost brother from the character of James Remar in "Dexter": a policeman sitting at his desk a lot, flipping through newspaper clippings, and watching non-stop decomposing scenes of decomposing animals and people trapped in the den of Seed. The moment he and a group of cardboard cops break into Seed's hideout, the sequence is so elaborate, ill-conceived (the lighting is almost non-existent) and not very exciting (despite a good dose of blood) that it almost put me <br /> <br /> The poor production of films is not limited to just that sequence: "Seed" seems to have been shot by a drunken cinematographer, as the camera moves and moves endlessly, a technique that it is the stomach that turns more than the gore itself; these long sequences of very small events only call attention to the twisting, almost non-existent narrative. At 90 minutes, the film is relaxed enough to be considered a form of torture, which may have been Boll's intent all the time. <br /> <br /> Pure genius ... I guess the joke is on me.
