Consider for a moment what it must be like to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, perhaps in those places that Jack Nicholson said "do not talk at parties", Boll knows that David Lean had lice as a child who had more talent for cinema than he. Gore Whores, metal-heads and socially dysfunctional could bump into him on the circuit and tell him otherwise, but the general public finds the exit of the Teutonic helmsman so lacking in originality, wit or imagination that he became the black man of the Internet ?? a discursive online synonym of photochemical excrements. Boll does his best to ride these opponents, using tax credits available in Germany and Canada to continue to work and raise funds from a network of dentists like Zero Mostel did with the old ladies in The Producers. The difference is that the character of Mostel knew he was getting his fill of liver. Perhaps Uwe also knows. <br /> <br /> Such is the level of hostility towards any new "Bollbuster" that IMDb patrons sabotage their votes by voting 1 before seeing it. Boll's attempts to silence his critics by challenging them at a boxing match and knocking them out made them even more determined. In fact he is probably the only director who has increased thesaurus sales as critics look for inventive ways to describe garbage. <br /> <br /> This assault has made Uwe a very thick-skinned man, so much so that he must feel like he's wrapped in a rug, but one who feels bullied by the whole world. Like most people in that situation, it is unleashed, determined to upset as many people as possible with the memory of an evening in tears with the Variety review by House of the Dead, never too far from the surface. This strategy "I know you are but what I am" to claim the initiative produced the abrupt satire of Postal, which tried to napalm the dissidents with 9/11 attacks, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. This litany of invectives requires a satirist with the mind of Peter Cook and the visual imagination of Chris Morris, but the Boll closest to both men is the o in their surname. <br /> <br /> In Seed, turned back to Tornado with the aforementioned game adaptation, Boll is back with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is there any other type?) who gets the chair only for two attempts to fail to permanently limit all the signs of life. Aware of the fictitious law that says that everyone is still alive after 3 attempts must get rid, even if you had been fried with that amount of electricity because you wanted to, they declared him legally dead and bury him, only for the unhappy murderer to re-emerge and begins a whirlwind tour of his jailers. <br /> <br /> Boll begins his "exploration of nihilistic rage" with Seed watching footage of tortured animals for experimental purposes. From there we are treated to the stocks of the killer on the market? kidnap dogs, children and grown women and allow them to starve in the room just to become larva food. We are invited to reflect on what depraved race of amoral sacks we are all ?? our inhumanity to each other and our similar creatures that act as a lighting bar that acts as a catalyst for the most disgusting vestiges of the human condition. Yes, we are useless, sadistic and very happy and worse than that, we will not give Uwe a good score on IMDb. In short, humanity is bunk. <br /> <br /> Obviously one might think that Uwe is based on our worst excesses for his livelihood and with this in mind it is a bipolar piece, on the one hand hating his audience and is positively whitening in the sour milk of human kindness ?? the milk that poor old Boll had to drink for so long, while simultaneously whipping his member and inviting those with a pornographic desire for depravity on the screen to marvel at his cracking ass. <br /> <br /> The result says nothing about the company and its discontents, plus the corrosive effect that the bad press is having on its director. Poor Uwe is obviously a very angry man ?? a scene in which a poor woman gets her brain hammered into a pulp while tied to a chair, no doubt a substitute for her fantasy of sending various web critics. That it is there, but that it has an avant-garde approach, not being attached to any kind of narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographer whose goal is to involve his audience's desire for blood and knows that the plot is superfluous to the needs . He made a film shot in a competent but completely desolate way. "I wanted to make a horror film that was not funny" Boll told the audience at the world premiere of the film and, on this fragile manifesto, he succeeded, but if this should convince the detractors of the director of being a serious genre director , will need something genuine to say and a better, more original way of saying it.
