"National Treasure" (2004) is a mixture of completely misguided plot intrigues that borrow from almost all the conspiracy clichés of the dagger and dagger government that have ever been written. The film is played by Nicholas Cage in the role of Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is it, I ask you?); a seemingly normal type who, for no other reason than to be of a descent of misguided fortune-hunters who think alike, decides to steal a "national treasure" that has been hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background that plays ridiculously (unintentionally) as Indiana Jones meets The Patriot, the film degenerates into a wild whim after another ?? attempting to create a "Stanley Goodspeed" regurgitation by Nicholas Cage and launch the entire convulsive disorder forward with a series of very high, but disconnected misadventures. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his heterogeneous group of patriots who bury the ransom of a king in a place of his native country, and then, passing through the meticulous plan of leaving scattered clues in all American art work, it's something that director Jon Turteltaub never manages to explain. Wouldn't Washington have found a better use for this wealth during the country's launch? So, we remain with a mystery built on an enigma that is already on unstable ground when Ben is named the new custodian of this unspeakable wealth. Are Ben's intentions noble ?? if confused. He decided to protect the treasure. For whom and when ??? your hypothesis is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First of all, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides he can't wait for Ben to decide to steal the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh yes, brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back of that famous document contains the secret answer to the final fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The murder attempt is, of course, unsuccessful, if excessively melodramatic. In addition, it offers Ben the opportunity to collect and collect the curated archive curator, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Do you think Ben is clearly a fool? at least at the beginning. But true to the form of action / romance, Abby's resolution melts faster than you can say "is Hope Diamond?" The film moves in full X-File-ish mode, since the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind the theft, reacts in various benevolent ways leading to a multilayer of action sequences reminiscent of Mission Impossible and The Fugitive. Honestly, don't those guys ever have the right 'intelligence' information? Ultimately, "National Treasure" is not a great film making, as much as it is a patchwork rehash of old pieces tired of other films, intertwined together with clippings, which would have made THE Betsy Ross blush. <Br /> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD offers a much more generous treatment than this film deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image presents a very smooth and finely detailed image with very rich colors, natural flesh tones, solid blacks and clean whites. The stylized image is also free of imperfections and digital improvements. The audio is 5.1 and offers a pleasant sonic brio to the side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The extras include a series of reed promotional material that is quite profound and exaggerated in explaining how and why this film was made. If only, as an audience, we had more clarification on why Ben and co. they were chasing an illusory treasure, this could have been a good movie. The extras conclude with the theatrical trailer, audio commentaries and deleted scenes. Not for the faint of heart? just the big head.
