I saw this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels and, as I watched it, I immediately wondered why I was worried. In all honesty I really expected something more from this movie. Perhaps something along the lines of "Conspiracy Theory". Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why did they take the trouble? But instead of an absorbing action and a mysterious drama, I was involved in a pastiche of incredible nonsense there 'The Goonies', which to my great surprise seems to have collected some real critical praise. Perhaps because "The Goonies" was clearly aimed at pre-teen and teen audiences. Considering that "National Treasure", judging by the previews, was seriously intended to attract an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspension of disbelief is one thing. It's like you can enjoy science fiction and horror. But I actually found myself resisting the heaping spoons of paranoid tripe and conspiracy pushed to the public. Oh, the screenwriter threw all the jargon to evoke a sense of serious wonder. "Wow! The Masons. The Knights Templars. You know, this could be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the founding fathers hid the treasure to keep him out of the English hands! And just where did the Knights Templar come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forget. From France! Which explains very well how he ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution. He was brought there by Napoleon's agents! Anyway, see what I'm getting. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really think it could have been a serious, mysterious drama. But it comes off when another kid walks around with adult clothes. In the end I think it asks the public not only to suspend the faith, but to make itself stubbornly ignorant in an offensive measure. <br /> <br /> I've just finished looking at several articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to go from fine dining in Hollywood to Big Mac and French fries. <br /> <br /> Ok, okay. If you pant for pursuits, explosions and delicacies, you'll enjoy 'National Treasure'. But it's the kind of movie, well, have you ever been out of a cinema waiting to enter while the previous audience is coming out? And all the kids are talking enthusiastically to each other and they say things like "Wow! Did you see how that thing exploded? 'National Treasure' is that kind of movie.
