John Carpenter's career is over if this sad excuse for a film is an indication. His excuse is that only Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, are probably all dressed in the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to say which was nicer in a sort of anorexic ramp. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two Vampire Girls on the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At some point they are about to give themselves a wet kiss, but they stop. Amazing how every Vampire movie has a certain number of morays for their vampires. At one point, Arly Jover is giving fellatio to a very stupid Vampire Hunter and then sucks his blood while doing the sexual act. It would have been an erotic moment, except that it was filmed as a real joke, and the male actor seemed slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move his head to imitate something that was obviously not happening. As for blood, some heads are torn away and the blood splashes abundantly. These scenes have so little suspense or accumulation that when they happen it's almost funny, and there is no "horror" paid back by the scene. All you get as a member of the audience is the feeling of "Wow, which is definitely a lot of red paint splashing on the walls. I wonder who should clean it up." Throughout the film, these Vampire Hunters who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the best vampire in the world ??) continue to contact her. At one point, Bon Jovi enters the abandoned Church and after just firing it with an arrow (and did it on other occasions), he says "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. I want to meet you." HUH ?? Sure, the dumb vampire Arly pops out to say hello and Bon Jovi attacks her again with another impaling device. "Why Can not We Be Friends" the 70's hit song by WAR should have been the soundtrack of this movie. Apart from all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner has removed all her vampire blood, and the people of the city line up to donate blood for her transfusion. I guess the blood type is not important? However, all his Vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if that blood is transfused into him, he can defeat Arly and become a vampire. Obviously, as the vampire's blood is transfused into him, none of his healthy blood is removed. So, apparently, Bon Jovi is walking with twice the blood that every human can have in his body. And just like the early Vampires, this one also has the special effect of vampires bursting into flames.
