Live Feed is set in some unnamed Asian Chinese / Japanese district somewhere like five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) you are enjoying a night in the city and admiring the monuments. After a fight in a bar with a head of the Japanese triad (Stephen Chang) they decide to take a look at a porn theater, as you would do. Inside they are separated and quickly discover that the place belongs to the head of the Triad who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that have not been clarified. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also receives a credit designer for prosthetic effects, one must say that Live Feed is another rather low budget film. on a horror-type video camera that seems to exist only to collect the reputation and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini craze for "torture porn" as it has become known. According to IMDb's "Trivia" section for the Live Feed writer and director, Nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities taking place in live sex theaters, for my money I think he wrote it after seeing Hostel ! The script is rather poor, there is no basic reason to explain why this porn theater has a big ugly maniac dressed in slavery equipment lurking around torturing and killing people, no one. Was it for the triads? Was it for her pleasure? Was it possible to sell films of snuff? A sort of explanation would have been nice. Also, why did he turn on the triad boss in the end? If you are looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me a sort of mixed discomfort of sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore and action movies that didn't come out. I mean, just setting a horror movie in a theater won't automatically make your movie good, there will still need a decent script and plot, right? The characters were rather mediocre clichés and some of their actions and motivations were more than a little questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, it's pretty bleak mixing blood, sex and nudity, but it seems cheap that reduces the effect. <br /> <br /> The director Nicholson does nothing special here, the editing is rough and annoying, he seems to think that lighting up almost any scene with neon lights is a good idea and the film has an economic aspect. Available in the 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I saw the shorter 'R' version which is not so bloody but I am ready to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'Unrated' version and to say that it could be very, very gorier but not I can say for sure. There is also a good dose of nudity, if it is your passion. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or fear here because it is not there and I am not respectively, although in general it has a bleak tone which is something I intend to do it I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically Live Feed is not terribly impressive, the blood seems a little too watery for my taste and whole scenes immersed in annoying neon lights sometimes makes it hard to say what's going on, it often seems to be It was shot on a hand held camcorder and the choppy editing at least on the 'R' rated version is sometimes an annoying mess. Shot on location in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The acting is mediocre, sometimes I could not understand if the actresses in this film should cry or laugh ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie I would recommend anyone to hurry to buy or buy rent, I didn't think much of it with the very weak and predictable plot that lacks exposure and goes nowhere, the mediocre acting and the less than impressive gore (at least in the nominal cut "R" anyway). Watch the films of Hostel again or as they are superior.
