First of all, the actor who has to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors who played in the Jews have blue eyes. Aren't there enough brown-eyed actors out there? Jesus depicted with blue eyes is one of my little animals. He was a thoroughbred Jew! Secondly, what is it with the old English films that should take place in non-English speaking countries and all have English accents? (Another example is "Dr. Zhivago" by David Lean.) Are there not enough Jewish actors or actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often not faithful to the Scriptures, and therefore seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven saying: "This is my beloved son, in whom I am very happy" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the film, John the Baptist says this! It seems that the writer is trying to portray believers too. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film, we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to speak with a ray of moonlight, and when Mary's mother hears her talking to someone and peeks at her, she doesn't hear or see anyone. Moreover, in the film, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the Temple of Jerusalem, he says: "You will no longer see me here, not until you learn to cry," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord ', because my father and I are the same thing. "The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is" You will not see me again until you say: Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord ". Epoch. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts out many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is very expurgated), but then he spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (an entire scene with Mary Magdalene talking to a john) .It seems that the writer, instead of wanting to make a cinematographic version of the Scriptures, wanted to make a film about what he thought might have really happened behind (and between the scenes). The film has a gem, however - during the scene in which Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, to Matthew, the house of the publican, I had tears in my face. It's the best movie I saw about Jesus' ministry (but this isn't saying much, because the others are just terrible.) "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie on the last days of Jesus ("The Passion of Christ "is too graphic", although I like "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending with the death of Jesus, continue and show his resurrection.
