Scary Movie 3 is not as fun as its predecessors, but still has fun moments. It all starts when itinerant journalist Cindy Campbell sets out to find a difficult story in the midst of television sweeps. He soon discovers an outrageous onslaught of threatening developments worldwide including alien invaders, killer videotapes, crazy crop circles and much more. Faced with conspiracies of massive proportions, and a crew of very strange people following her, Cindy must struggle to prevent the evil from conquering the world once again. The plot is a non-issue here since the first two were practically less plot. This time they focus on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 mile, as well as many others not as much as those mentioned above. The first was {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second one was not good but still quite fun. The third is pleasantly mild but it's nothing special. Let's just say that I didn't mind seeing it once but I probably wouldn't want to see it again. The jokes are either missed and the ones that are fun usually involve Charlie Sheen. Lame usually involve Anthony Anderson as he is very overrated. Because he continues to cast, it's not clear why it's not fun. Anna Faris does a fun performance and is also undervalued. Simon Rex shows some potential as it wasn't so bad. Even Regina Hall returns as Brenda and she does a pretty funny performance. The rest of the cast was pretty much a bunch of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably made the most entertaining scene of all the cameos. They in the opening sequence Spoofing The Ring and that scene turns out to be more enjoyable than the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos. David Zucker directs and while this is not another plane, he is not even my boss's other daughter. It is useless to really analyze a simple comedy as the main thing that people want to know if it's funny or not. As I said before, if you like it, you probably won't like it very much. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing as the PG-13 rating weakens it but it can still be enjoyed. Rating 6.3 / 10
