At first I was disgusted by director Sun-Woo Jang because I heard he had cheated me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but instead chose to focus its strength on the pornographic element rather than on the actual human element. At the beginning I couldn't see the characters and his sloppy presentation that mixed realism and cinema was at the most amateurish? yet this film remained in my mind for days after seeing it. What was left with me was not the story, it wasn't the characters, nor the apparent pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Jang showed between Y and J. If you look closely at this movie, you'll see that both begin at a stage exploring their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but not entirely sure of the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new ways of pleasure, they continually jump between the aggressor and the aggressive. Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one who controls the situation, therefore obsessively, the inversion happens when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very small change, and thanks to the graphic content of this film can easily not be missed, but it's there. It becomes apparently clear towards the end when J cannot live with Y, as their meetings become less frequent and J tries to become part of the normal society. This was a huge and very exciting element for this film to see right before your eyes, but alas, it was the only element of this film worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who speak of this film nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements at the center of this film, because they are as underdeveloped as they are, they are there. It is a film about an aspect of our life that is rarely explored in the cinema or discussed in the newspapers. What happens behind closed doors you never know ?? or at least we should believe. While the act itself becomes repetitive after a while, director Jang tries to change it a bit with a constantly changing scenario. Our characters move continuously from the hotel room to the hotel room to better quench their thirst for each other's flesh. In the beginning it's fun, but again, Jang's repetitive series seems to make it boring and exciting. This brings me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (beyond the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side) was that he did the scenes, he repeated them over and over again, without changing in front of us to allow us to get to know the characters. Where was Jang going with this movie? Did he want sex to tell stories, or did he believe the characters would do it? He failed in this sense because at the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we could care less about how they are solved. The ending seems rather random at the moment that Jang tries to create a final resolution for our two absolutely unknown characters in this film. I have to give Jang some credit for trying, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would have created the personal element that we lacked, but simply could not fit together well. Y's spouses and J's wife were those points of the plot, but again, due to the fact that he focused so strongly on the sexual element, these stronger substations became unsustainable and dark. Maybe it was just like I saw this movie, but outside of the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We knew nothing of J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this film could have benefited from having a strong score or an element of musical genre remotely bringing us, the spectators, closer to the emotions felt by J and Y. I can remember, and I'm trying to push this film away from my mind, I don't remember any musical undertone. Gojitmal may have been a stronger film if Jang had stylized it with music or done something to allude to the beings of our character. While I understand that he wanted sex to speak for itself, there was only one missing technical element in this film that could have appeased a stronger desire than most. Technically, this was a poor film. Obviously an independent film in nature, it seemed more than the director Jang was trying to make symbolic references from nothing, instead of from the typical independent of this nature. I haven't seen so much about a social message or a human element as mentioned above, I just felt like he had thrown this movie together over the course of two weeks and realized that sex would sell him enough. This was not a Larry Clark production; this was under par and surely needed some more technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final version! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I could appreciate this movie and there were smaller elements that I liked, but I felt that this film was hasty, repetitive and played too much against taboos instead of breaking them. The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen from the last scene of this film when we know how the title of this film was conceived. Our characters weren't important, our story was underdeveloped and we could have used something memorable to make what was happening between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex. For me, was Jang trying too hard to capture art houses and pornographic meetings? and failed miserably. This was not a film that was worth the time and effort needed to make. <br /> <br /> Vote: ** on *****
