SPOILERS POSSIBLY MUCH LESS <br /> <br /> This film was announced as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "The Witch" (its Russian title) will occupy a place of dishonor in the gallery of horrible Russian films. It is based on the story of Nikolaj Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. "Based" is the key word here since no familiarity with the story is required. Instead, the less you know Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It is a unique production because we are used to directors who collect stories from other cultures and adapt them to their own culture. The wave of American remakes of foreign films is a prime example, but then again, Sturgess transformed Kurosawa's seven samurai into The Magnificent Seven with splendid results, and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to create an incredibly powerful throne in Blood. , while King Lear became a compelling Ran. However, with "The Witch", we have the Russians transplanting a classic Russian tale onto American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English with the aim of doubling it in English using American actors and having reasonably synchronous lip movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, the colorful Ukrainian background of the story is lost, in a gray American town apparently raised by an outdated manual of horror books. The seminarian seminarian Khoma Brutus is finished, instead we have a mawkish journalist who is about to win the Pullitzer prize and at the same time writes about events similar to X-Files and attends the Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought that Pullitzer's prize was given for that kind of writing, now I feel humbly correct). In a strange nod of the Russian, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. They should have called him John Smith because it's impossible to get more banal, cliché and generic about this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, is stranded on a dirt road, staggers until he finds a dilapidated house and is rather not welcomed by an old hag. All this with the accompaniment of a radio announcement that the forces of evil are at their maximum potential, and people are better at home avoiding water. Do I have to say that it's raining really hard? After some apparently scary scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest, he is mistaken for a priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter who died after being brutally attacked wanted the new priest to pray for her three nights. At this point, the action presumably begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything, starting from the dialog box and up to the prop department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly written in English, and was compiled exclusively from clichés and banalities taken from American films. The actors clearly struggled with English because the timing of their speech was laborious and unnatural, and Russian dubbing followed suit. The acting is mostly atrocious, and not just because the actors often find it difficult to talk, but because they have nothing that comes close to a range of facial expressions. For the most part, they are just blank or wish they were. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a good Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis who plays a wheelchair resident of Castleville. Oh, and of course a rooster that's absolutely natural on camera! I know the actors complain about being overshadowed by cats and dogs, but when Nikolaev is overshadowed by a rooster it is a sad testimony to the general quality of acting in the film. <br /> <br /> There was not a single moment of fear in the whole film, and there was not even a single moment in the film. Mind you, this comment comes from someone who is rather inexperienced in horror. The film is full of standard moves used in horror films since the genre began. At a critical moment, the camera lingers lovingly on a kerosene lamp. The lamp turns off immediately. He must have also seen some horror movies. An example of supreme idiocy comes at another time, a character jumps out of a bathtub and runs to the camera. Wear something that looks like a thong! There is nothing more idiotic than this! <br /> <br /> Who in Russia liked to say that it should have been advertised as a mystic thriller. I wasn't thrilled either. It was run-of-the-mill from beginning to end. I particularly appreciated the fact that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew exactly who lived in a horror movie, except that they weren't quite sure if it had zombies or not. Therefore, some of them acted like zombies just in case. <br /> <br /> The film's creators say it's about finding the faith. Such beautiful collections of idiotic actions, stupidly artificial moments and, yes, clichés, do not deserve to be about finding faith. The film is so completely and completely false that it only deserves to be an exhibition in a museum of wax statues.
