What's here?! Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He is not a great actor but perhaps a beautiful star with some good films that is not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So not to mention (literally!) The question of (Steve McQueen) in the same role in the original because I don't want to make that comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), he has a lot of bad movies about her and even in his best form it seems average! And I really get the courage when they talk about her seductive rare beauty !! ?? Well, if being blond would make anyone catchy, then I will dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what happens with all the madness of Basinger's legs? !! Is it definitely madness or bad tasting? As I don't see them both not only sexy, but also UGLY! And if you hate it, then take me down, but you know what ?! I just saw this movie so I'm already dead! Yet, what would make you really suffer so unbearable is that nothing of the credits goes to the one that deserves the most? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're talking about a real seductive genuine girl with such an unforgettable body and a unique sense of enticement like an ugly brunette (Marilyn Monroe) anyway much healthier !! (I can't help it, she was the only thing new and watchable here!). (Michael Madsen) as the villain was very attractive and effective more than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to summarize the first poolside events (so the trailer would be later with his voice!) And he knew before all this is all Hollywood stuff like "Do your own thing, take your money and good luck as an actor in other movies!", the editing gave the film a serious personality along with a violent atmosphere made by a fit brilliant cinematography, so its main assets (Action, Thrill, ..) are here and quite well done, although any echo of profound meanings about (the kind of betrayal) as the main dramatic reason for the whole thing is not so strong don't wait for it OK, it's another remake without anything special (Except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!) So I think I tried to be objective as much as I could so I shouldn't finish my review by saying that ( Basinger) or someone here has done better than this movie .. It would be an insult because frankly .. Something is better than this movie!
