The famous cinematographer Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this rather ugly horror / drama film. Nineteenth-century England has a different view of how the practice of medicine should be managed compared to Dr. Thomas Rock, the law that states that only the bodies of hanging criminals can be studied and tested. But the stocks of these bodies are small and Rock needs more - and he prefers them cooler. Being a nonconformist in his circle, he starts paying people to find bodies to study and test. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom take advantage of this job opportunity and start killing people and selling these bodies to Rock. Of course, this type of action has even worse consequences than the practice on the corpses of non-criminals and leads to problems for everyone. While the general story seems intriguing on paper, almost everything on The Doctor And The Devils is ridiculously evil. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the film, you are already beginning to question your decision to sit and watch the film. The whole aspect of the film is simply ugly. Since the film takes place in the slums of England in the 19th century, the directors have probably looked "ugly", but they do not do it artistically. Everything, from the scenography to the cinematography, seems only economic, weak and disgusting. Also, almost the whole scene is filled with something that you simply can't take seriously, and most of the time it has to do with someone (both small and large roles) doing something that seems or sounds completely ridiculous. Francis certainly didn't help his actors much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play respectively the film's twisted friends, Fallon and Broom, and are very generous but very bad. Their characters are crazy by nature, but Pryce and Rea minimize the parts until they die. In particular they have problems maintaining the same accent from one shot to another. Pryce, in particular, goes from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to a species of lagoon creature and so on. It is also a blaze of humor to see Twiggy in this film, let alone play an in-demand prostitute, since she can't act to save her life (even though her song during the credits is not so funny). Boy who certainly has come a long way: from "flower power" to "I'll be mee clothes off for a shillin '!" As bad as those three actors featured in this film, Julian Sands takes home the prize for the worst performance of the film. He is as lame as he gets, giving an attempt to laugh out loud after the other in portraying anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choosing an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about The Doctor and the Devils: Timothy Dalton's performance of Dr. Rock. Despite being surrounded by movie drains, Dalton is quite excellent; giving an electric portrait of a man too determined but of good character. Too bad the rest of the film could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ...
