I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending the last night in a college cinema, I couldn't help but think ... when will it end? Two hours and fifteen minutes very long and heavy. I had only seen part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. That being said, experimental films like this are better digested in small increments. There are a couple of beautiful / horrible images ... including the title sequence (no joke), but if you expect this kind of plot or meaning, then a long and sleepy ride awaits you. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if that's a compliment), but most of the time, I was waiting for some kind of meaning or narrative ... big mistake. Among the collection of images there is a very elaborate gift wrapping ceremony, the creation of a disgusting dish of what look like sheets of petroleum jelly formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served to the ship's crew who is shown throughout the film), a large cheesecake with a large tentacle placed at the center of it, and Bjork's mutual evisceration and director Matthew Barney that eventually culminates in some bizarre kind of communion, followed by their transformation into similar creatures to whales. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even exasperating. At one time, there is a song sung by Bjork to accompany the ephemeral rituals that are played before us, and at other times there is only a constant buzzing of a sharp instrument, which we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the film . If this sounds like it doesn't make sense, this is because it is NOT! If this sounds like your cup of tea, then you will absolutely love it! If this sounds like something you probably won't like, then stay away from it, because you will most likely get out of the theater during the semicircle like many people at the show you attended. This is the very definition of an art film. Take what you get from it. Otherwise, there's not much else, apart from some oddities and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I'm glad there's a place for movies like this, but I can't say that I'd like to hear from you again. However, I can't say I don't want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from the beginning to the end and compare it to this one. I think, maybe now that I know what to expect, I could enjoy something more. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding factor this movie has, I probably would have liked it better if I got caught. Then again, he could feel twice the time he had, and then he really would have become weighty. Definitely not for everyone.
