Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and disappointing comic thriller by director William Richert. As I watched the film, I honestly felt like I was the emperor in the classic fairy tale The Emperor's New Clothes. The film made me feel crazy because I couldn't make the head or tail of the serpentine plot and absurd characters. But I felt a little embarrassed to admit to myself that the film was tearing me to pieces. So I continued to the end, hoping that all the tangled mess untangles itself. Then I understood ... the film is SUPPOSED to be serpentine, senseless and illogical, because this is the point. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists, with the weaving of the plot used as a metaphor for the intertwining of truths, half truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I realized the joke was on me, I still felt Winter Kills as a rather horrible film. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former president of the United States who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims to have shot the president and gives detailed information on where he hid the gun. Nick follows the clues, but every step of the way people help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. Furthermore, his father Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly rich businessman, continues to interfere with Nick's investigations. The deeper it gets into murder, the more Nick realizes that he is descending into a network of complex lies and false leads, where nothing is as it seems and no one can trust. <br /> <br /> The film is a real nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow for the reason mentioned above that is deliberately tangled. The cast is full of extraordinary talents, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most useless cameo roles in the history of cinema; Elizabeth Taylor appears unaccredited and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone is given what looks like an interesting role but his character is not going anywhere. John Huston has the best role as a powerful patriarch and gives us some funny moments from the film with his immature delivery. Even Anthony Perkins has a creepy role and handles it well, even if his time is too short to do justice to the character. Some nude and sex scenes are launched without a real reason and, while they are rather graphic and could please the voyeurs, they really belong to another film. The semi-comic climax of the film is farcical and disappointing, but paradoxically memorable in its strange strange way. There is obviously a cult audience out there somewhere for Winter Kills ... but it didn't count me among its numbers.
