Altered Species begins a Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his laboratory assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) are burning midnight oil as they continue to try and perfect a new revolutionary drug called " Rejenacyn ". While Walter makes one last failed attempt in the sink, the pipes lose the fluorescent green liquid in the basement where rats escaped from the lab start drinking it ... Five of Walter's friends, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very exciting dress, including some boots) fantastic that she gets to step on a mouse with), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide that he worked too much and needs to go out so they plan to take it and celebrates the night. On his way back to the lab and to the vacuum cleaner Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the now murderous rats in the basement while Walter injects the last batch of serum into a laboratory mouse that comes out of his cage as he grows at a surprising rate. Walter's friends show up but can't leave while the mouse is still missing, so everyone helps him look for him. All six become potential rats ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species he was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend him. Producer Serge Rodnunsky's script is poor and coupled with the general sloppiness of the production as a whole. Altered Species is really lame. To begin with, the characters are stupid, boring and cliché. Then there is the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the isolated position, the stranded human cast and the obligatory final clash between hero and monsters. It's all here somewhere. Altered Species moves at the right pace, which is the best thing I can say about it and fortunately it doesn't last that long. It's basically your average killer mutant rat movie and not particularly good at this. <br /> <br /> Director Feldman films as a TV movie and everything is bland and forgettable while some of the special effects and attack scenes leave a lot to be desired. To begin with, CGI rats are horrible, attack sequences are equipped with jerky hand movements and really fast changes to try to hide the fact that all rats are passively sitting there. At various points in Altered Species the cages of the mice must tremble because of the movement of the rats, but you can clearly see all the mice sitting there while someone shakes the cages from the screen. The giant mouse monster eventually looks rather poor as it is just a boy in a badly-dressed suit. Are there no fear, no tension or atmosphere and since when basements contain bright neon lights? There are one or two chunks of blood here, someone has a pretty messy hole where their face once stood, there's a severed arm and beheading, a lot of rat bites, someone with an eyeball pulled out and a mutilated dead cat. br /> <br /> Technically altered species is sub standard in everything. It takes place within the confines of a building, has cheap CGI effects and low production values. The acting isn't much, but it's not bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia is a bit small and makes Altered Species just a little nicer and easier to look at ... <br /> <br /> Altered Species is not a particularly beautiful film, in fact it is rather ugly, but I suppose you could do worse. Not great, but it could be worth it if you're not too fussy and you have nothing else to do.
