Nell Shipman must have paid a considerable sum of money to promote the Maxwell car's off-road capabilities. The plot of the film is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of writer's block and needs inspiration, so he goes to visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car rather than ride a horse. While Nell is visiting with his father's partner in his mining field, a band of local bandits kidnap her and take her to their camp in the desert. The hero needs to reach it quickly, so he decides to go there by car. This is where the film takes a strange turn. Bert proceeds to drive on every conceivable terrain, huge rocks, small streams, heavy bushes, shaggy tree stumps, steep slopes, etc. Etc., for most of the film we see this machine coming and struggling to crawl over obstacles. Now, mind you, this is not a modern-day ATV, it's a 1920 Maxwell car, so it looks a lot out of place like an SUV. And clearly he has limits for some of the terrain he encounters, we can see it blocked more than once in this film. But the filmmakers made an effort to prove it by beating the odds and eventually overcoming all the obstacles. Once the hero arrives at the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps in the car with her and walks away with the bandits in pursuit (on horseback), and at this point he became hysterically funny to me. Looking at this car moving slowly on huge rocks, remaining stuck in the gravel and mountain brush, going back and forth to get enough momentum to pass over the limbs of fallen trees, the bandits would have had plenty of time to recover. But they never do, although we must believe that this pursuit in the wild continues throughout the night. And in a silly climax, the car climbs a mountain, and helps Nell and the hero to push a huge boulder along its side to crush the pursuing bandits. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you would think that the army should invest Maxwell cars in 1920 because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than the Hummers and Bradley tanks combined. Watch this movie just for the laughs, it's worth it just to see Nell coming to the car grill and saying "You did your best, brave little car"
