to create an audience that goes to the cinema - I am certainly amazed by the number of positive comments this miserable film has collected here. I can't believe it, I can't help but be suspicious, as far as I'm concerned, of back payments for critics who are promoting Annette Bening for an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling could be more appropriately attributed to his chewing landscape. She is a wonderful but unfortunate unfortunate actress, without that essential quality film that the actors must master to capture the cadence of the script and keep it for the duration of the disconnected madness that is a cinematographic recovery. <br /> <br /> I absolutely do not want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her obscure work), however, because this is a horrendous adaptation, a classic case of translation wrong (I'm ready to assume: I haven't read the book and I don't think I'll do it later). The script throws us into the midst / confusion of inexplicable behavior and extreme emotional anguish that vomits from mystifying characters who have developed relationships neither with us nor with one another. It quickly becomes a grotesquely excessive tsunami-like assault that fools characters and audiences and leaves me as a survivor shaking its head at the debris left at the end of each repetitive episode. Shock and awe would describe my reaction to frantic bi-polar mood swings between ranting and oh-so-silent sensitivity, the latter telegraphed by one of the most irritating, manipulative and drone soundtracks I've heard - that is, when all this it's not set on ridiculously incongruous stubs - vintage stuff, you know, but chosen with an incredible disregard for the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How this beautiful cast got confused in this I don't know - I can't believe they saw the script before signing. They certainly apply their skills with commitment - I felt so sorry for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh with a lady cartoon bag costume and a wig trying in vain to snatch something meaningful from the sketchy dialogues and clichés. On the contrary, in some ways, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to offer a coherent, nuanced and real performance. Can anyone give this man a major role of substance, please? And how about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You would think that the industry could make better use of him and not appear as hirsute as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My vote? An asshole, that's fine, but no connection to heaven.
