When an attempt is made to assassinate the Emir of Ohtar, an Arab potent who visits Washington, D.C., his life is saved by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity and as a reward she is offered a job for the Protocol Section of the US State Department. However, unknown to her, State Department officials who offer her the job have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map that we see shows Ohtar lying on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in an area of ​​arid desert known as Rub al-Khali or Empty Quarter. In real life a state in this position would have a population practically zero, and practically zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we must accept that Ohtar has immense strategic importance in the Cold War and that the American government, which are eager to build a military base there, they must do everything possible to maintain the good side of his housekeeper. It emerges that the Emir took a liking to the attractive young woman who saved him and reached an agreement with the State Department; they can have their base as long as they can have Sunny as the latest addition to their harem. Sunny's new work is just a ploy to guarantee the Emir more opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> A plot like this could have been the occasion for some hilarious satire, but in reality the satirical content of the film is rather muted. Perhaps in 1984 the American public was not in the right mood for the searing satire on their country's foreign policy; this was, after all, the year in which Ronald Reagan brought forty-nine out of fifty states in the presidential election and his hard line with the Soviet Union was clearly coming down well with the voters. (If the film had been made a couple of years later, in the wake of the Iran / Contra case, its tone could have been different). <br /> <br /> The film is not so much a satire as a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show its brand of cuteness and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character: cute, sweet, naive and not too bright. There is, however, a limit to how far you can go with the cuteness and charm alone, and you can't automatically make a bad movie one by just making the protagonist a stupid blonde. (Actually, it sounds more like a recipe for making a good bad movie). Goldie does her best to save this, but she never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which his character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent Oregon country girl. On the other hand is a 35-year-old woman who works in a shabby bar and wears a revealing costume. The effect is rather like imagining Rebecca from Sunnybrook Farm grown up and working like a bunny. <br /> <br /> The most important reason why Goldie is not able to save this film is also the best comic or comedian is no better than his material and the "Protocol" are simply not funny. Whatever the humor there is tired and tense, based on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who, apparently, crave all Western women, especially if they are blond and blue-eyed. There was a lot of this stuff in the mid-eighties, as this was the period when they also saw the horrible Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski "Harem" movie about a lascivious Middle Eastern ruler who kidnaps a young woman American, and the homonymous miniseries that told a story almost identical with a period setting. The directors seem to have understood that their film would not work as a mere comedy, because towards the end it turns into a sort of "Mr Smith Goes to Washington" of the last days. Sunny transforms herself from a blond child into a source of political wisdom and starts uttering all sorts of banalities on Democracy and Constitution and on the citizens' duty to vote and We The People and how the Price of Freedom is Eternal Vigilance bla bla bla? ??? , but in reality the film is no more successful as a political parable than as a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has made a series of good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Housesitter", but "Protocol" is not one of these, I have not seen all his films , but of those I've seen this play is by far the worst.
