This film wants to elaborate that criminals are a product of modern society. So, thieves, rapists and murderers (the Killer of this film, Carl Panzram (James Woods), is all three and worse) can they be held fully responsible for their actions? An interesting notion, but very difficult to bring to the screen in an intellectually and emotionally satisfying way. And here is where Killer: A Journal of Murder falls very short. Although the film seeks to put Panzram's behavior into perspective, with flashbacks to his violent youth and dysfunctional education, the viewer never has the idea that Panzram is a victim rather than a culprit. Of course, the system is corrupt, with a mafioso occupying the entire infirmary of the Leavenworth prison (where most of the film takes place), most of the prison guards are sadistic bullies and the prison director something like a megalomaniac despot . But why does the new prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard) get so busy with Panzram? Even after reading his gruesome journals? The film offers some explanations: Minor witnesses Panzram is beaten to a pulp by the most sadistic (and stereotyped) guard, and is impressed by Panzram's intelligence (although it is not clear why Exactly thinks this man is so clever). Surely this is not enough to sympathize with a hostile man like Panzram, even though this film tends to minimize his crimes and highlight his personality? To Lesser, Panzram is quite loyal, and the viewer is given the impression that for Lesser this overcomes all the atrocities he read in Panzram's diaries. Does this Lesser man have so few friends that he takes all those who seem remotely friendly to him? Perhaps it is Lesser that is a product of modern society, judging by appearance rather than substance. <br /> <br /> I can recommend Monster, with Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci, as a film that treats roughly the same themes with more integrity and purpose. <br /> <br /> BTW: Killer seems to have been shot for TV (not so good)
