Using tons of footage, not only from Trader Horn, but also the first two films in the series (for example the alligator fight was last used), this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series. It's a huge disappointment after the classic Tarzan and his companion who is perhaps the best film in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot has Jane's cousins ​​entering the jungle to tell her that she inherited a fortune if she comes back to claim it I'm a little tied up since the relative who left her the money cut them off out of the will. Assuming a great white hunter, who secretly wishes to capture Tarzan and sell it, the couple head for the jungle where they run into the usual jungle woes (also because of the archive material). After many words, Jane decides to return to civilization and we get long sequences of Tarzan and Jame making a kissing face. Finally in the last half hour the plot to capture Tarzan is set in motion and things finally become interesting while the plans go wrong and things seem very dark for all concerned .. <br /> <br /> The painful film and opaque is a clear demonstration of a troubled production. the film seems to have been assembled from several films with the first half hour played as an almost exact repetition of the previous film. The middle third shows signs of having to lengthen things and have plot lines that eventually went nowhere. The last third in which Tarzan is captured and the party is endangered is the point at which the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that caused much of the need to shoot the film). For me it is a great wonder how the series has managed to continue from here because this film is not very good (except at the end). It would be difficult to explain, except that I should say that it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane that prevented people from returning. It's a beautifully performed pair and it's really one of the screens of great couples. <br /> <br /> (I should probably also say that this is the point that the film has become less real and more fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan tree house). I don't really like the first hour of this movie and I find it a great waste of time and energy. If you can enter towards the end I suggest you try the movie. Otherwise I'd like to skip the entire movie and move on to the next movie in the series.
