In the small American town of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb's advert for this character is wrong, it's definitely Dr. Blake, not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous "Psychological Research Institute" and local television program called "Independent thinkers ". Use this T.V. to hypnotize spectators and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a large brain with a wicked face that uses the spinal cord as a tail thing. Usually the brain is sitting in a tank, it eats mice and the strange bad actor, every time he eats someone becomes much bigger. Meanwhile, Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) was surprised to put Sodium down in the toilets at the big local but somewhat problematic teenager. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake by the PRI for help with his attitude and behavioral problems. While Dr. Blake connects Jim, well, something I'm not sure what. Whatever it is, it is connected to the brain. At the beginning, Jim is able to resist the mental control of the brain. The brain thinks that Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. Once out of the PRI, Jim starts having strange hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim arrives at his maid Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but is sent back to Dr. Blake Verna's (George Buza) assistant shortly after by Agent Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one capable of resisting his mind control techniques, and with the "Independent Thinkers" who become national the brain doesn't want anything or anyone to stop his evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly understands that the brain is controlling the entire city and he alone must stop the brain before it conquers the world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Ed Hunt whose name is Edward Hunt here, the Brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong, because it's certainly not even nice. Barry Pearson's screenplay proves a stab at satire with brainwashing and mind control of T.V. It moves at a right pace and is not too boring. No explanation is given for the existence of the brain, it is only there and that is how we must accept it. The story is a little uncertain and never completely explores a single element, there is mind control of the TV, the brain itself, Jim was hunted by the police and his misconduct and various other little pieces here and there including a bizarre revelation concerning Dr. Blake that is not explained at all. As for production, this film looks cheap, and probably was cheap. The acting isn't great but I've seen worse, and what is David Gale doing in this? Actually this role is similar to the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even until the death of his character in both films. The brain itself first sits in a tank and starts growing every time it eats someone and in the end it is quite large. Each phase is made only of rubber. It doesn't look particularly good and it's not scary or scary, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it except for a blink of an eye and you will miss the beheading. Nudity is provided by Dr. Blake's assistant Viviana (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she is eaten. The brain had some entertainment value for me, but I thought most people wouldn't like it. Perhaps it is worth looking at if you can see it on T.V. for free.
