To say that Thunderbirds is a horrid, forced, face-to-face, ugly, ugly to listen to and painful watching movie wouldn't say enough. There are only two reasons why I can think about why you watch this movie: 1; you saw Thunderbirds when you were young (like I did) and you're curious to know how it is, but in reality you'll just be watching to find out how badly they have ruined everything. O, 2; you're seeing him with someone under ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to pull up everything it tries. The list goes on and on, but there are other more subtle and humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the outside, Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral and "objective" message is heartbreaking: Jeff Tracy (A new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan that he has not yet proven to be a Thunderbird after Alan has casually and stupidly decided to get off in The Bowels of Tracy Island to shoot Thunderbird One. The entire film is therefore a series of events and miss-fires consisting of Alan trying to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in the space aboard Thunderbird Five. <br /> <br /> The film is based on actors to bring the film: Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16, Tin Tin (Hudgens) aged 16 and Fermat (Fulton) aged 14, son of Brains. To say that looking at the "adventures" that one arrives is painful is a euphemism. Often trying to recite and use the script while fighting the evil "Hood" (Kingsley) in ridiculously un-amusing and lovable ways acts like entertainment for the duration of the film; it differs only when everyone is in a different position. Also, the whole "mind control" thing was very tiring and practically dragged the film because it was abused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in The Hood ?? forced and incidental. <br /> <br /> I know that most children's movies these days try to incorporate some sort of adult material, but in Thunderbirds it is made to fetishize Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's not a case that she's a little bigger than the rest of the kids ?? at 24, it's almost too good to be true. His scenes are often very full and carry an erotic drive. We see her in the bathtub, the bubbles around her neck watching TV; the butler arrives and peeps while he seductively changes the canals with his wet foot, naked and covered with bubbles. Frequent shots of her huge bright pink high-heeled shoes that fill the screen during various scenes: this happens for the first time when she is actually tied to the second success during a punch fight with another woman! Twinned with this, his bright pink costumes that reveal just enough and cover just enough are particularly exceptional as is the way he moves and speaks with that elegant and dominant English accent; sounding like a dominant mistress (well, she's LADY Penelope after all and you'd better call her that) The whole thing is ridiculous but the editing is so fast that the kids won't notice but it's sure what the hell is there. <br /> <br /> The real plot of The Hood that does everything it does just to rob some banks is very bizarre, the characters that are its bodyguards: a geeky-looking woman and a black man from hard body that gets very upset. Should we laugh at this? What about the fight scenes? Poor choreographed stunts and what the hell was with silly noises? It is absolutely, absolutely ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list may continue. The way Bill Paxton plays everything so seriously, as if he were told they were doing it one way, but another was done, in the way that the Ford car brand slapped their logo everywhere. News: sponsored by Ford, the camera also moves to approve Ford several times when cars are in range, the way the CGI looks like something out of a video game video clip ?? it's maddening. The fact that we are told to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the frost of the Thames, against the tide, save a downed monorail (monorail on the Thames!?), Return to the hatch and so; save the day all the time holding your breath. Is he an absolute bull and do producers know this? I don't even know if a 10-year-old would swallow him. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is maddening, not funny, badly programmed and even the Rolls Royce has been removed and replaced by a flying machine ?? everything that could go wrong went wrong.
