The original Thunderbirds have earned a place in TV history. He was, and still is, much loved - in fact, the first 10 minutes of the film Wallace and Gromit (the Wererabbit) are a direct passage from Thunderbirds, to a direct replay of the original Thunderbird 2 launch sequence (if not Believe me, take the movie, and then get a copy of the original episode in which Thunderbird 2 was launched. <br /> <br /> This film was a gross attempt to create a film for children - when the original was loved and appreciated by children and adults! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology did horrible wrongs (yes, there was also some occasional criminal act). at risk their lives and resources without any reward: the very essence of heroism and disinterest, there was little physical violence, the Thunderbird challenged the imagination to a certain extent: how many of us would dream of a day to build a Thunderbird 2? And don't underestimate the power of entertainment to do so - many Japanese attribute their charm to humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon. <br /> <br /> But this film was a poor re-image of the original. This film was born as a fusion of Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as Brain who imitates Porky Pig's stutter ????? Much of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Rangers fights. In fact, there were fun sound effects when someone was nailed to the head with a pan. The technology that fired our imagination was absent - instead we have these children running around, using a weft device that was NEVER in the original series (making the whole team take off at once, leaving the base occupied by children and the Brain). Then there was a dose of "Use the Force Luke" mysticism when TinTin would have levitated something or another, combined with The Hood using aerodynamics that seemed to have been raised by "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". The only thing missing was that The Hood played "TinTin, I am your Uncle" with a breath mask voice. The heart that made Thunderbirds unique was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot was Ron Cook's portrait of Parker - he understood it perfectly. But the actress who plays Lady Penelope came across as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone puts out something that was popular for a fan, and expects fans to pay money to watch, and then offers something that wasn't even close to what fans expect - well, I'm sorry, it's just WRONG! OK, so if they were making a children's movie - well - next time you distribute it directly to the video, where many of them belong. But don't pack something in a familiar wrapper and change the innards.
