'Thunderbirds' was a spectacle of the sixties immensely popular that has transcended the years and generations to the point that it is still so popular today, both with adults and with children, as it was in its heyday. Thus, it would be inferred that the possibility of producing a live action movie with a budget of millions of pounds in Hollywood was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as was done with "Spider-Man" and "The X-Men ". But a terrible plot and bland acting have erased this opportunity and it was immediately evident that all that was destined for this film was a journey into the abyss of the children's section. <br /> <br /> Instead of a film centered on five children Tracey, their father and trusty geek Brain who tries to save people and protect the world from the bad, our hero in this flogger is a thirteen year old and irritable Alan Tracey, fourteen-year-old Tin-tin and ten-year-old Brain, Fermat, son of Brains (yes, son of Brains although he was a man who surely could never have scored a woman if he tried, maybe he had raised the child in a Petri dish). As can be seen from a run-through of our three protagonists, this 2004 remake 'Thunderbirds' was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under twelve instead of trying to attract a wide age group like those involved in the much higher revival of "Spider-Man" did. The plot itself was so insipid with awkward, embarrassing and weak jokes that it probably wouldn't have amused the brighter pre-teens. The writer seemed more interested in tearing "Spy Kids" (which was at least original and original) instead of remaking the show that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were as excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they only had about three lines between them so their presence was barely felt. Jeff Tracey of Bill Paxton was simply boring and there was only the slightest hint of Tracey's four other guys, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, respectively as Brains and the Hood, were simply embarrassing. The Hood, in particular, is not at all threatening or sinister, but instead looks like a stereotyped country villain, two-bit, limping like a rotting piece of lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, could be a good young actor, but it was difficult to see him in a film in which he plays a brat who scratches himself and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin since the most it can do is look pretty and be everything to 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it is the young Fermat of Soren Fulton who is the only interesting character in the film as Fulton offers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> 'Thunderbirds' series will be remembered forever as an excellent show that proves puppets can perform solidly! The 'Thunderbirds' movie will be forgotten by most and remembered by some as a great flop.
