I always thought that the biggest box office flop usually has something to recommend, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I begin to doubt it. For those not familiar, it is based on a puppet show on a family of astronauts that uses cutting-edge rockets, spaceships and submarines to save people from various disasters (falling bridges, hit planes, burning buildings, etc.). week. Well, the puppets have disappeared (replaced by teenagers much more lifeless), and so is the premise: only an inept rescue and a shamelessly torn plot at Spy Kids without any sign of imagination, spirit or entertainment. The young Alan Tracey feels excluded from all the help that we never see the other Traceys doing because Dad won't let him play with a real rocket until he passes the exams. Founded on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!), Its chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a group of bleaching identikits that resemble a neo-Nazi gay group without a single hint of characterization - are stuck in space and he must have the day from, uh, run in the jungle, make a phone call, shoot a tube at the bad inept comedy in relief and wetting them with gunk for a bad measure. <br /> <br /> The positive points are few and far between. One of these is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is that everyone has to go to the Seychelles, which is nice. <br /> <br /> Negative points: where to start? Ben Kingsley's starring career? The aforementioned comrades relevant inept comedy who would put the Children's Film Foundation to shame in the worst case scenario? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70 million sci-fi movie? The terrible script, the lifeless direction, the hateful moralism? But above all the fact that the film is so condescending in every way possible. Forget life lessons and the feeling of pegging, this is a film directed at under-eights by people who know they are making a children's movie and are constantly talking to their audience, throwing fifth-speed jokes and routines that would have insulted most of the children who had only recently learned the art of the word. This film could replace the possibility of being sent to bed early without dinner as a favorite parental punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in the history of British cinema (it didn't even cover the costs of printing and marketing), it's simply watchable just like a lesson on how NOT to make a summer movie.
