Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when he doesn't direct a family film, a good director. But in reality, he should not have directed this film and the script should have been rejected. The director and screenwriters need to understand what the original TV show really consisted of, who the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes with razor-sharp writing using a good dialogue and with situations that American producers would never have considered using in children's programming, much less a film, which made the original series so well received by adults. I mean, the Tracys were graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters killed, even though most were bad. If they had written it the way it was originally done, which does not detract from discussions with poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and a weak storyline, this joint venture between Universal and Studio Canal would not have had such negative reviews. <br /> <br /> This film is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, even going so far as to say that Lady Penelope was riding in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird rigged as FAB-1 instead of using what it would have been more appropriate considering Mrs Penelope's station (not to mention the fact that it is more faithful to the original), a FOLL-ROG-1 FOLLA-ROYCE. It should be a distinguished member of British society, hence the preference for England's best car brand in the original series. Another reviewer here indicated that Penelope would not be surprised in a Ford. You are right in the context that the idea of ​​driving on a Ford does not work. At least they could have had Penelope ride in a Jaguar invented as FAB 1 since Jaguar is a British car that is owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use a straight FORD! But Ford product placement does not end there. EVERY single car you could see is a Ford! Even the flash news that is shown on the televisions in the film have been sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The predominance of Ford vehicles makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and is still ahead of its time today. But the futuristic design of the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized in excess, negating the sense of functionality and practicality. A lot of things that have been done in the design of the film have been done strictly for the style, many times without any sense of function to give this style a sense of reason. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on good acting performances of vocal talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets, animating them in the episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and lively soundtrack helped further connect the audience to the story, the characters and the way it all came together to achieve the super objective (a bit of conversation with Stanislavskij). The film, on the other hand, has had some excessive performance. Anthony Edwards exaggerated with Brains, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy did not work despite decent acting (one of the few), there were better choices for Ben Kingsley's Hood and many others that I don't care to mention (it would take too long). Quite simply, the puppets were more credible! The second was the overly generic and overwhelming soundtrack by Hans Zimmer, which looks more like a mix between "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course the hood. The hood of the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an ESP contact point. But that was where his extraordinary ability ended. He is a master of disguise and deceit, which allows him to steal around (mostly, anyway) to gather information on Thunderbirds vehicles for his own means. He also uses weapons for his defense, including guns, and generally collects information using a camera, although he tried to steal the Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 birds in the '60s of "Thunderbird 6" (which was the last show of the Thunderbird shot in Supermarionation and was the second thunderbirds theatrical release). But, while he is a nemesis of International Rescue, Hood is not the villain in every episode of Thunderbirds and tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the film, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to behave more like idiots, along with the hood that has an extensive capacity for mental control, including the ability to move objects and fly around for short periods of time. This totally deviates from Hood as a character of the original series, with one that could make children laugh and people who are familiar with the series that scratch their heads in confusion or leave the theater disgusted. <br /> <br /> There are other criticisms, but the limit of 1000 words for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list them all. So, I'll close with the idea that I didn't like this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! Having seen the original series and the Supermarionation films (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something much better. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce. (And he's saying it well.) - Kip Wells
