I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series - the books are written at a 6th grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While the books manage to remain faithful to the Scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Furthermore, the books have an unmistakable tone of preaching that will extinguish the unbelievers instead of bringing them to the gospel. However, I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason, I saw this film adaptation. I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film bordering on the poor. The acting is actually pretty decent for the most part with occasional fragments of poor acting and over-acting. The script is pretty ugly, even if it's not at all unexpected when you start with the novel as a base. The characters are poorly designed and underdeveloped. Events feel scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes seems rushed. At least the book has managed to flesh out its conspiracy theory. Here, the viewer is left with an incoherent disorder that makes sense only if one has read the book. Even the rhythm of the film was performed very badly, with the opening and the conclusion that seem extremely hasty, and the center dragging on to a terribly slow bustle that makes it feel stuffed. Music is schizophrenic. Sometimes, it successfully emphasizes the mood and sounds suitable for a film. At other times, it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series music. And still other bits remind me of a poppy-colored MTV soundtrack that does not belong to the film. I can give the points of the film for the panic scene on board the plane, but that's it. The other scenes involving disasters after the Rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from the preaching of the book, although its message is not entirely similar to your face. Overall, I found the film equally disappointing in the series. This is not the film to gather Christians around it. I hope this movie will NOT attract attention in cinemas next year. Negative publicity for Christianity would be more useless. For an example of a compelling, intelligent, well-studied series based on Revelation that presents a realistic and Christian world view without offending the secular reader (which in the end should be what a Christian is trying to achieve) read the Christ Clone trilogy by James BeauSeigneur. It is a good read and is a much better choice for non-believers or believers who value quality.
