Never before have the motives of the producers of a film been more transparent. Let's see: IN THE FIRST PLACE, they make sure that every televangelist is willing to beat this film as the most beautiful thing since he cut white bread. NEXT, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film in order to recover its paltry production costs and increase the advertising budget. AND FINALLY, when the film arrives in the cinemas, ask how many more Christians can see it again, bring them to the multiplexes if necessary, NOT about the film itself, but because the opening at the box office # 1 will be seen as a kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But THIS, of course, will not be enough. I imagine that any film critic with the audacity to give "Left Behind" to something less than a bright review will be considered "anti-Christian". <br /> <br /> Of course, this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. After all, it's good old capitalism at work. What surprises me is the number of people who have been sucked into the whole "Left Behind" mentality. As someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with a certain sense of reason and rationality, he lets me scratch my head. It would seem that there are many, MANY people who truly believe that a "Rapture" will occur in the near future, and that millions of people across the Earth will simultaneously disappear IN THIN AIR. In what kind of reality, I wonder, do these people live? Is this "Rapture" something they actually believe in, or is it something they long for? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "Rapture" has not happened, will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people in 100 years who insist that the "Rapture" is imminent? <br /> <br /> In a sense, I would almost like to have such an event! What an interesting day it would be! What would be even more interesting is whether the Apocalypse should have appeared more spectacularly, not in the anthropological sense that the authors of the "Left Behind" series have portrayed, but as more than a production by Stephen Spielberg, with hot clouds, trumpets angels coming down from the sky, the moon turned into blood, the whole nine meters. Imagine arriving at the realization that everything is coming true, just as the evangelists had felt for years, and that there was something more fantastic than the simple, cold, hard physical reality in which we live. Wouldn't THIS be something ??? <br /> <br /> And yet, ultimately, it is that cold, hard, physical reality with which I am content. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of a "Rapture" and the "End Times" to make sense of everything ... nor do I need Heaven or Hell to corrupt or make me behave in a way decent, thank you very much.
