It's been a while since I saw it the first time, so I watched it again with the second film in the series. While I realize that there is a third film that I have not yet seen, I will review it under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only from the point of view of the value of production, writing on screen and creation of movies, this film fails on many levels, although it also succeeds on some. What can you expect from a low budget "B" movie? Not much, and it works from a production point of view. However, writing is certainly disjointed, with little character development ... exactly what I would expect when there is a movie program. I had no problems with acting ... the cast is solid; however, the script in both films offers actors few opportunities to really stretch themselves. Given that the film is "Christian", this is predictable, since the violent chaos of the "end times" cannot be described very well without breaking even the ethics normally associated with Christianity. In other words, the error consists in making this a movie with a G rating when the content, even in the most conservative of biblical interpretations, will be evaluated based on any measure. So if the purpose of the film is to scare people into the Christian faith, then the film should be pretty scary, right? However, it is not possible to comment on a film adaptation from a book without commenting on the book, or in this case, series of books. There are certainly many Christian materials worthy of being turned into films ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these films fail because, despite being best-sellers, they are badly written novels based on bad theology. <br /> <br /> As Minister of the Southern Baptist, I confess that the books were a guilty pleasure for me, although I have yet to finish the last two books in the series. I described them as a decent fiction, and if the books had the point of view that this is a "possibility" or interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (study of "end times"), then I could live with that. this series is divisive in Christian circles because it promotes the "literalist" interpretation of all Scripture above a more appropriate hermeneutics, which inevitably leads to the "pre-tribal, pre-millennial" point of view, which confines a whole God powerful too much for the world of humanity In other words, as I have always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to do his last job, but because many people, especially Christians not studied, cannot think outside of world views, we are left with a fundamentalist and conservative attitude towards the interpretation of the Bible, and we try to make it as "the only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> So, books carry with them an agenda, not so much to get the "lost" to understand their need for Christ, but to affirm that the fundamentalist point of view is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly the reading (several years ago) in the second novel of a scene in which the characters refer to a person who was "left behind" WHY of his non-adherence to this point of view; as if the "real" Christians worthy of being "kidnapped" could not possess another eschatology. This is disturbing for several reasons, the least of which is due to the fact that a "kidnapping" is only briefly mentioned in the Scriptures and that the connection with the real-time prophecy is rather tenuous. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books comes the way they divide the Christian community and the way they portray "true" Christian behavior. Ultimately, I feel that they harden more people towards an otherwise legitimate faith / religion instead of getting people to do it. It turns all Christians into caricatures, equally disdained and derided by the world, despite the fact that there is theological space for a wide variety of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, on the whole, we've done enough of that kind of damage to society in over 2000 years of history ... and we certainly don't need to promote it with cinema to thousands, maybe millions of others. <br /> <br /> So, the films "Left Behind" fail because the "Left Behind" books are not worthy of being interpreted in the films.
