The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the wilderness of Alaska and begins as a relative of a deceased murderer occultist Lumberjack spells law (the style of The Evil Dead (1982)) from an ancient spellbook in an attempt to resurrect it, succeeds and not a great believer in the family unit the Lumberjack guy kills his relative. Two days later and Ray (Travis Quentin Young) with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends stop in front of a cozy cabin (the Evil Dead style ...) with a view of a relaxing weekend in the wild nature. Unfortunately the show of the homicidal Lumberjack guy gets on with his ax and starts to massacre his friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Published, written, produced and directed by Todd Portugal, this is an unscrupulous modern movie bully like me who are killing the horror genre for me, I'm not a big fan of low-budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a holiday video. The script is absolutely terrible in every way for 80 minutes, it has all the wrong clichés, the characters are horrible, the dialogues are terrible and it's hard to take care of anyone or anything in this worthless excuse for a teenage movie. The boys are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is more stupid, predictable and imperfect than usual and the killer guy from Lumberjack is just lame. Then there are the last 10 minutes that, if you get that far and believe it's hard, produce one of the worst goals that end up in the history of slasher movies, which as far as I am concerned, amuses the paying audience that has. I only had to spend 90 minutes of shit. Now I'll ruin the ending so that anyone who doesn't want to know, stop reading now. In practice, shortly before the end of the film, Ray tells a story and discovers that he was telling the story of what we had just seen and Nick & Dawn and all the others scolded him for telling such a bad story (I heard their pain) and then proceed to collect holes and laugh at it. From saying why they were hanging around and arguing, why they didn't take the ax and stuff like that, I felt like I was making fun of the audience while those were the things I wondered as I watched this shit and put down my throat and I made it perfectly clear that the producers knew that the script was crap and could see all the holes in it and made a final round that brazenly touches the previous 80 minutes (which we simply had to remember) is just a small grid. Then to add insult to injury, the Lumberjack guy turns around and kills everyone in two minutes, why didn't he get started? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The Portuguese director turns into a real mess, this has the worst continuity between night and day in a film I've ever seen. The entire film is designed to set it at night and I suspect the producers tried to use the process day by night, but it didn't work and most seem to be set up during the day. For example, watch when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and she climbs out of the window. It is clearly pitch dark when we look out of the bathroom, but when it falls to the ground and the films cut an external shot, it is a bright light. Then there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can't have a research party here until the "morning" indicating that it must have been night, then a few minutes later when he walks out and it seems to be half the day he is in actually carrying around a torch that is clearly lit and is clearly pointing it in the directions where it seems to be night. Whenever there is a scene set in the cabin, look at the windows, it's pitch dark outside and when the Ranger comes through the door to start it's another clear example. The continuity in this film is simply the worst I've ever seen. There is not much blood, there are some scenes of an ax that enter people's bodies but nothing memorable. It's not scary, there's no tension or atmosphere and the frightening daytime and nighttime continuity is so distracted because it's so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is basic, again the continuity between night and day must be seen to be believed how bad it is. The special effects are scarce and they could not even afford to blow up a car, even though it is quite vital to the plot. This has an amateur hour written all over the place from start to finish. The acting is absolutely brilliant and all the people involved should get an Oscar, nah just kidding, they weren't really terrible and even the girls who had their tits weren't very nice. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a terrible movie for boys, it looks like it was shot on a video camera without the use of a tripod or steadycam, it has terrible effects, it is boring and has an ending that it is the most offensive in the history of horror films or I have completely failed and it is the most intelligent. Not recommended, look at a decent slasher from the 70s or 80s to remember how they should be made.
