I must say right away that I checked the spoiler box just because I'm giving this comment the amount of thought proportional to what this movie mess deserves, and I don't want to be held accountable for some point in the plot that unfortunately slips away. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, after having just watched it, and the unique effect that this has rendered incapable of that kind of the premeditation and the structure of the paragraph are necessary for a coherent and reasoned criticism. This is not a compliment. It is not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or provocative film. The feelings that it unleashes are combined as a bit embarrassed emotional Voltron, composed by a confused mix of some form of anger, the vague desire to take a shower, the feeling of fear of a true betrayal that is obtained when they realize having given 109 minutes of their lives in the hands of someone who will not only waste it, but will do it so pompously and without art. And I probably wouldn't have done anything super productive with those 109 minutes anyway! But even if I spent on something trivial, like a power block of masturbation and online poker, I would have felt more satisfied when all was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this film are myriad and in better times I articulated exactly what they were in a semi-adult way. But in line with what this film deserves, I think most likely I will join the realm of masturbation jokes and comic book references. <br /> <br /> The most irritating and terminal flaw is that while watching this film you are acutely aware that producers and participants think they are making a film that is much smarter than they are. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge that can be grasped in a one-semester survey of Western art history in a college or business school, artistic jargon is crammed on all sides and largely provided by talks among our hero , tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, whom I will forgive for this film due to the fact that he is Willem Dafoe) and his acclaimed antique dealer Blair (Peter Stormare, taking a break from the role of a sociopath for whom murder is easy by playing a three-dimensional plot device in a film about a sociopath for whom murder is easy). And they talk to them. In fact, we are dropped into this story on a crime scene that could indicate the re-emergence of a serial killer that Stan thinks he killed years before, so the whole story behind it is established partly through an unclear flashback, but mainly through the conversations between Stan and his dealer, or Stan and his colleague, the unforgivably irritating Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I distinguish the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays it using parentheses, I must admit that very early in the film I despised the character so much that I found myself sincerely desiring to hurt the actor who portrays (Scott Speedman). It's nothing too elegant. Not death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I'm not changing it because I want to leave it to anyone reading this who thinks they are paying to see this ruined train of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible desires and feelings it arouses even in the most tranquil man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm a little short on steam here ... during the writing of this, the sick feelings that this movie aroused in me have diminished, my head has cleared a little . Understand now that I'm still investing time in something like this piece of sh! T is surprisingly similar to waking up after a night of heavy suicide alcohol alongside the panting form of a £ 200 college student. Your first wish is a desperate desire to escape. This is natural.
