Originally I gave this episode a rating of two: now I wish I had thought more. I would also like them to have negative evaluation options. <br /> <br /> Looking at him, I was amazed at how scarce everything was from start to finish. I love Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong ?? Last season's episode 13 was pulled because of the way he handled the abortion problem. I think Mr. Carpenter managed to create something so gray this season that he can't immediately see if it's pro-choice or anti-abortion. Only after sitting and thinking about this, I realized that it is very anti-abortion- you understand it very clearly at the end when the "Mother" shoots the child and kills him, much to the dismay of the "Father", who goes away from pain leaving the mother unharmed. But you also see it in the way Ron P.'s character is treated. - I don't think that if someone has proved enough of a threat in the past to have a restraining order against him that the police wouldn't immediately ring. Instead we have the guard who cares for him sympathetically (just to pay for it in the end) I don't care that someone has a strong vision of something, even if it's not something I agree on, but I think it's a Non-Permit to endure that point of view, rather than trying to seem like they are sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But aside from political issues, this episode went far beyond that. The music was 70s retro and just didn't work. The acting (different from Ron P.) was poor. The effects were terrible: it would have been better to just not show the monster at all than show the weak excuse for a monster they had. <br /> <br /> All this said, I am glad that they have the Masters of Horror - I don't care to have seen some really poor episodes to find the good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies from the video store - sometimes you get a good one and it's worth it. I agree with the poster that said that perhaps the name must change from Masters, some of these people simply do not deserve the title. (Allow me to point out that, although I hate this episode, John Carpenter TOTALLY deserves the title: he is a master thru and thru)
