I went to a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes I rushed and picked some. I came across "Masters of Horror" which contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They looked OK, old horror-type crap, but for some reason I was interested. He told Pro-Life about the case of being a classic, a return to form for John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought it would be nice) and all the rest. So I turned it on, thinking it would be something beautiful and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started randomly, just a girl running through a forest, scared of something. A car stops and takes her in her arms (so much so that they are the people she needed to see, unbelievable?) They take her back to some clinic and examine her, at the same time everything that's happening her father appears at the door and they don't leave enter, it is not strong near the area. Most likely from something he would have done in the past, but at the moment nothing is known about this. He really doesn't want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is very strongly against such acts, believing that it is disgusting and not what "God" would like. "Support" what I heard is called "Pro-Life". Acting against abortions and going to extremes to allow children to be born, they are sick. They don't like the life of an unborn child, yet have they killed humans in the past to allow birth? Justice is only a fruit of the mind. However, back on the track, after the girl has been examined, they find her pregnant, but far ahead of what she should be. She has only been pregnant for a few weeks, but has months in advance. She keeps telling them that they won't understand her, and that she wants an abortion and everything, but in the end she tells the truth that she was raped by a demon from hell, and that her father wants this child (but she believes "God" wants this child, not who he really does). He gets his 3 children (they arm themselves with pistols and shotguns) and start letting them into the clinic (knocking down anyone who won't cooperate). The head of the clinic, who must have had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. He ends up killing one of the Child Sons, but is eventually fired a couple of times (wearing a bulletproof jacket). The Father then performs what he believes is done to women. Cut a hole, where the Vagina would be if he were a female, and spit a kind of sucking up there and suck all this blood. While all this happens, the girl gives birth to a demonic child with many legs, and some Demons rise from under the Earth (not in the same room) and start looking for her baby. The Father sees him later and begins to wonder why it happened, he did what he was told to do and he does not understand why it is so. The Demon had killed both his Sons before, and now he goes to Father ... While the girl kills the child, and the Demon takes him away (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, it probably sounds very nice, and an electrifying horror film, but it is not. The acting is horrible and lacks enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not even rely on them; all that is put together, all the small parts, do not even add something great, a waste of time. I would not classify this as a Horror, although it has elements of Horror, eventually failing in what they try to succeed. It looked more like a short film "Beginners" than from John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information and detailed review, I didn't have time to waste writing something exciting. I'm sorry even if my spelling and details are incorrect, I couldn't really be bothered to research anything.
