I couldn't wait to see the John Carpenter episode in season two because his first, Cigarette Burns, was by far the best of the first season (and I liked other episodes of that season). Oh, how disappointed I was. <br /> <br /> In all honesty with Carpenter, I think the main problem with this episode was the absolutely horrible writing. The characters, apart from the subject, seemed to behave and talk as if they were written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually like Ron Perlman a lot, but I can only blame them so much because the writing was so horrible. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do because it would have been useless, but they seemed to be trying to mix horror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, not surprisingly, it seemed an opportunity to strike a certain variety or religious peanuts as well as anti-abortion fanatics. And I support both goals, but it was done so horribly that I was embarrassed to see the characters acting and talking so stupidly and incoherently. This totally failed to offer any useful opinion on the subjects and the horror element failed along with such inept writing. <br /> <br /> Although I don't think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the nastiness here I will say he has chosen to direct the teleplay and is therefore responsible. There are a couple of small parts that I found beautiful, so the 2 stars I gave. <br /> <br /> The gore and monster effects were good, but the CGI gore (two separate gun shots to the head) were so obviously CGI of inferior quality that they should never have given the OK. I'm generally very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with running it. Technology, as surprising as it may be in some respects, is not good enough to match the "real" effects, be they miniature or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and / or alive, and therefore should not be used until when they are not. CGI can be used well in small quantities or, of course, if the whole film is animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to note that the show's title, Masters of Horror, is a bad title. There are simply not many real "masters of horror" around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Tale of Horror" or something like that it would be fine. But as it is the criterion for directing one of these episodes, and therefore being criticized for not being a "horror master" is that they directly have at least one horror film in their career. And it didn't even have to be good.
