The London Underground has something intrinsically disturbing, with its long winding tunnels, escalators that take you deeper and deeper into the underground, and of course the mice that roam the slopes. It is a source of wonder that is not used more often in horror movies. Deathline aka Raw Meat was used in the horror of the seventies, with a cannibal tribe living in a disused tunnel and the famous pursuit sequence in American Werewolf in London. So I was pleased to see that someone else tried to exploit the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent British production of Creep. <br /> <br /> I thought the film started well, with a very effective sequence of credits that was really unnerving, followed by a scene in the sewers that establishes the premise that there is something evil lurking under the streets from London. Anyway, Creep went downhill from here, and I found myself wishing I'd turned it off after this opening scene, leaving me with a good impression of the movie. All the characters become insensitive and unlikely, even powerful, and the director felt the need to hit us in the head with a social commentary on the homeless. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, where he stops being frightened at a distance and reveals his name is Craig. How can you get a monster called Craig? It becomes an X Files type thing and remembers one of the Tombs episodes. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to introduce themselves and fix them all for me. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous sexual violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally useless. It seems to be there only to shock the public rather than for any intrinsic value of the plot. The problem is that it's so exaggerated and horrible that it actually makes you insensitive to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake since it's only halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> So here you are. The only saving feature of the film for me was a rare appearance by Ken Campbell, one of my favorite casual actors. You don't see it very often, but when it's on the screen, it puts everyone else in a corner. Casting as a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only one evident in the film.
