For some reason, between the late 1970s and early 1980s, the local CBS-affiliated New Yorker continued to play this movie late at night, Friday or Saturday night for several years, usually at 2:00 or at a similar time. It is a film suitable for that time slot because it is really difficult to follow and rather strange (see the other reviews for specific information on the story). However, after meeting him several times in those days just before the cable TV (and even after hitting him but before offering a lot of programming all night), I kept capturing this little quirk. After not having seen it for many years I decided to see if I could find it on DVD. Well, it's only available (from any research I've conducted anyway) in a rather grainy and grainy print on the "Brentwood Video" label of the budget as part of a package of 4 films (4 films on 2 double discs) side) called "Alien Worlds" if someone is interested. It is usually available for around $ 10, but also a lot less if you shop. The other 3 films on this set are readily available in numerous other public domain movie collections, so there is no need to comment on them here. But I haven't seen "Eyes" available anywhere else. Although it is in no way a "restored" version, this print has an exact duration of 92 minutes, so for once the reported 90 minute IMDb travel time is incorrect. Even with the 92 minute run time it is not unusual for a film dubbed into English from another language to also have a portion of the execution time cropped. It seems to be a common practice of budget awareness sometimes saving money by not bothering to duplicate some scenes if they are not considered important to the story. Would it be a longer version in less confused? Who really knows, unless he saw it in his native language ... By the way, my attempts to watch this during the day don't work and I end up turning it off. There's something about watching this in the middle of the night that fits this movie ... or maybe it's just from my previous experiences, who knows?
