I like UFO movies, and that's why I recently decided to review EYES BEHIND THE STARS after seeing it when I was a kid in the late 70s. And now I'm forced to write a review about it because I'm afraid I'll start to forget everything that is FAST. You see, even if EBTS is not bad, it is VERY boring and anonymous. The story is somehow interesting but flat. The actors are good but their roles are boring and a bit confused. FX is terribly amateur but I can overlook something like this if the film is compelling, which, unfortunately, is not. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, there is very little violence and there is no nakedness whatsoever, which makes this Italian sci-fi brochure of the 70s a REAL strangeness, because if there is one thing which distinguishes Italian genre films made in the 70s from films from other countries made in the same decade, is the incredible amount of violence and sex that is found in them. Strangely, due to the almost complete lack of elements of exploitation, EBTS differs from the rest of the agreement. I don't know if this can be seen as a compliment though. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence but I think that EBTS needs more violence and sex here and there to revive it because it is so deadly boring and dry. And the special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is actually interesting. It's a combination of THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: a photographer accidentally captures aliens in a movie during a fashion show in the country. The aliens know they were captured on film and continue to kidnap the photographer and a model, subsequently destroying any evidence of their presence on earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the apartment of the recently abducted photographer (this happens just before she is kidnapped). The man takes some of the negatives and leaves, with the aliens having no knowledge of the missing negatives. The whole story is about this man who wants to know more about aliens and a secret espionage group who want to get a hold of the negatives. Most of the film revolves around boring political intrigues, in spy-spy variety. The UFO element of the story is almost irrelevant and could easily be replaced by any McGuffin cold war. But as boring EYES BEHIND THE STARS, it looks a lot like THE X-FILES! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. However, the best thing about EBTS is the POV shots, which are disturbing and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgettable, including the strange aliens. <br /> <br /> Although I was mostly negative about this film, I still like to keep it. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. And I own the video. The film could have been much more if it had been done correctly. Oh good...
