Creep is the story of Kate (Powerful), an intelligent bourgeois bitch who somehow finds herself sleeping through the noise of the last underground train, and wakes up to find herself locked in the subway station. After having somehow met the workmate and the would-be rapist Guy on a mysterious train that runs behind the closed lines, things go wrong and she finds herself chased by what is hiding under the city streets. His story is linked to that of George (Blackwood), a former prisoner who works in the sewer system; they meet in the last third of the film, united by their attempts to escape the monster that pursues them. <br /> <br /> The couple proceeds through a set of increasingly unlikely places; from the subway station they end up in the sewers before finding themselves somehow in a sort of abandoned underground surgery. Most subway stations do not have toilets, so as one has surgery is beyond me. Naturally, the film takes care to explain that the operation has no running water. Yet does it have electricity? Only one of the many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of the daily credibility that the film tries to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of reasoning for his actions, he kills people for no obvious reason. And then, of course, he keeps some alive even without a real reason, maybe just to possibly run away and give the movie an extra time of 15 minutes or more. I understand that the natural evil should be scary, but then the film tries to explain itself through a photo of a doctor and his son, and some shots of some cans containing babies, and yes, he is just as tired and pathetic as it seems. He can't even explain how the creature has been underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only in rapacious screams, but not long enough to make his pair of shorts slip away. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This medical business brings to the scene that it is the film's desperate attempt to implant itself in your memory, and while it is bloody and uncomfortable to watch, it is not enough. The last third of the film focuses on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters break and recover for obvious reasons. George collapses, unable to cope with anything despite stating that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally hard a few seconds after falling apart on someone who tore her up for a travelcard. Yes. <br /> <br /> After starting as a movie "this could happen to anyone", it quickly falls to pieces when it introduces ideas that make it increasingly unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this to be avoided.
