Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed tale of a loner named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who loves young people. Unable to interact socially with the girls, he comes across a tramp who teaches him a special Vietnamese song. This "song" involves whistling "London Bridge is Falling Down" while jumping around like an epileptic dancer. Nevertheless, Ugly Joe feels it and soon! Now it's a girl. Ideally he needs to be a boy to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here - this film was made in 1983 and published in 1993, in an ideal world that should never have been published. <br /> <br /> The movie Asylum dubbed this horror horror as "mental numbness, history of ham handed down". It's worse than that. The Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit, in fact the whole jar of cookies. A terribly scripted dialogue by dead actors in the brain, a ridiculous plot and a predictable turn. Just when things could not become more absurd, the story is extinguished by its tangential lack of meaning. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by changing himself again. But did I think he wanted to get close to them? Not content with being a murderer, Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, of which there were only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this terrible film involves Joe picking up a prostitute (Steven Andrews) and then "bringing her back" to her apartment. What happens after the distrust belief ... Joe turns into a man, but also discovers that the prostitute is a man. How do you react? Well, in a fashion from Benny Hill, he chases "her" around the apartment with a bunch of sexy toys to pop just on an inflatable doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking about. At least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment. This involved the male prostitute who reported the incident to a curly-haired policeman in a "policeman's" uniform for a penny. The hilarious acting is a must see. Especially the inability of the prostitute to say "dildo" and her request for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> Apart from the incident mentioned above, this monotonous slash was a complete bore. You know a movie is ugly when DVD trailers were more exciting. Normally, I advanced quickly towards the good pieces, only there were none. The main action sequences involved Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly. Forget the quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stab scene) to limit any form of suspense that may already exist. The non-reaction of a girl to her cut fingers is ridiculous. Normally I would like to taste the words "uncut", but in this case they were far from being a blessing. An even more distressing cinematic torture. The whole film looked like an unpublished episode of Midsummer Murders, just less fun. I would not like to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> To summarize, The Nostril picker is the funniest thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5th O 'Clock Show. Dramatic performances worsened by a terribly metallic soundtrack and a bad dubbing. Don't be fooled by the box label, this is NOT a cult classic unless it qualifies for the cult of let-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters. Which I think it does. Unless it has been changed back to 30 minutes, avoid this comatose mess.
