Sometimes a film arrives that is unique. The Nostril Picker is one of these films, The Nostril Picker is like no other film I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker and for me it is unique for reasons other than what the directors had originally intended. Read on and hopefully everything becomes clear ... The Nostril Picker, as it is commonly known even though it was apparently filmed under the title The Changer, starts with some extremely boring shots of an American city somewhere, roads and factory of that sort of thing, as the initial credits play. When The Nostril Picker starts us, the viewer he is, he is presented to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who is 40 years old, lives alone in a small lousy apartment where he watches TV, eats beef flavored beef dog food and listen to old vinyl records while dancing with an inflatable sex doll. Joe likes teenage girls, has several porn magazines but enjoys the real thing even more. However, being an ugly idiot Joe cannot induce any young lady to go out with him or do anything else with him. One fateful day an old homeless Vietnam veteran (Horace Grimm) sees the anguish and pain that Joe has to go through (he actually sees Joe being questioned by the police to annoy a teenager) and decides to help him. He tells Joe about a spell he learned from the "gongs" in Vietnam that will turn Joe's appearance into what he likes. A process that calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time warns Joe that "it makes you go crazy if you do it too much". That night Joe decides to try it, in a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes an extremely silly dance and starts making yodel. Joe finishes whistling London Bridge is Falling Down, listen yeah, I'm not making it up myself. At first, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. To console himself Joe tries to buy a porn magazine but he is shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the brilliant spark that he is, realizes what happened and talks about it out claiming his father sent him to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), understands the possibilities and heads straight for the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisis Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while under her disguise, oh & Joe manages to become a pupil school simply asking the sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first Joe seems harmless enough, he just likes to get around girls' toilets and stuff like that. But things change soon when Joe brutally kills Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective, so together with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) the pathologist is determined to capture the patient responsible for killing his daughter's friends , but will they succeed before Joe hits again? IMDb's listing for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I only watched it a few hours ago and clearly states that it is directed by Mark Nowicki who was also a co-producer and certainly not Patrick J. Matthews who was credited as a co-producer. producer and director of photography, not that it makes much difference and I would have thought that Nowicki would have been more than happy that Matthews took the "credit" for making this piece of shit. No one involved in making The Nostril Picker should be allowed to always go near a camera, ever. The Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and this is saying something. It is absolutely terrible in every way imaginable. Steven Hodge's screenplay is atrocious, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development and the things that happen are so incredibly stupid that they are not true. The plot devices and the chain of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible. The scene where Joe discovers the prostitute (Steven Andrews) he hired is actually a man and Joe starts chasing him in his apartment with two dildo sprayers, it's just something that leaves you speechless. The next scene, when the transvestite reports the incident to the police, was written hilariously and made me physically laugh at the dialogue. I also hated the ending, not only was it predictable, but it leaves the door open for a sequel, I psychically shudder at the thought! On a technical level, The Nostril Picker is horrible, bets and hopes for photography, bland and inappropriate music, forgettable places, poorly maintained (Brenda is killed in the kitchen but her blood splashes on the TV screen which was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst acting with which I sat down and some really awesome special effects that consist of a few rubber fingers cut, a cut throat and a fast scene where Joe eats some meat. Unsurprisingly, the cast and crew that worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no credits for IMDb sooner or later. Even at 76 odd minutes The Nostril Picker is very far and really boring to sit. I could go on and on all day about how bad The Nostril Picker is, I could really. One thing I can't understand was all this intentional by the directors? The Nostril Picker is truly a unique film, unique in its being terrible and incompetent. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope he remains unique, having said that it is still not the worst film he has ever seen, but he is certainly approaching. Definitely one to avoid.
