The character of Tarzan has been subjected to so many cliches and so many bad interpretations, that those who hope for a different kind of version (people like me, I mean, who liked Tarzan's books as a child and who always wanted a version film that followed only a little books) should know how to stack recent versions. Some reviews of IMDb addresses this point, but here is my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I only know of two - count 'em - film representations of Tarzan, or Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the animation of Disney version, which attempts to describe the rather interesting character of Edgar Rice Burrough (son of an English noble couple abandoned after their death by a tribe of monkeys who raise him as one of them, and who becomes "lord of the jungle" because of his superior human intellect before returning to England and claiming his other identity) rather than the usual man from the Hollywood jungle whose origin remains obscure and whose marks are his famous scream, his mysterious inability to speak correct English despite the long exposure to people you know the language, its habit of swinging on the vines, its strength, heroism, etc. The only thing these two characters have in common is the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane. The TV version of Ron Ely is a compromise: like the character of Burroughs, he speaks good English and is skilled and kind in both cultures in a sort of James Bond, but he is not Lord Greystoke and there is no Jane. <br /> <br /> Well, this film is in a third category of Tarzan movies, and I hope it remains a category of one because it's terrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for, of all things, soft porn. Jane, played by legendary actress Bo Derek, is in Africa in search of her father, the distracted professor who is fighting the jungle in search of something that is never specified. Even if her father should have been missing for a long time, she finds it effortlessly. Richard Harris as dad is the best thing here; see the movie is stupid, so he enjoys making excessive mistakes and in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately silly performance in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("a kind of ghost or spirit" says - or theft from, or an inartistic attempt to pay homage to King Kong) to his daughter, who at this point is not familiar with the ape man. Shortly thereafter, we hear the infamous cliche of the cry Tarzan. Dad dies, which strangely does not seem to greatly upset his devoted daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but says nothing. In fact, it doesn't say anything during the entire movie. He and Jane fall in love, and go wild wearing almost nothing while reciting the love poem outside the box. The end. This is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; there is also a scene in which Tarzan fights unrealistically with a boa constrictor - a very unusual boa, since it is the only poisonous one I've ever seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimp that helps wring out the garment she tears to tie the wound (I'm not making this up!), And this is just one of the many excuses for her to take her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I always like to conclude a review by saying something positive, but this time it's difficult. Let's see ... well, it is unfair to criticize this film for representing an orangutan, even though we all know that the orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, the classic Tarzan movies used all the Indian elephants, right? Also, you have to admit that Bo Derek is quite fit and in his face. (But in that case, why the hell didn't she just have a career as an art model? What does she say about a movie when it becomes boring to see a beautiful woman? I actually didn't decide if it's a positive or a negative that they never showed her his horse.) But now I realize: try how I can, I can't finish on a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a bad cinephile. I'm out of here.
