Bo Derek could have had a career if he hadn't let his late husband, John, become his director. It's a real pity, not really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was alright. He would not win any prizes even at his best, but he is not worse than many actresses who have made him famous in the last 15 years based only on looks. But that was the problem, John was determined to ride the wave that Bo had created with his 10th appearance, that of Bo who was the "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", "the sex symbol of the 80s ". The problem is that, in John's hands, this wave crashed with a loud thud within a few years. Perhaps she knew her limits as an actress, maybe that's why she created films for her that focused on her body, not her acting skills. But it has become very fast. It was not very helpful to know that the films of John and Bo Derek are (let's be honest) really, really bad. And badly summarizes their interpretation of the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burrough, Lord of the jungle, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> Do you know what the worst thing is? This movie is boring! Let me laugh, let me cry, just don't get bored. Not even Bo's stunning appearance and figure can arouse interest, and this is what the film is obviously built around. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca) sums it up and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps he had the last laugh, after being hit by a lot of poison from the critics of this film, Miles continued with a solid career as a B movie icon, in films that weren't great works of art, but a million times more fun than this. But apart from that, it's Bo's body, and you can only see it so many times before you want something else to go with it. Tarzan the Ape Man has nothing else. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have remained with his strength. This film takes place at an incredibly slow speed and nothing happens in the action scenes. Burzan's Tarzan was all focused on excitement and satisfaction of desires (who wouldn't want to be agile, strong and beautiful like Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You get nothing of this here. Watch it and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life. Come to think of it, you could come up with a valuable lesson, like not managing someone's movie career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is fine in my book though. She stayed with John until the day she died, has a true love for animals and nature and looks back with a chuckle to her time in the spotlight. She has also shown that she is not the stupid blonde that many want her to turn into. If he survives Tarzan and Bolero, he can survive anything. So Bo returns, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And, incidentally, is Steve Strong playing the villain, Steve Strong himself, who has a short wrestling career?
