This is a re-imagination of Tarzan in the era of Soloflex and Apocalypse Now. There is nothing intrinsically wrong with using film that has lightened the moral constraints to represent an erotic side of the Tarzan legend. There is nothing intrinsically wrong with the premise that Tarzan does not speak. There is a lot of mistake in suggesting a woman who could enter an African jungle in 1910, it could be this stupidly offensive and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when bodies are explored because this film is simply video-centric, as neutral as possible so you can project yourself and your lascivious fantasies into the project. If it happens everywhere, it is implied that the National Geographic has influenced the way the imagery of a Tarzan movie could be built. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to claim that films should not use sexual provocation as ONE of many tools for drawing in viewers. Some truly beautiful moments of cinema incorporate it. But this move is at the opposite end of the spectrum: teasing is the only thing that happens here; at the time of its release and now. You sit through horrible and stupid scenes that you don't care about, and miles of bad acting films to drool over the next peek at one of the two bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on having a job libido.) But if this is your excuse to give this schlock a good rating you should really visit a porn store and stock up. There is only one difference in the difference between the two formats and (I'm just guessing here) a horny viewer would probably appreciate the latter a lot. The question is whether a mainstream film is the best place on the market for viewers looking for products that satisfy lust. <br /> <br /> As a showman, John Derek successfully exploited the sexual mystique developed on his wife Bo in the movie "10"; and created a media event on a superficial project whose only merit was the warmth of the two protagonists. The film itself was out of the question. He was about 20 years ahead of his time thinking that the public would have applauded him for making a bland and superficial film that spoke only of superficiality. <br /> <br /> As a director, John Derek seems to require only that lady. Derek looks pleasant, empty and hunchbacked in every scene. It's horribly shot. Camera positioning is annoying. In terms of modification, the entire "wipe" catalog is sold out. The credit sequence is conspicuous. And it is a failure on those who commit the worst offense on the screen; Bo Derek who is such a small guy that he can't even figure out how to play a baby, or Richard Harris shouting every line (like he likes to) until you want to shoot him. At least with Bo you can imagine her blaming a horny writer for dismantling her.
