It is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this should not blind anyone to the fact that in 1981, a rather ugly spot appears on both CVs of men. There is no doubt that John Derek conceived this film for his wife, for "Some Like it Hot" and "One Million Years BC", respectively for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, creating a symbolic sex symbol for the new decade. Running to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in the reputation of "10" Bo, a cast of famous actors and locations in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. Alas, as they say, plan Mortals and God laughs. It is said that when this film was first introduced in 1981, Edgar Rice's estate Burrows attempted to take legal action against it. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who travels to twentieth-century Africa to rejoin his vicious and violent dad, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who tried to find "the great inland sea" the local legend, whose existence was scorching by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth seeing a wonderfully hammy, tanking-up show that includes singing an Irish song to an Indian elephant that somehow found its way to Africa (did it come at the same time as the Orang-Utan of Sumatra? ??) Furthermore, even though Jane professes to despise Parker, the relationship between Bo and Rich is disturbingly incestuous, perhaps testimony to the effects of tropical heat. In a short time, however, local legends begin to circulate on a "Great White Monkey" and Jane hears the famous yodel. This is the starting point for the film for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star, who makes a rather strange debut like jungle mourning. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his English pidgin or Ron Ely who speaks the language fluently, the O'Keefe Tarzan is silent. Given some of Bo and Richie's dialogues, however, it's probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inland Sea, located on top of a gigantic plateau that seems to run halfway across Africa .... wait, there are no seas, lakes and other watery places generally located in low areas ?? It doesn't matter, it's just one of the many anomalies in John Derek's universe. The crew tries to mount the cliffs and when the ropes start, Harris roars echoing the abuses against the unfortunate men who have fallen to their death. On another occasion, Jane decides to take a naked swim in the Inner Sea, giving another opportunity to see some free nudity. Only one male lion appears from nothing. Now the lions usually travel in pride and never approach the beaches, but later Tarzan will find himself struggling with a boa constrictor (poisonous). Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strong points ... Being a Tarzan movie, Jane becomes enchanted with the Lord of the jungle and decides to take her virginity. But having seen its proximity to some of these chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... By the way, it's not just Edgar Rice Burroughs' property that he sued. It is very likely that some primates were on the phone with their lawyers: the chimpanzees here make you miss Cheeta badly. Especially when they do ridiculous things like riding on elephants' shoulders and clapping when Tarzan and Jane finally wear it! The climax of this film has Bo and Harris captured by some rather stereotyped cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / perform it. Suffice it to say that The Great Wooden Ape gets his girlfriend and * SPOILER * Harris gets impaled on a huge elephant tusk! This does not prevent the dying Parker from delivering an ill-advised monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the legal cause of Rice Burrows' estate never materialized, but "Tarzan the Ape Man" was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) A real shame. John Derek could have directed 'Tarzan the Ape Man 2' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as 'Boy'.
