I saw this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary - which is a drama. But, one could hope that at least the critical "facts" that the story goes on could be based on real events. Reagan was hit and the other characters were real people. The film is right. From then on, the dependence on the facts quickly decays. I had never heard of this movie before seeing it. Having been a television reporter at the time of these events, I was stunned that I had never heard of the bizarre behavior of Secretary Haig played by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard "I'm under control ...", etc., But Haig of Dreufuss is bullying a crouching toilet and totally out of control personally. After watching the film, I started researching the topic on the Internet and quickly found audio cassettes and transcriptions of most of the conversations in Situation Room that this movie pretends to recreate. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film intended to show a White House, a secret service, etc. In total chaos - and the nation's leadership behaves irrationally and leads the world near the edge of nuclear war - they are demonstrably incorrect. It didn't happen! There is an internal conflict, to be sure. Haig makes missteps, his performance in the press room is historically regrettable and he is "difficult". But there is nothing that comes close to the scenes depicted in the film. There are too many blunders to list, but any fair comparison between the recorded and written record and the fantasy of this film raises the question of what the producers were really trying to accomplish. Light up? Inform? To entertain? I think they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motivation to others, but we must seriously ask ourselves what lies behind a shameless invention. And, as with my beloved documentary "Reel to Real" by History Channel, there was almost no mention of the issues that were at the center of the film, or the events within the Administration on the day of the shooting. Thus, the viewer was left in search of those who did not have much, if any, the help of the network.
