This 1970 television production with Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eyre" on the screen and how much can go wrong in doing so. It is true that the film suffered in the DVD transfer - some complete scenes in the original have been shortened and modified so badly that there are surprising gaps in continuity and that even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester starts in the middle of a sentence! But even if the editing was better, the film wouldn't be. The script is ugly, the portrait of the characters is not true to the novel and almost all the actors are unbelievers. As a result, one does not have the feeling of looking at an adaptation of the novel by Charlotte Brontë. The problem is not just the fact that a number of scenes are abbreviated or omitted - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do not capture the tone, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel at all . <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre, for example, leaves Gateshead completely out and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfectly fine, since some scenes must necessarily be left out, it is not understandable that, instead of using the time gained (so to speak) and portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, the influence that Helen has for the development of Jane, the conference on Christian stoicism that she teaches her, the film focuses almost exclusively on the physical mistreatment of Helen, who is guided towards absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is described as a sort of sadistic penitentiary department, which deliberately wants to bring Elena to a premature death. And this concerns everything that happens at Lowood. If one compares the profound impact of the years spent in Lowood on Jane in the novel, one can only say with regret that the film does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem in all this adaptation: it runs from one scene to another, very often without transition, and nowhere does it even come close to the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a strange mixture of lines and lines taken from the novel, very awkwardly mixed, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that they both share only 5 minutes together on the screen before they fall in love, and the little one they have the conversation they don't contains nothing of the splendor, intensity and even humor of conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the screenwriter not only did the injustice of Brontë's language, but he also managed to ruin his moral set-up with one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to visit Rochester's wife after the aspiring marriage, Rochester says, "Yet I once loved her (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is actually an innocent victim of an amoral plan and was trapped in the marriage with a mad woman he never loved, and that his effort to look for a true life partner it is, if not sanctified by the law of God and of man, still understandable and forgivable! But this sentence completely undermines the whole moral concept built by Brontë and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old man is no longer of any use to him. <br /> <br /> From the errors concerning the script to the errors concerning the casting: Now I am not at all one of those who insist on the physical similarity between an actor and the literary figure he portrays, but it is not possible to imagine a image beautiful, blonde, blue -eyed and open-mouthed Susannah York as a simple heroine of the novel. Also, Ms. York was about thirty when the movie was shot and watched it. Interpreted by her, the young Jane shy, reserved and inexperienced becomes a perfectly balanced woman, graceful and mature, completely sure of herself and of her deserts. I do not say that Susannah York does not sound well and convincingly, but the woman she plays is not Jane Eyre of Brontë. Throwing George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester that seemed old enough to make Jane's and Rochester's 18-year age difference plausible. Scott looks like he's about 50, but he plays in various scenes as if he's 70 years old. <br /> <br /> To compliment the "maturity" of the main actors all the passion, desire and despair seem to have been deliberately squeezed out of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after marriage, the emotional climax of the novel, has become a calm and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to him in the last scene, she is just as lightly happy as a grandfather who has just been visited in his elders' house by his favorite niece. The only character that shows an appropriate amount of emotion is Saint John, among all people. Ian Bannen interprets it so passionately and his enthusiasm for Jane's love is so moving that one gets the impression that Bannen was shaping his St. John on the Rochester of the novel. But as good as Bannen is, his St. John is far from York's novel, Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only saving features of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are the locations and the score, and I would only recommend this production to those who want to see and compare every single adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
