I saw this film in the Rotterdam film festival (January 2006) and I followed the discussion between director and audience. Many people reacted shocked and protested. You will get many negative critics. But: the world is cruel like this, and it's not funny. People don't like it. This in itself does not mean that the film is bad. I can see this difference. Don't shoot the messenger who shows us the world outside our "hubble"! However I think this is a bad movie. Film: technically it's a good movie. Beautiful shots and script, more suitable music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film, - however psychology is of poor quality. Describing such powerful violence is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind that violence. How does a shy boy have such cruelty? The director claims to describe it, - but it is not good in this. <br /> <br /> The director has repeatedly used the word "selfishness" of people, citing for example the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish, just someone in different roles, who took care of his students, and cared about his script. I think it's a simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village is gruesome and the mother made terrible mistakes ("you have terribly disappointed me ??") but it does not become credible for me, which is caused much pain, that the shyest boy comes to such terrible things. In reality, is the reality much more complex than the way it describes this film? and needs much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe that process for me, please, so that we understand. <br /> <br /> With the sentence written at the end, the director said to indicate an alternative way of life. It was the other extreme and I confirmed for myself that director and screenwriter are bad psychologists, who promote the thought of black and white. The connection between violence in films and in society has been demonstrated. Using such violence gives the responsibility to use it in the right way. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world that cause much war and suffering. I hope this film will not succeed.
