Violence if real or does not always have an impact. In this film, violence is as bad as one might ask. In the Grande Ecstacy the director has successfully demonstrated the extreme violence that people are capable of. But what was the point? Violence seems to be a mix of "Irreversible" by Noë and "Mechanical Orange" by Kubrick ... both are extraordinary films. Don't get me wrong, I'm not at all against on-screen violence and I've seen unpleasant things in my film years, but this film as a whole is totally youthful. History has never been developed enough to offer a reason for extreme violence, the subtle reason we are dealing with Robert's disappearance is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert's drug death, but is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is unable to cope with mom, I'm not sure what these actors are doing in a low-level movie. The acting is of wood, the scene in the kitchen with the TV-cook and his wife, for example, is painful to watch if not more than the shocking ending - who wrote those dialogues ?! Some of the comments the boys make ... "it seems she's having fun" are so trivial that they try to laugh if it weren't for Clay's burning desire to bombard us with harrowing images of mutilated female genitals. Because we need to show such a detail perhaps until the director's adolescent obsession with pornographic sadistic images ... one can only wonder at the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The "political meaning" of the film has repeatedly been brought to our attention due to the number of scenes; in the bar, outside the TV chef's house, the war reports in Iraq were perhaps too obvious in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all prone to horribly violent actions, whether you are in politics or on the street, bursting E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of the same basic problem is eluding the real problem which is the meaning of violence in man. This problem is one that we have not yet managed to grasp and certainly not in this film. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derivative, badly made and meaningless.
