I'm always cautious about taking the dislike for a movie too quickly. Watch it a month later and you could see it differently, or dig it after 50 years on a different continent and some cult followers find something stylistically remarkable that didn't go unnoticed at first. After sitting in Robert Carmichael's The Great Ecstasy on his UK premiere, it is not surprising that I found the question and answer session more interesting later than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (Artistic Director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), helped by the director and producer of the film, gave a lively defense of a film that received a general negative response from the public. The audience at the Edinburgh Festival is not easily shocked. Only one person came out disgusted. The criticisms of the film included both very articulate and constructive by the lay public, both an actor and a woman who taught directors of M.A. This was not an excessively "shocking" film. There was a degree of uninterrupted but much less extreme sexual violence than many films (most of the true contact with the weapon was obscured, as was the genitals aroused). The public didn't like it because they had spent two hours that were quite boring, where acting standards were not high, where the plot was scarce, predictable and pulled out, and where they had been subjected to clumsy and pretentious films about the promise of a movie controversial. The metaphors of the war in Iraq are artificial, excessively emphasized and sloppy (apart from a general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is not clear); and the reference to "fig leaf" Marquis de Sade, as one member of the public says, seems a simple symbolic excuse for the lack of plot development towards the end. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount of money going to him (he stands out at school for his musical ability) but he takes drugs and gets stuck with young people who have little or nothing for them and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence stuck inside him. <br /> <br /> The film is not entirely without merit. The public is left to decide how Robert was like this: was it the influence of his peers? Why can't all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers fail to include it in a better approach to life? Cinematically, is there a carefully mounted scene in which it freezes (whether through too many drugs, shyness, a sense of latent morality or simply waiting for its turn?). Many of his friends are raping a woman in a back room, partly glimpsed and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground of the naked dish, a DJ is more worried that the girl's screams interrupt her happy house music than with any thought for the woman. In the end he is a little annoyed if their activities attract police attention. The clear juxtaposition of serious headphones enjoyment of his music even when he knows that a rape is happening indicates his utter contempt in a deeply disturbing way. Robert collapses with his back to us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its controversial peak involving considerable (if not excessively realistic) sexual violence, is not up to this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to it (the intention stated by the directors: "If they vomit, we managed to produce a reaction") but above all - and as far as I can tell the Edinburgh reaction seems to reflect the Cannes reports - they hear, "Why did the programmers subject us to lower quality films?" The director Clay Hugh can talk about the speech but did not develop an artistic vision. His answers on how to keep a mirror alive to tell the truth about things that are overwhelmed by the carpet, even his defense that there is little plot development because he didn't want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all are good responses to criticism, but unfortunately they do not apply to his film, any more than they do to support a mirror while someone defecates, or wastes film while playing inept with symbols. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any lingering doubts, I talked to him for a few minutes after the screening, but I found it as disgusting as his film and soon I moved to the bar to wash my mouth with something more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. I asked him if he had any social or political order and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many great names he takes in vain) without going so far as to admit himself. Then he falls back on his mantra that his job is to tell the truth. I was left with the feeling that this was too ambitious for a new director, or a naive attempt to put himself on the map of courting advertising for a second-rate job. <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could paint a box of soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors who made controversial cinema and pushed the boundaries. Unfortunately, his skill at the moment only extends to making high excuses for a movie that looks for advertising.
