I saw it not long ago, and I have to say: this film is terrible. I watch bad movies for fun. Scarecreow is not fun. The scarecrow is stupid. You have an incredibly mischievous villain who enjoys shouting horrible puns while killing his victims (actually worse than that contained in this sentence). He has his fortune story that he uses to justify his killings. "Everybody takes on me, the only girl who thinks I'm not towing stuff likes one of the guys who targets me, I want to kill everyone, Wah." OK, I'm exaggerating. But the premise for this film alone is enough to put it at the bottom of the list of bad movies. <br /> <br /> Adding to what I've just said, the baby's mom is promiscuous, she comes in to her mother and her current boyfriend who wears it, her mom's boyfriend tells him to leave, kid refuses, insisting that he will not leave his home. The boy chases the child in the cornfield. Kills baby right in front of mom, mom screams in terror, the guy is like "OMG! I didn't want to!" Then he tells Mama to tell the police nothing. Kid was killed under a scarecrow, though. So, like any child who is killed under a scarecrow, he returns as a murderer scarecrow with a vengeance. His victims "have never been followed this way before ..." (official Scarecrow demarcation line) <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, this film was shot in 8 days. That's right, 8 days. I was about to give this film a 2, because despite himself, he has one or two moments of redemption. (I'm spoiler, so I don't want to spoil it for you if you really want to see this shit.) I could somehow forgive the bad acting, the horrible special effects, the abysmal script and the bad work of the camera, but I have no respect for the lack of effort at that level. <br /> <br /> This movie is not as nice as I'm making it. If you want to see an example of how not to make a movie, or if you like watching bad movies, like I do, then watch it at your peril. Everyone else should be at a safe distance from this movie at all times.
