I'm not sure what dragged me to the cinema to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I hoped at least that the story would surprise me, but then I realized that it was a waste of time, there was nothing at all. I stayed alone because I had another show after it. <br /> <br /> Design: some very beautiful projects, especially for the environment, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. They look great again - on posters and screens, but not when they come to life! They simply did not work, mainly due to the same mistake made by most 3D companies: technically it is very difficult to create truly natural 3D materials that make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that is really like hair, leather, fabric, etc. Those characters in the movie were made of "cloth", and that just didn't work! So they had this nasty feeling of computer artificiality, where the fabric stretches or tightens like a piece of plastic. He simply did not have the feeling of a material, of which dolls are made (this is what those characters wanted to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. He just got the feel of a 3D shooter shooter game. I don't want to go to the cinema to have a video game on my screen, I don't know about you ... <br /> <br /> Even the animation was a disgrace. I'm a professional animator and I was terribly disappointed by the low level of animation in "9". He was rigid, boring, almost devoid of imagination or mood. It was just a little higher than most of the average 3D animations I've seen, and this doesn't add anything good ... <br /> <br /> And all that - the bad character design and bad animations could be solved with a good story, right?! This was not the case here. In reality the story was the worst thing about that movie. It was below any level. Start straight, go straight and end the same way. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogue, not even development. We have heard and seen stories of machines that have surpassed humanity thousands of times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it will end up in the first minute of that movie. The characters don't even have time to get into the story - they're there, they show up almost immediately, and some of them act immediately without even knowing what's going on. It just didn't work. There are also many repetitive action sequences that seemed made to fill the time due to the lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Acting, sounding and script - oh my God, what can I say, it was pathetic . The bad story has a bad script, and except for dialogues like "No, don't do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can't do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" etc etc and so on, and repeating itself over and over, so besides those terribly pathetic dialogues, there were those non-stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh", and "Whatchout", and "Run" ! "and" OhOhh! "that followed almost every jump, run or fall of the characters and sounded like they were out of sync or even not understood. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad history, bad screenplay, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twisting, nothing, only some good projects are not worth it BIG NO!
