I can't seriously believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I LOVE, have signed up to produce this shit. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to tell the truth I have lost interest in him for some time, since his last films were either reworkings or adaptations. He produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I saw several times and directed films like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are fantastic films. Bekmambetov has directed 3 films that I LOVE: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I only saw those three, but they proved to be a fantastic director. <br /> <br /> Those two people produced one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9. So today I went to see him at the theater. I was so excited to have finally seen. I had waited 7 months for the film to come out. <br /> <br /> This film is the first time I have come out of a Tim Burton related film and I said "I almost enjoyed ANY of it". I felt my heart broken for feeling that way. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the production helm you would have expected this film to be a good observation. At the moment I still can't understand how disappointed I was with this movie. I had never heard of the original short film before seeing it, but now I can say successfully that this film should have been a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made an incredible remake of Alive in Joburg called District 9, what was so hard to be right about 9 ??? I really wanted to think this movie was fantastic. I really did it. But no, he failed on so many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was. Basically it's a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth. Well, OK, this is what I got from this. But the writing here is extremely poor. The entire film jumps like a 6-year-old child with A.D.D. telling a story. There's this big, giant clanky robot monster that wakes up, causing destruction and things. That's the main villain. However, what else is wrong with this film is that EVERYTHING STARTS FROM NOW. There were too many monstrous robots, many of which have no logical explanation behind them. They have any development. I mean, that pterodactyl-like flying monster comes out of nowhere, we have no idea where it came from and Acker expects us to know what it is. What was even more retarded was that snake-like creature with stroboscopic eyes that hypnotized. I challenge you to give that description to someone else aloud and wait for them not to laugh. All 3 people I told about it burst out laughing. Oh and envelops the victims and sews them inside. I'M. NOT. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The Act III twist is the most delayed aspect of the entire film. So, basically, he returns to the room where he woke up, finds this box with a hologram of the scientist for 9, and tells him that the scary big machine robot was designed to bring the life of robots to earth, but then the evil humans use it for war, and should have helped protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that he could help protect the world with it. AND ONLY MENTIONS THAT GIVE HER LIFE TO 9. But what about the other robots? WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES TO THEIR ??????? This is the perfect example of poor and hasty writing. There is only one aspect of the life device that exists, so how did the other 8 give it life ??????? Even the characters are not funny. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 bothered me with his "BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" digressions, 1 is an irresistible idiot, 2 we don't know anything, 5 kept bothering me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" questions. And that end? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the ending was a huge moment in the WTF. <br /> <br /> There is nothing saving about this asshole except for his beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the dark and depressing aspect of everything. However, beauty cannot save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although it is true that this film is very nice, the beauty is equally beautiful and the squat is beautiful. I'm sure Burton fans will crowd the theater to see this film without a doubt, in fact with his Bekmambetov names being thrown around the promo, people flock to the theater to watch this movie. I know that maybe I'm making a big deal out of nowhere, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with unlikely characters, a non-existent storyline and pure style about content. And this movie is one of those movies.
