First of all, this film is not a complete disaster. If you had never heard of the true story of Gram Parsons, then it might seem like a reasonably amusing diversion. Johnny Knoxville cannot be criticized for his portrayal of Phil Kaufman - he is quite good at looking relaxed and down to earth and can be a kind of root for his suffering man. Michael Shannon must be credited with practically the same reasons, except that he is a hippy stoner. There are some good individual comic scenes - the hippy wheelchair that crashes into the airport gate stands out. But that's where the good things end and we start to see the aspects that make this film really disappointing. The character of Robert Forster in the role of Gram's real father is an invention so shameful as to throw a veil over the entire film. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could certainly be compared to Gram's life on the verge of a better director. Having Forster as his alleged true father, and not his stepfather, would have been bad enough, had it not been for the well-known difficulties encountered by Gram with the man who actually flew to collect his body. It has been suggested that his stepfather admitted to providing alcohol for Gram's mother while he was dying and that this Gram was enraged when he later found out. Even the controversy over where Gram's body was buried would certainly be a sufficient reason not to invent a benevolent rigged father who actually reaches the duo and their hearse, but then allows them to go on with the fire. Whatever the truth about the man from whom Gram took the name Parsons, he certainly has no resemblance to the character of Forster, and it is difficult to understand why this role was written. Then there's the addition of Christina Applegate as a greedy girl (though of course very pretty) who wants Gram's body so that she can begin to cash in on her estate. Her character, and her acting, are non-existent and one wonders why the director did not only go in full and included a lesbian scene between her and the girl who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (he wouldn't have lowered his tone much more). When you think about the ingredients that might have been used in a good Parsons movie, the flaws in this film are easily apparent. Country music has been changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long-haired, drug lover, popular with women and ultimately self-destructive. Real events like the fall of the door and the painted hearse and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we must concentrate entirely on Kaufman's input into Gram's life. Obviously Kaufman is still accumulating the cult status he received for what he did (it is certainly a small cult). From the interviews it is obvious that he is very happy with the attention. Remember that this is the man who made a remark about the genitals of Gram Parsons' naked corpse as he prepared to set it on fire. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but an arduous alcoholic adventure. Looking at Knoxville and the director in the interviews, some things become clear too. It is obvious that they have no real understanding of Gram's life history, nor do they wish to have. They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was a fantastic life with a strange end. That the end is the only thing covered by this film shows how limited the understanding of Gram Parsons was.
