If you are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie is definitely dividing you! Comedy part, road movie part, but above all a false romance of one of the strangest stories in the history of rock. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> Basically the story is about a well-known roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "presumably" made a deal with the music hero rock / country / folk Gram Parsons who declared when one of them died first (no matter what it was) that the other living was bringing the deceased to the desert, the Joshua Tree National Park in California to be exact, and burn the body ... in order to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! Of course, to keep his word, Kaufman, barely sober, with the help of a friend who hates himself and detested, takes the body of the late Parsons - who suffered an overdose of drugs and alcoholic beverages a day earlier - from the 'airport. And shortly thereafter, what follows is a combination of fiction and truth in which Parsons 'partner, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons' stone-faced father and a bunch of cops and other useless idiots try to beat time ( so talk) trying to catch Kaufman and his friend before they have a chance to turn on Parsons' body! <br /> <br /> The incompetent direction of the film, the bad acting and the unusual and lame tone in general sink this film faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the enormous fact that this film is not even halfway telling the truth of the real events that took place. The precisions that were supposed to replace the inaccuracies, as far as I heard them, include: number 1. Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a son, so what the hell was everything with the girl? and chasing and whatnot?, number 2., Kaufman's addict comrade was a known and known participant (unlike the one the film attempts to portray) in disposing of Parson's body, and finally the number 3. Gram Parsons father of real life he died when he was just a boy, and so was Parson's stepfather (who could honestly be less attentive to Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real life who took care of the body after it was burned! All in all, though, what probably troubles me most about this film is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on the set to help witness the facts of history. Still, the movie has become so fake and so fake that it really drives me crazy, frankly! <br /> <br /> Also, like the previous mediocre action in the film, he is the protagonist, played by the optimist Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), he is not only a bad actor but in reality it seems as if he was asleep during most part of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast are mostly hysterical, dead in the brain, or seem utterly incapable of what they're actually doing there in the first place! Overall, if you like Johnny Knoxville and / or you really like the jerks of such bad friends who aren't even good, then I guess you could just give this movie a boost! But, if you're like me and you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy movies that try to tell the truth as much as possible, especially if they are based on a real real life story, or you just like good movies, street movies or fictional film of life, you will really love this movie and advise others to do the same. Obviously I hated this movie and I wish it had never been realized in the first place, but since it was made I would have preferred it to have turned out differently from what it did, unfortunately! Maybe someday the real facts of the story will come and be turned into a really big biopic about Gram Parsons's whole life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left him. But until then, all of us as an audience, or as a fan of the late, there is this sad waste of films and a terrible memorial all around the musical genre that Gram Parsons had left behind. It should also be noted that they actually used Parsons music, and a few others in the film, but not surprisingly though, you've never heard enough to really enjoy it even in the smallest detail. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
