From the Q & A before and after, this is what I could gather: an Irish guy wants to make a movie. Nothing fancy, just a movie. So, one evening at a party, he hears some ex-roadies tell him a classic piece of folk rock n 'roll; the one about how the body of Gram Parsons was stolen from LAX by his loyal roadie to honor Parsons' desires to be cremated in JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (well, country), tombs of tombs, escapes, friendship, the 70s! I guess we could take Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass", because it's kind of a joke, right, and Knoxville also wants to make a "movie". Because he must have thought he had the next "Snatch" in his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not so exciting ... we need something that Knoxville has to fight for. Like a psychotic girl after her money! But Parsons' was married at the time. It's O.K., nobody knows. We could also have Christina Applegate. But what if the public didn't like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse. Well, we will send his father to join the hunt, but in the end we will give permission. But Parsons's father killed himself when he was 10, in fact his orphan status and tragic childhood are fundamental parts of the Parsons mythology. Mythology? We're doing "A movie!" This is creative problem solving. <br /> <br /> It is an unpleasant experience for anyone who is even vaguely informed or interested in the subject. Applegate's presence is doubling. First his fictional character is a Beverly Hills bitch before his time - he could have shot the whole movie with a cell phone in his hand, and secondly, what kind of man would Parsons be if he ever associated with that type of harpy ? ? The facts are not only distorted or omitted, but INVERSE. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to bring the body back to its original state, where the law would have helped him to share the considerable inheritance. <br /> <br /> And the music, oh, the music I love. The music is violated (the bridge of a song here, the choir there), forced to the background and, in the end, horribly covered by the newest and newest indie band, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked the useless but irresistible question after the movie - was there someone up there, the writer, the producers, the director, actually a Gram Parson fan? Well no. He had never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, bla bla bla, I learned to love him, and here are some factoids I read in an online biography. Another boy guaranteed Parsons coldness by saying that he and Keith Richards stumbled over the acid together and wrote "Wild Horses" together, a series of confused facts like the film's outlaw. Another person asked, wasn't it morally questionable to rewrite history when most people would only know it from this movie? Well, he had the real permission of the roadie (he was even ready) and Parsons' estate gave permission, and all these other people who received salaries said it was great. <br /> <br /> But what I really wondered was, and he asked with the awkward and trembling voice of a passionate enthusiast of Parsons, if the film had been produced so cheaply (a million), had they not considered Gram Parsons fan audience as an audience? The director and writer seemed to think that he was not a figure without a fan, although I doubt that any magazine in the Mojo magazine, the fan of country-rock music from the 70s would agree. But a lot of Brits did, I suppose, and they didn't care about Cosmic American Music, or even realized it. This is not just a real Parsons coup, it is not even in the right spirit - it is not even suited to the legend. At least he should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to be told. <br /> <br /> I should mention that the film was well received by the group of college kids, just off the track, and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you are a Parsons fan you ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
