"Raw Force" is like an ultra-squalid and perverse version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu fights, demented cannibal monks, white slave trade, energetic zombies and a lot of bad acting performances. No wonder this film was included in the recent "Grindhouse Experience 20 movie" set. There is all the exploitation that fanatics are looking for, they come together in a totally inconsistent and apparently improvised script! Production values ​​are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amount of free violence and sex cannot be described. The film opens in a sunny and tropical position called Island of the Warriors, where a troop of laughing guards resurrects the dead for no apparent reason other than turning them into Kung Fu fighters. The monks also buy sexy slaves from a sleazy Hitler-like businessman, presumably because women's meat provides them with the powers to increase their zombie army. Tourists on a passing cruise ship, including three martial arts fighters, a Los Angeles policeman and a group of charming but unintelligent women, are attacked by Hitler's killers because they were planning an excursion to Warriors Island. Their lifeboat washes up anyway on the island, and the monks challenge the survivors of a fight with their zombies. Ok, how does this mess of a midnight horror movie sound? It's not over yet, because "Raw Force" also has piranhas, orgies of wild boats, Cameron Mitchell in yet another embarrassing starring role and the 70's duchess Camille Keaton ("I spit on your Grave") in an absolutely insignificant cameo . There is a lot of badly made blood, including massacres and ax beheadings, hammer jokes and distasteful romance. The trash value of this movie will literally leave you speechless. The background of evil monks remains, of course, inexplicable and they are not even punished for their passable hobbies. Maybe that's why the film stops with "To Be Continued", instead of "The End". The sequel never came, unless it is so obscure that IMDb does not list it.
