Scarecrow is set in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local nerd geek by teachers and fellow students. The poor boy suffers daily humiliations, bullying, teasing and general esteem that destroy the abuse at the hands of his peers. Unfortunately he hasn't found much support at home since his mother is a whore and after Lester annoys one of his boys he chases him into a cornfield and strangles the poor boy. However something magical happens (no, the film does not suddenly become good), Lester's spirit is transferred to the scarecrow fields of wheat which he then uses as a body to take revenge on those who torment him and made his life hell ... <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier which according to the IMDb credits list also has a role in the film as someone called Mr. Duforq even though I don't remember any character of this name, I suppose that anyone who ends up looking at the pages of IMDb for Scarecrow will probably already be aware of his terrible reputation and I must say that he is very well deserved as it is terrible. The script by Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the often-told story of one of the losers of life who is caught and tormented for no reason to take revenge on supernatural means in a relatively simple teen slasher film. We've seen it all before, we've seen murderer scarecrows before, we've seen faceless teenagers killed one after another, we've seen one of the losers of life get his revenge before, we've seen that aping villains making jokes while they kill first and we have seen incompetent sheriffs of the small town who make things even worse before. The only real question to answer on Scarecrow is whether it's fun to watch a dumb teen-type slasher level? The answer is a resounding no to be honest. The film has a terrible dialogue, a horrible dialogue, an incoherent and predictable story, has some background jokes like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel asking "Can you dig?" and the so-called twist end that is oriented to leaving things open for a sequel is simply lame. The film moves at a reasonable pace but it is not so exciting and the killings are forgettable. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone could be stabbed and killed with a piece of corn ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier doesn't do a particularly good job here, the killing scenes are poorly managed without any kind of accumulation, which means that there is never tension, because within two seconds of the introduction of a character they are killed. I'm also not happy with the scarecrow killer who does all these back-flips and flips through the air in scenes that seem to belong to The Matrix (1999) or to some Japanese kung-fu hit! To give him a little credit, the real scarecrow mask looks really good and looks pretty cool, but he is given little to do except get pissed off and walk around a bit. Don't you think that being tied to a wooden pole in the middle of a corn stored all day would be boring? I know he's a killer scarecrow, but I keep saying he'd be bored hanging out all day on a wooden stick! There is no nakedness and the blood is nothing to write home about, there is a beheading, someone burns his face, someone is killed with a piece of corn, someone shoves a shovel in the throat, some sickles are blocked in people's minds, someone's heart is torn and someone has a metal thing stuck in the back of the head that comes out of their mouth. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 250,000 this was apparently filmed in 8 days, well at least they wasted no time on unimportant things like character history and development. Technically this is more or less the point, shoot and hope for the best. If you look at the guy on the floor who has just had his heart ripped, you can clearly see him breathing again ... Acting sucks, the guy who played Lester's boy has the dumbest wig and fake mustache ever because he played two roles in the movies and creators needed to disguise it but they ended up making it look ridiculous and not let me start its accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has some funny moments And the scarecrow itself is a beautiful creation with good special effects but on the whole the film is badly made, badly interpreted, foolish, too predictable and very poor. If you want to see a big scarecrow shoot, check out Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with Gene Hackman & Al Pacino Scarecrow (1973) or the next horror Scarecrow (2008) currently in production. Scarecrow turned out to be quite popular on the home video to generate two more sequels directly to videos, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
