Let's be honest, should we? Al Gore no longer worries about the environment than most people worry about contacting the foot fungus. It's a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a POLITICAL! Three years ago he was caught / paid in his home state by doing 70 miles per hour in an area of ​​55 miles per hour without driving a hybrid, a Yugo, or even a Metro GM but a LINCOLN (go to google if you wishes)! Or what about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood friends continue to use a private jet to fuel the delicious "An Inconvenient Truth". So much for conservation eh, Al? However, it takes a minute to subjectively look at "An inconvenient truth" and discover the main fundamental flaw. While the film shows many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the public about the effects of the alleged "global warming", there is no scientist to tell us the alleged cause of it. For example: I can take a hundred people in a parking lot and they can indicate a car that is not working properly. BUT they can tell you with a certain degree of certainty WHY? Generally no! A second flaw, how accurate were the meteorological instruments 100 years ago (the toilet had not yet been invented)? What did they have, a June insect in a matchbox? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? So, how do we know with ANY degree of certainty that the planet is "warming up" when past records are highly questionable at best? Or is that man the only cause of that? The answer is that we don't do it and science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine published a cover that proclaimed a "new ice age". The truth is that any science teacher from the sixth grade Earth science expert will tell you that volcanic eruptions, solar activity and the el Niño have more to do with our uprooted changes in climatic conditions than supposed "warming global". Finally, what Al Gore fails to adequately address is; even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al and to implement everything it recommends, how will we follow the rest of the world when we cannot even find an agreement on something so obvious as terrorism? Answer: It is wishful thinking, Mr. Gore and you are a former vice president of the United States you know! If the people who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, they would call their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention". But what I'd really like is for someone to ask the former VP this; why are two of the world's biggest polluters (AKA China & India) exempt from complying with the Kyoto agreements? However, I feel that the producers of A.I.T are working on their next film entitled "Gnomes, fairies and elves: our friends in danger of extinction".
