An uncomfortable truth is completely simplistic and demagogic as the murky fall created by rabid and idiotic republicans, which winds along intangible lines until it tries to gurgling something in the face, which means we will all be dead in a few hundred years, which is already indisputable, but who cares, humans are selfish and destructive creatures, frankly, don't waste my time worrying about human extinction. I'll just call it "natural progression". Let's start the apocalypse, but in the meantime we have to listen to the same blatant politicians who propose another "new society", well, don't be fooled, we'll still be controlled by the rich, by those in power and by those idiots who created catastrophes in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite evident in the film, while being driven in a bubbling car all alone using a consumer computer, also lives on huge acres of land in a rather large house, the land itself was used for erosive destructive purposes such as livestock, tobacco, pig breeding (which takes into account the traces of methane gas) and who knows what else, its wealth is based on exploitation, greed and its investments include numerous large companies in the world with questionable records. I don't think this man is qualified to give a lecture to the less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that's all, while he emits the same rancid characteristics that make politics and politicians so terrifying. Is this bozo living a comfortable life yet teaching poor people in Africa about agriculture and cutting and incineration techniques? He travels around the world in first-class seats in fuel-wasted jets, uses computers placed on the product in the documentary, yet he thinks that everything is a "moral problem". He is completely absorbed in his deluded nightmares, he says he has come to these conclusions because of the death of his sister (from the tobacco-induced cancer and the almost immediate death of his son by an automobile of all things). Did he fight against the tobacco companies or did he propose that cars be banned because they are gigantic dangerous machines? NO. Everything must serve "economy", so because it is different, the answer is that it is not. <br /> <br /> His desperate and exhausted humanistic philosophy attempts are disastrous, all this while being filmed in the forest or along a small river that avoids stale life stating quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why don't you try to live like ordinary people, then? He is a politician, simple and simple, with a career invested in the power structure. My question is: why doesn't it focus on the powerful industrial nations of the earth that are responsible for most complications? It does not do so because it would be imprudent for "investments, shares and society". Al Gore offers monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, namely the rich whites in the audience, who clap on the ball while showing them charts, numbers and percentages, and speak in a dark tone, no one without a Harvard education (which the elites control) can make sense, but tells us that everything will go to hell. I am not kidding, but I think that he cannot explain this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet, that is, that it is expendable and a waste dump. Never once did he mention how industrialization created these problems, he just wants to put delicate bandages on them but not uproot the entire oppressive system. It is obvious that he has been spoiled, sent to the schools for the elite and has the same basic temperament for the politics of any other stabbing, inconsistent dullard in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, as it is in no way different from what the Republicans conceived, had in mind only goals that were directed by the capitalist impulse. That is to say, someone will benefit, and it seems that the political "new greens" that support venture capitalist companies that are buying hordes of land in an attempt to develop the "new utopian future" with "new technologies". It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elite structure, he actually believes there is a "democracy" in the United States that I find very naive. If we do not pay wages to oil companies, then we will pay them to wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I find the speech ultimately rancid enough, along the lines of something GW Bush would have passed into the stupid slaughtered masses, Gore was talking about "people coming together to defeat communism" in the 1990s, what it had to do with global warming, absolutely nothing but try to get basic emotions that ruminate in people. That said, he did not understand that communism had never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were simply a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different from those that control the interests of the United States. Social ecology has not even been mentioned here, which is really a parody. If you want to change the world, then you must dispose of those antiquated systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
