Well, maybe the PC version of this game was awesome. Could be. I've just finished playing the PS2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of elements that are ok or promising. I'll talk about it first because it will be over quickly. First of all, the idea of ​​a historical game similar to GTA is fantastic. The Gun game was a historical game similar to GTA and, unlike Mafia, Gun was excellent. I'd like to see a game set during the era of the good mafia. Subsequently, the plot is well written. The plot has a sense, has dramatic arcs, uses an unusual device (with much of the game as a backstory) and is interesting. Finally, some graphic elements, particularly those used during the movies, are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics right where GTA had limited itself to this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately in many other areas, the graphics are rather smelly, and I would prefer to have excellent gameplay than impressive-looking characters. <br /> <br /> The gameplay is what sinks this title so low. First of all, the controls and the camera are absolutely disgusting. This must be the first goal of any game developer. It is not possible to release a game where the controls and / or the camera suck. Number one, there is no reason why the player's character, Tom, cannot have his entire range of motion controlled by the left analog stick. Unless it is absolutely necessary, and almost never is, I hate the set-up in which the left stick moves the character in an "elusive" way and the character can only turn using the right analog stick. Here, not only is it not necessary, but it makes most actions simpler a challenge. For example, Tom has to climb a mission in pairs. But the game is designed so badly that you have to continue to manipulate both the right analogue and the camera frustratingly, and then press L1 every time you have to climb, or Tom instead will go down. <br /> <br /> Go ahead, I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you cannot automatically target or block any targets. At some point, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to block targets, but it never worked. So to focus on any enemy, you have to struggle with the stupid right analog stick and try to keep both the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to drift in the wrong corner or make Tom disappear all the time. At that point, you are probably beating yourself or shooting to death. <br /> <br /> Next, if you are touching or almost touching an enemy - and this will surely be the case in melee combat or when using melee weapons, the combat system - which consists mainly of touching or holding pressed R1, it is completely useless. Enemies can punch you almost in a bear hug, but you can't move unless you go back. So close combat tends to consist of pulling away the left analog stick, shouting at the character to move away, which will not do 50% of the time, then touching R1 as much as possible before the enemy gets too close and makes R1 useless. And if in the meantime the enemy changes your angle with you, you will also have to fight with the right analog stick to orient your character in the right way and put the camera in position so that you can see anything. At that point, you will probably be beaten or hit again, and your only option will be to try to move the character again. My fights often consisted of running Tom into an area like a comedy, hoping I could gain enough time to fight with the analog stick and get a couple of shots before being back at the mercy of the AI. So much for a realistic fight. <br /> <br /> And the same problems and others still exist when trying to fight with guns. If you are touching someone, half the time the controller does not allow you to fire a shot, but they can still give you holes. Furthermore, there is no automatic target and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even if the sensitivity is set to zero in Options. Shootings tend to consist of trying desperately to aim or turn away while the enemy shoots you after shooting at you. Fortunately or not, the damage appears to be recorded almost casually. It may take from one to ten hits or more to render any character incapable, and there is no rhyme or reason. You can put five shots into an enemy's head and close to the blank point and they will continue to respond to fire and hurt you. However, the designers of the game seemed to worry about the realism of how they had built a recoil on your target system, so after the shots with powerful enough guns, your aim will float off the target, and you will have to fight with it again. <Br /> <br /> As for the celebrated graphics, with the exception of the characters and plots you're close to, they're actually pretty disappointing. The distance always seems mostly empty, and when you drive there are often expanses of colors and flat textures nearby. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. The machines seem slow and are difficult to control. They also run more or less the same way. Some mentioned the music, but it was also rather anonymous. A much better job could have been done for this purpose. Moreover, as many others have mentioned, loading times are ridiculous and constant. Tend to be longer than a minute, and even competitions occur between and in the middle of everything. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia port for PS2, at least, seems to have been very rushed. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job.
