The acting in this movie stinks. The plot makes very little sense, but from what I understand it should be about this scientist who develops the ability to transform people's personal objects into small steel spheres that then fly into the mouth and turn them into zombies (or blow up, depending on which). And the effects are also bad. Most of the film consists of bad music, with actors dancing equally badly on bad music, interspersed with more boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but for one thing. An element of brilliant cut that makes "Weekend by nightmare" the one that is above all others. And that special quality is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is the amiable interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the home computer security system. With his green hair and nose, bald scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is Jessica's guardian / confidant angel, who asks him for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever captured on celluloid . With his monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica what percentages of males prefer women in white dresses, and also that hitchhiking is the third best way to meet guys after clubs and bars. Of course, little Jessica just doesn't seem to stay out of trouble, making sure that George performs "Emergency Program Code: Protection Jessica", which causes the violent death of Jessica's would-be advocate through one of the aforementioned steel spheres. <br /> <br /> Kubrick was a fool for having thought he could give the computer a personality by using the close-ups of a red light. HAL should have been represented by our friend George to better translate the compassion for his eventual disappearance. The light and sound show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better that movie would have been if the initial means of communication with the aliens had been George the Hand Puppet. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? kitchen appliances next to the almighty George! It could only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but don't be fooled. This show is all about George. With even that limited amount of screentime, George joins the ranks of bright cinematic characters like Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as icons of American cinema. "George to Apache" ?? you're my hero.
