I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I've seen millions of movies and I can clearly say that an intellectual movie with a message of teasing should look like. Surely, The Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the film made me think a lot trying to understand what all this was going to end up and despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, they seemed only an exaggeration to have an "I" in people's intellectual league. the photo on the cover clearly shows that the Broken is the upper broken piece of the face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So, you start waiting for the characters in the movie to show their defective sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the film starts immediately without any introduction to the characters and their previous lives. Even if we see the father holding a gun when his children try to surprise him as if he were aware of having enemies, but still this is not a very strong clue. If the clues had been planted more in the film, one would have said that it really is a masterpiece. But although the film was so slow over time, it was at the same time so empty without metaphorical scenes. And the reunification of the evil father with the evil Gena is in the end a strong proof of denial of the existential messages that some people have talked about in other comments. Also, if Gena really lives in the apartment as her brother finally tells her, then why is she the evil one? I bet I can challenge any theory on this film with so many questions that can only lead to a conclusion: this film is pretentious and a waste of time. Obviously it shows someone who tries to derive from a mystery without meaning something that has no value. I'm a big fan of horror and special movies that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies should not convey deep messages! They should discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side that is the most true, I imagine. Horror films should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, organs and body parts. Because that's the real horror and it's never far from reality. I have seen almost all the horror films and I can prove that each of them can be as real as dawn. Nothing is unreal until the mind has thought. For example, the horror film "Train" with all the cut and tension of it and its resemblance almost entirely with "Hostel", speaks of a very real thing that illegally sells body organs by kidnapping people in foreign places where no one ask or look for them. <br /> <br /> And even if we consider Broken the film that has an existential message, it's still poorly presented and the least scary. I prefer the message of dependency presented in Requiem for a Dream that went beyond drug addiction to emphasize the fact that any kind of addiction is for sex, TV, security / being pampered, etc ... it can be so destructive and scared to death of me . And those who always criticize horror films for being meaningless and very commercial, are usually just a group of people who are easily scared and simply don't like this genre, but that doesn't mean that there are fans of such films and that they have a lot to offer the viewer from adrenaline riots, ecstasies, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment and above all face-to-face conversation with the essence of life, however ugly and frightening it may seem, death !
