If the myth about broken mirrors was accurate, everyone involved in this production would now face about 170 years of bad luck, because there are many mirrors that fall into small pieces here. If only the script was shocking like glass, then "The Broken" would have been a brilliant film. Now it is sadly just a film too long, derivative and boring with only a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis has made a very elegant and elegantly photographed film, but the story is lackluster and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I entered into a discussion with a friend regarding the basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis has found inspiration in an old legend claiming that identifying your doppelganger is an omen of how you are going to die. Interesting theory, but I am not familiar with this legend and have found nothing on the Internet about this, neither of them. Personally, I think "The Broken" is yet another umpteenth variation on the theme "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" but without the alien interference. "The Broken" focuses on the American McVey family living in London, particularly Gina. When a mirror spontaneously breaks during a birthday party, this triggers a whole series of mysterious and apparently supernatural events. Gina sees herself driving in the car and follows her mirror image in an apartment building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, he causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital. When he is dismissed, Gina feels as if all of her surroundings are changing. He no longer recognizes his boyfriend and disturbing fragments of the incident continue to flash in front of his eyes. Do you suffer from mental trauma caused by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy that is happening around you? Writer / director Sean Ellis surely invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his script, but unfortunately he is unable to elaborate them properly. "The Broken" is a truly evocative and elegant effort, but only after half an hour of film, you arrive at the painful conclusion that it will remain a beautiful but empty package. There is a frustrating amount of "fake" suspense in this film. This means increasing tension, through threatening music and disturbing camera angels, when nothing has ever happened until now. The moment the mystery comes into play, these tricks no longer have any scary effect on you. Some of my fellow reviewers around here compare the film and in particular the style of Sean Ellis with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but is it so, very much? WAY too much honor. PS: what happens with that alternative spelling; the one with the Scandinavian "ø"
