This film is pure, distilled and unadulterated boredom. I knew nothing before I entered the dark room, I sat down. I was seduced by the "mysterious and suspenseful" blurb on the poster, I suppose. Besides, Lena Headey is pretty and nonconformist, and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. It could have been his name above the title that convinced me to go with this instead of anything else being lit. I should have gone to see Valkyrie for the second time. <br /> <br /> The subtle plot revolves around Headley's Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister and her sister's husband who for some reason are persecuted, in a very casual and unenthusiastic way, from their diabolical doppelgangers that emerge from mirrors that mysteriously destroy. There could be a great film behind this idea (not exactly an original idea, mind you, but still ...) and indeed, if the filmmakers had taken away all the supporting cast and simply had stuck to Headey's character story , The Broken could have done a reasonable 20 minute short. As it is, it is hopelessly groundless and boring, and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in a scene, a mirror crashes itself into a room that houses all the main characters; they seem perplexed, but they quickly forget it. In another scene, a mirror crashes into an empty room and a doppelganger is visible as it "comes out" of the fragments left hanging on the wall. So why did the first mirror break if an ominous monster didn't crawl? Just for a little thrill? There are too many scenes of the characters in the dimly lit London apartments, peering around the corners because they thought they had heard something, but seeing nothing there and going on. Let's start by asking, why doesn't this malicious doppelgang really want to try to scare them? It scares the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the public, will have to start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have chills during The Broken. By the way, once we have spent time with these doubles of evil, we are completely amazed at why you should expect someone to be scared of them - they just hang around, with empty looks on their faces, maybe totally harmless after killing others. <br /> <br /> There are some nice moods and touches in everything, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could create a very elegant and suspenseful mysterious film if he were to hire an imaginative writer next time.
