A couple of days after writing about how to trash like MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH receive money while Ange, Duncan and Theo are totally ignored, I had to sit through another English film * which made me scratch the reason why he received a single cent. Some people may say that since DEAD BABIES is based on a much appreciated novel, it has a market in development, but both THIS EARTH and MAD COWS have been adapted from the novels and have been an ordeal to sit on as well <br /> <br /> I had read the synopsis of the plot in which a high-class timeless group goes to a remote villa where they are persecuted by an Internet cult, but to be honest this is not exactly the way history unfolds and everyone expects Friday 13 meets THE SHINING will be bitterly disappointed since 90-95% of the execution time is occupied with characters who take drugs and discuss sex. And that hateful characters are also them. None of them is in any way likeable and in a few minutes you will become nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot hoping that the next time someone embarks on the communist democide they will succeed in creating an egalitarian utopia. All that will mark the end of this insignificant bourgeois decadent that the hateful characters in this film embark can only be accepted <br /> <br /> Not content with giving us a movie where the plot is tortuous and where the audience fails a Connect with the characters the director continues to ruin things further by becoming intelligent and artistic. There is no doubt that it is to impress us, so we fall on our knees and we cry "Oh my God, what a wonderful director the way he cheats us with his highly artistic technique and only a useless pleb will not be able to appreciate what a god given this man's talent is ". I'm sure the vast majority of people shouted "Why have my plans been turned down while shit like this isn't?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this piece of shit?" You could defend the film by stating that the original novel of origin was adamant and this makes the film unwatchable. I agree that this film is unwatchable <br /> <br /> * I know IMDb's lessons as an American film, but the style and defects of DEAD BABIES are exclusively British. Americans may think they have difficult things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH. No wonder everyone is ashamed of being British in the 21st century
