This film could be used in film lessons in a "How not to Script a B-Movie" course. There are intrinsic constraints in a B movie: budgets are tight, time is precious (the scarecrow was apparently filmed in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. The only thing you have complete control over is writing the best script you can within the limits set before you. Scarecrow's script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go through about fifteen examples of nonsensical script in this film, but I will mention one: The Gravedigger. The undertaker character is introduced about an hour into the film. Apparently it has no connection with any of the other characters already present in the film. He is shown with his daughter, who has no connection with anyone else in the film. The undertaker receives a couple of scenes to behave in a gruff manner and then is killed to fill the body count. Why give a daughter to Gravedigger? Why give your daughter a boyfriend? Why introduce them so late in the film? Why not try to make them part of the ongoing plot? The scarecrow doesn't seem to matter. <br /> <br /> Scarecrow's "story" is something like this: Lester is a high school kid (played by an actor who wanted to be in his early 30s) who is chosen by other children. He's an artist who designs birds and has a crush on a classmate named Judy. His mother is a lush and whore from the city. One of his reprobate boyfriends makes fun of his drawings (calling him a "fagot" to draw birds instead of "monsters and cowboys". If you have a high school student who still draws cowboys I would think he's more likely to be gay than a high school student who draws ravens) and then he kills Lester, in a cornfield, under the tithe scarecrow. Magically, Lester's soul enters the scarecrow. Somehow, this transference changes Lester's soul from that of an artist to that of a spirit gymnast (I know some reviews have called the scarecrow a Kung-Fu scarecrow.) I disagree: the scarecrow does practically a whole routine plan before jumping on the truck during the climax of the movie). The scarecrow then continues killing those who tormented him, those who smoked grass in the cornfield, those who dug graves, the boyfriends of gravediggers, practically anyone who appeared on the set of the film. <br /> <br /> The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) makes an impromptu version of rap music, admits that he doesn't like having executives around on set so he can fuck his wife while he is working and give a quote to live (and I'm paraphrasing): "Life ez a bitch, but et has a nice ass "<br /> <br /> Number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 He helped: No Number of Beers needed to enjoy this movie: whatever it takes to get to the drunk blackout level.
