In the last 20 years most British films talk about how horrible poverty is in the UK and how our young people do not have the chance to live well while living in the lower streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"breaking Britain". Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and From London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to that list. The main character expresses the desire to go straight, but continues to insist on loitering with dead beats that carry weapons and fight with the gang members for nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go straight because there was nothing to stop him from pursuing an education or a trade. In fact it would have been a breath of fresh air if he went straight and we had a character that changed his life. Instead he spends his time helping his friend try to commit murder. I felt no sympathy when it is predictably struck by another teenager at the end of the film, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I really liked the whole family and their desire for success. I believe the producers have missed a great opportunity to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really fight for it (like the Search for Happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the purpose of this film was to try to paint a realistic picture of what life is like for black boys living in the working areas of Britain, but we don't already have enough films in United Kingdom with that same plot? Is it not time for these talented producers and writers to give the Britains youth something to aspire to and show them a better life is just around the corner? <br /> <br /> I congratulate the creators of Bullet Boy for not having uploaded the film to the full of senseless violence to try to achieve success through shock factors (like Kidulthood, Football Factory) but at the same time this movie offers nothing new to a long list of British films that are actually boring and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending to this film or any of the others I mentioned.
