One of the five worst movies I've ever seen. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I advise you to look at it to be able to experience the same feeling of disbelief that you might feel watching the Showgirls. <br /> <br /> On 400 votes, the film gets a rating of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it a 10/10, probably because of the message of the film: nuclear weapons are the ruin of humanity. Chuck Murdock is an all-star little league pitcher who gives up baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is a Boston Celtic all-star inspired by Chuck's story and giving up basketball. Soon all the sports leagues from the professional level to the university, to the high school, to the small league dismantle in a world protest. Later all the children of the world go on silence strike. This inspires the President of the United States to meet the Soviet Premier, who in time will agree to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The film ends with Chuck about to launch the first launch, with the president telling his new best friend Chuck not to worry about beating every batter, since he didn't throw a baseball in a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line a nefarious leader of the underworld kills Amazing Grace. When the President finds out he is told that the FBI can verify the killer but he will never be able to prove it. Then the president calls the leader of the underworld ("But it's one o'clock in the morning") "I don't care, bring him on the line") and tell him that he must resign from all the companies he sits and sell all the stocks he has. And not to go out again. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie was so lousy that it couldn't be turned off. It was on television from 2:30 to 4:00 and I saw everything. I was not excluded from nuclear weapons propaganda. I was excluded from the unstoppable failure of all organized sports. I don't even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And with all these famous athletes who became Chuck's friends, because his father was constantly upset that his son took a position of principle. And the moment of the cliché approaches the end when Dad tells Chuck: "I never told you, but I'm proud of you." A hug.
