It's a real pity that almost no one under the age of 30 knows the "over the top" of Michael O'Donoghugh's writing - SNL magazine articles and sketches that were brilliant for the time ... and so it's a real unfortunate that anyone can take the opportunity to look for his work no doubt take the easy way and watch the videos, then bringing them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This film has intelligent elements that never completely connect to funny bone. The viewer experiences things like the cat that dives / swims with the man who thinks he has found feline happiness by throwing these kittens in a puddle that the camera follows in slow motion and assembly sequence. Then we are taken to an island where all past fads are withdrawn (hula hoops, pet rocks, rainbow dread wigs etc.). Then we enter the world of music (punk was a new variety of music at the time of this film) where " The D "rate bar Rootboy Slim performer performs" boogie till you puke "in his lazy style of dirt and eclectic sleaze. Now the real beauty of all this is the background music. In many different styles with many different instruments the sound of TELSTAR plays and reproduces - for those who do not understand Telstar was the first American satellite launched in space and the theme was created to celebrate the genius and triumph of man. MR MIKES seems to have been understood as a sign of social decay of absurd waste. Now something that the theater offered was that the video's release was not a live performance by Sid Vicious (formerly sex pistol not the wrestler) singing MY WAY. His version is very different from Sinatra as one might imagine, but frankly I feel it's worth listening ... it's good! This is the sad part - in the VHS version Paul Anka rejects the rights to his song and the viewer is forced to try 3 minutes of silence with an explanation that crosses the image of the dead sex gun that sings. <br /> <br /> I would give the cinema release at 5 or 6 the video is closer to a 4 and now that so much is passé I can see where many people would give it a 3 or a 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh SCROOGED script clock ... it is a better tribute to man's intuition and talent.
