Well, I'm probably going to be criticized by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've seen in a long time. We have a 2 and a half hour movie that looks like its third and a half because it has two films in one. The first film tells the story of a family that has to move from their home due to drought and famine. They must travel south to the cities to find food or work of some kind. Conveniently it happens to find a bag of jewels and at the same time they discover that the drought is over. Yes, OK. With this awareness they return home with their riches and everything is beautiful and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half of film and, although at this point it is incredibly lifeless, it has a nice bow. You would think this would be a great place to finish the film. However, the film continues for another hour. And in this remaining time, it takes a simple story of a family that faces the difficulties of the world and turns it into a mushy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes and old age, money is the root of all the ills blah blah blah. Just because you know that making an epic movie does not mean that your story can continue unnecessarily for something more than is necessary. Furthermore, the main idea I would like to collect about this film is that the earth is good for this family and holds them together. So why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man in love with another woman, and why it's the final moment of the film dedicated to a wife that our main character hasn't even cared for most of the film. <br /> <br /> Oh wait and the movie is not the only thing badly written, the wife of the main characters makes absolutely no sense. He complains a lot about how he was a slave and never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why at the drop of a hat is he willing to sell his only daughter into slavery. Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still doesn't make sense when 20 minutes later in the film he complains about not wanting a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the thirties that should be paid attention to. The only thing this is doing is cinematography. The earth is turned beautifully, oh, and the sequence with the locusts is quite impressive. Too bad they were in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that right now Hollywood has focused mainly on the stars and they understand that a good actor can portray anything. For the most part of the film, Paul Muni plays an Asian man to the best of his ability, but once he reaches the middle point where the film goes on for no reason, he loses it and simply becomes old Italian Paul, they cut their hair so it looks like Tony di Scarface (also a better film than this). Of all the main characters in the film I think maybe three are actually Asians, the rest are just Americans who are stupid. Oh, please, Mrs. Rainer was a nice show of one note, not, if you could snatch the Oscar from your hands, oh I would. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth is an epic waste of time. If you want something along this space to watch in the beautiful evening, take The Grapes of Wrath, a film that really deserves all the praise it gets. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
