... because they are both pretty crappy. I think the best part of the film is the horribly imperial image of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. It seems that she can easily get out of that photo, tear someone to bloody pieces and quietly re-enter the portrait as if nothing had happened. Now, you know that a movie is in trouble when part of the decor gets your attention. I admit I paid $ 30 for the DVD just to see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you're thinking - $ 30 in a black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. There, it's really in the open. I was expecting some real fear, and I waited, waited and waited. No one came. The crow (probably a crow in the trick) didn't scare me, seeing little pieces of internal organs didn't scare me, and even Faye didn't scare me. I'm not that brave, I know, so it must be the film itself that is the problem. Besides, Jennifer wasn't scared either. Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more irritated than anything else. Her life was rapidly coming to an end and she was worried about getting more money. Honey, you can't take money where you're going !!! "I need money," he says continuously, completely ignoring the fact that his lungs have collapsed and stopped working. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the entire devastated movie wondering what Grandma (Faye) did. At first I was suspicious, Faye played a grandmother and all, and in the end I was still suspicious. There is another relative living in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen the Grandmother from Hell are forced to share temporarily, and I imagine she is of the same generation as her grandmother. Here's the weird part - the relative looks like he just put up with his eight hundredth birthday party. Mary Ellen seems to have just given a facelift by a famous surgeon. Facelifts can't do miracles, but I think Faye's appearance is important for the texture of rice paper. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is afflicted by a disease that affects bad acting ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously though, there is all the disease that causes their organs to fail and eventually disintegrates. Yuck, eh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did you avoid the family curse? Something is happening to her, of course. <br /> <br /> Another reason to mourn the loss of my thirty dollars - this film presents one of my pet's movies ever. I refer to the double final. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when it happens, and in this film it seems that the director shot the final, he didn't like it and forgot to remove it during editing. I guess it should be scary, but it's only if you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is an advantage to this debacle, though, and it's one of the reasons I bought the DVD. The comment of the "film director" presents Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how he acted when he had no lines to act. Guess what - the movie made me so sick that I couldn't sit down again. Drat.
