Jennifer's Shadow is set in Argentina and begins as Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer leaves Johanna's big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles even though her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) opposes the sale. As strange things start to happen, Jennifer starts having nightmares about the Ravens that get caught and she starts feeling very bad. After a hospital check-up, it seems that one of his kidneys has mysteriously disappeared, what is happening to Jennifer? Is it an ancient family curse? Will Jennifer will be the next to succumb ... <br /> <br /> This American Argentinian co-production was co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Parés and is a boring waste of ninety odd minutes, a boring and predictable modern ghost story that I imagine will put more people to sleep before scaring them. The screenplay by Vega, Parés and P.J. Pettiette is rather slow and boring which is not what everyone wants, I mean, I'm sure most people don't want to sit and be bored by their skull. The characters are all uninteresting and quite faceless with little or no motivation for whatever they do. For example, who is that cemetery guardian boy? How did he know about demons? What is your interest and motivation to get involved? I couldn't see it. Jennifer herself is a rather unlikely and bland woman, her grandmother Mary Allen is as common as it comes and it is surprising that she is so bad. By this mystery-based horror / ghost I mean surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both logic and history that, along with the terrible twist that isn't much of a turnaround, I didn't like the Jennifer's Shadow one iota. <br /> <br /> The directors Vega and Parés go very much used the whitening path almost all the color of the image that often makes it not too far from black and white, I suspect they wanted to give it a gothic touch of era but it has been done so many times before and often much better that it hasn't done much for me and makes the whole movie a bit boring and lifeless. There is also a precise 40s look, from the costumes to the interiors of the large house, but again it is rather light-hearted and economical. Jennifer's shadow is well done but it's rather forgettable, it's not scary or disturbing and it's quite predictable. If that wasn't enough, there is nothing strange, there are some scenes of Ravens that peck people and a beating heart, but nothing else. <br /> <br /> With an alleged budget of around $ 1,000,000 and titled The Chronicles of the Raven for its US release and international DVDs it is reasonably well done, but a million people won't buy you much in these days and Jennifer's Shadow practically proves it. There are also too many scenes of talking about actors with strong Argentine accents, although it might be realistic actually I like to be able to understand what people are saying. The acting is fine even if Dunaway does not work much and is obviously there for the money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a junk ghost movie that I thought was a total bore from beginning to end, I'd rather watch The Incredibly Strange Creatures that have stopped living and become mixed zombies !!? (1964) again instead. A total waste of time.
