This is undoubtedly the most disappointing and least gratifying film of the entire so-called blacksploitation genre, which, by the way, is a film that we generally enjoy a lot in our home. Rather than being "exploitation" or humiliating, these films actually provide an invaluable view of an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to manage the nightclub left by his deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is wholly controlled by a corrupt police force, which spreads the money for protection from all local businesses. Duke resists and decides he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does this by calling on a group of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as former black militants who have worked with Duke in "work" in the past) and simply kill the entire cold-blooded police department. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a justification for the murder, and it would have been much more fun to see Cracker police suffer for their actions rather than being beaten in the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in films of this genre, it is very different from seeing Pam Grier track down the hooligans who ruled out his family, swearing, kicking them jujitsu and set their 'on fire. This has art (and a reason to exist) and deserves a level of respect that is completely undeserved simply by shooting someone behind. Of course, in this bizarre story, he plays a woman completely under the thumb of Man, fearing the Crackers who run his city and oppress his people. In fact, his advice to Duke is: "Run, friend, they will kill you!" <br /> <br /> Following the nauseating and gratuitous violence, it is expected that we believe that the mayor of the city condones with all his heart the actions of Duke and his friends, congratulating them and proposing to organize a parade in them honor, as opposed to, for example, calling the district attorney to charge the allegations of capital murder against them and have them taken into custody. The lineage of the duke declines the parade and chooses instead to fill the numerous vacancies of the police created by their recent homicidal madness. They are immediately more corrupt than their predecessors to Cracker Police (to quote the mayor, "They are ten times worse than what we had before!"). Now Duke discovers that he must once again free the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt law enforcement officials and make the honest citizens again safe from running street prostitution. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all moral charges and sympathy due to a hero, since he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force. I wouldn't have cared in one way or another if he had saved Bucktown or he had corked himself at this point. I imagine we should be entertained by the clever way Duke should outsmart the new Police Goons, but in reality the film has just become a work of gratuitous violence, Duke kills all his former friends and cold-blooded allies with the same lack of compassion that he had when he shot down the Cracker Police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city, but Duke, Aretha and the employees of the local brothel died and bleed in the street, our hero and heroine walk away into the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redeeming values ; their no Duke is simply a murderous criminal and Aretha his misogynistic enabling accomplice. If you are interested in this kind of film, I highly recommend it, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby ?? but if in the process I had to come across this DVD, throw it away as possible! Let it fall as it is hot! It should be treated as it would be a glowing puddle of nuclear waste! There is not a single film in the whole era of Blacksploitation that is not dramatically more fun, satisfying and populated by characters more likeable and admirable than this piece of slime, obviously written and targeted by some second-year students unbalanced by the hormonal point of view.
