Night of the Comet begins as the world prepares for once in a lifetime, the passage of a comet of over 65 million years. Instead of watching the Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) light show she decides to spend the night with film projectionist Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in her booth ... They wake up the next morning and while Larry tries to leave the cinema, he comes attacked and killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina, but manages to escape from where he discovers that almost everyone on the planet has been turned into red dust. Almost all of them because by a surprising coincidence the only other person to survive is his sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), who desperately searches for other survivors and meets a long-time truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, a group of evil scientists needs human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from dust and are looking for involuntary donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt I found Night of the Comet is a nice viewing experience, I'm surprised by the amount of positive comments on IMDb, because I thought it was a boring crap that never lived up to its potential. The screenplay starts at 100 miles an hour with the destruction of the entire population of the Earth and with a zombie attack, but then it doesn't go anywhere at all and then finally introduces the sinister blood that steals the scientists towards the end of the film because at that point the subtle story has run has run. There are also holes in the plot, if these scientists want blood because shooting the three or four members of the gang and saving the two sisters when the boys would have provided more blood for their experiments, killing them seems only a totally bizarre and almost suicidal thing to do considering that they need blood to develop a cure, it makes no sense to say that if you are dying and need to experiment on human blood I would prefer to have five or six blood donors or just two? I don't have the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I mean what are the odds on this? When Hector confronts the scientist for the first time, he never mentions Samantha or where he was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before he committed suicide, so how did Hector know these things? I also thought after the first twenty minutes that the film slows down to the rhythm of snails and becomes incredibly boring and boring to watch, after listening to so many positive things about it Night of the Comet presents itself to me as nothing more than a boring piece overrated for shit. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked the look of the film with its dyed red sky and manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately there are too many shots of empty streets, there is a constant assembly of empty streets, deserted streets and abandoned buildings and it becomes extremely repetitive and boring. OK, we understand that there is no one else, so there is no need to continue to ram our throat by constantly showing roads without cars on them. Zombies are totally wasted, there are two zombie attacks in the whole movie and even two single zombies, even if there are a couple of nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet pays tribute, or tears away what you prefer, many other much better films including the mandatory end of shopping spree in a shopping mall raised by Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget any blood or blood, because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically Night of the Comet is quite good, the special effects are pretty decent and the production team was obviously very good at closing the streets. The acting was right for Maroney, as Samantha, the blonde with an air of a head, who became very irritating. <br /> <br /> The night of the comet was a great disappointment to me, I had hoped for much more. Persoanlly I found this movie boring, boring, uneventful and the vomiting sequence in which the sisters go shopping with the "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" motif is probably the worst moment in the film. Really bad and I don't understand why so many people, I'm sure I'll be slaughtered for saying it, so let the abuse begin I can take it ...
