I think there's applause for those who put together the trailer for the latest version of Rogue Pictures, "The Return". I myself, along with all the others, have been convinced to believe that this is actually a horror movie. On the contrary, however, it is actually a supernatural thriller. Too bad it's not exciting at all. <br /> <br /> 'The Return' sees Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of eleven. It was at that age that he began to have haunting visions that depict the murder of a woman he never met. While on a business trip in Texas, she is guided by these visions of the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There he comes face to face with another person who has often appeared in his visions. A man by the name of Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now desperate for answers. A search that could eventually result in his own murder. <br /> <br /> I really don't know where to start here folks. Which one should I mention first? The atrocious acting, the horrible direction or the terribly insipid story? No matter what I choose, my point behind each one is the same: they simply suck. Adam Sussman's screenplay is definitely idiotic. It's not interesting. It is not convincing. It is simply unpleasant. I kept waiting for something to start the "movie" (I put the quotes around the cinema because I don't think "The Return" deserves to be called a real movie because of its filth.) And at least give it some chance of hope, but nothing ever happened. I was left out in an unbearable cold to freeze. Even the stellar performances of the actors themselves could not have saved this disaster. Obviously they probably knew he had read the script and then agreed to make the "movie". I assume this is why the acting was so terrible. At least that's what I choose to believe. I really hope the cast is not proud of their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> <br /> Now the director was unmistakably bad, but I can't completely secure Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could, but I won't since I am a good boy.) I look at 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia because for all of you who don't know, this is his first full-length feature film. "He's just putting foot in the door and still learning, next time, well if there is a next time, hopefully it will improve tremendously.The only thing he was able to accomplish here was the almost total duplication of the visual style of the remake of 2003 by Marcus Nispel of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre." Now it is good that the "film" has been assigned to this, but unfortunately you will still not receive any applause for it. . (Even though it comes from a movie, I really enjoyed it.) <br /> <br /> I think Jim Pulse's American reconfiguration of "Pulse" will now have to overturn the title of Worst Film of the Year to "The Return . It is beyond question deserving of the title in almost every way imaginable. Now I do not doubt that this will make a small, and I mean very small, profit. No matter what, however, it will not exceed or equal the success of Gellar's success, "The Grudge". On that note, there is one last thing I would like to add. I can honestly say that I had never felt embarrassed to see going out from an auditorium until I saw "The Return". It's something I would never want to try again, along with the "movie" itself.
