In all my years of cinema, only once I went out for a movie, and this was the terrible "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema repaid the ticket and I went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" instead (a small improvement). That movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick", a comedy so inaudible that it almost became the second movie I ever came out of. "Dick" was so little fun that it was even impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh with it. <br /> <br /> Granted, paying to watch a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that it will be filled with inane "dick" jokes and a big disappointment, yet I had high hopes due to the noteworthy cast ( Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc. etc.) and a premise that at least promised something fresh. What the film produced was, presumably, four terribly predictable "dick" bars, comic temporal suffering from jetlag and a premise that has thinned after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene of "Forrest Gump" lengthened - indeed, laid on a rack and mutilated - over 90 heartbreaking minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main characters - the ruthless and insipid squealers who pant and incessantly roll the eyeballs - will participate in all the main Watergate events, you will begin to mentally control the plot as it proceeds: 18 minutes and a half deleted from Nixon tapes, CHECK; the Deep Throat matches with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean changes his mind and testifies, CHECK. The process drags on as languid and engaging as the true story of Watergate, with a laugh that reaches the starting point. And even if it is proposed to be a fun re-deconstruction of the events leading to the resignation of President Nixon, it turns into a comedy painted by number, in which you choose your own adventure, which fills the empty spaces that says very little and entertains even less. <br /> <br /> Even the strength of the film - the aforementioned cast - is incredibly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Trapped like him behind Liddy's thick mustache and straitjacket in this incredibly gloomy script, Shearer mumbles a few sentences, trying desperately to puzzle behind his nose and prosthetic eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comic minds of Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this film - ah, the blessings of nepotism) is just as bad. His H.R. Haldeman occasionally lends a great deal of lightening to the funeral plot, but the funniest thing about him is the sporting triumph - perhaps the funniest movies of all. And then there's Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick". (He has fun as fun.) He can play a solid Nixon, avoiding the pitfalls (such as exaggerated make-up, rubbery nose and Anthony Hopkins false teeth) while preserving the essence (the oscillations between human tenderness and roughness). I seem to forget someone. . . oh yes, the two stars of the film, those ultra-sparkling teenagers. I don't remember their names, maybe because I repressed their performances. Nothing could be further from the fun; nothing could be more painful than having to endure their release that ran the gamut of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "sullen" tossed. <br /> <br /> This film seemed to be a bad excuse to put together a 70s soundtrack and show off in outrageous style, both seem to be the norm these days for films and television programs set in the "Me Decade" . But clothes and music end up being a surrogate substitute for true characterization and plot, a kind of extra-plot shorthand that producers hope will compensate for anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use for this film is years down the road when one of his talented casts appears on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible cinematic excretion will be dragged to embarrass and, hopefully, humiliate the guest's stunning star. The sad thing is that the real villains of this - writers and producers - will be far from the camera's gaze, perhaps preparing another disaster like this. <br /> <br />
