When I first saw the preview of this movie, I couldn't wait to see it. The plot seemed good and the setting was great. I mean, a slasher movie that takes place on the night of the dance, great idea !! And the plot: a high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students goes mad, gets arrested and escapes three years later on the night of the dance! The night of the dance, a night that should be happy and memorable, turns into hell !! However, I saw it and was extremely disappointed. It wasn't just the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen !! First of all, it wasn't even scary. There was not a moment in that movie when I jumped out of my seat. Moreover, the crime scenes were so banal and boring. All the slasher did was stab his victims in the stomach several times or cut his throat. Also there was absolutely no gore (his nominal PG-13). The scene with more blood was probably the one in which the murderer kills the black girl. He breaks her throat and the blood splatter on the sheets around them (actually they don't show him to cut her throat). <br /> <br /> Then, you will see the assassins face the first time it is presented in the film. It's not mysterious, creepy or scary. It's just this guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, everything in the film was so cliché. An example is when, in the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and at the last moment, the detective shoots and kills him. Moreover, every single thing in this film was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the boy with a knife, runs for his life, hides, thinks he goes away, and then the killer shows up and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the film was extremely bad. The boy enters the hotel, kills some people, bodies are discovered, someone activates the fire alarm and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, has an encounter with the murderer, runs and runs away. That's all! She and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills the guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, then is killed by the detective. The sequence of the film was so stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If you think you see this movie all because the preview looked good, trust me, don't waste time and money. No wonder this film was shown in the smallest cinema theater. My friend and I, along with these two girls sitting behind, were the only ones in the theater. This should have told me something about the film in advance.
