The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say that Disney completely messed up when they made this sequel. I must admit that it has some positive points. The songs are not bad and the animation is clean and clear. There is humor, I'm sure of it - I don't remember, because after seeing it I immediately forbade it to appear again before my eyes. The worst point of this film is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes his father. She forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes, out of fear), just as it was forbidden to approach the land. I personally think that, given his past, Ariel would have kept some of his stubborn ways and not treated his daughter as if she were being treated herself. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula has been replaced by a pathetic, pathetic kind of sea witch (the undernourished and forgotten sister) who is more comical than scary. She also has a little subtlety to make her offer - but it's not scarier or worse than Ursula. Ursula ruined us with her credibility for evil. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat father with a deep voice (no longer the cute guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not even made by the actor himself (something always annoys me in a remake / sequel). (By the way, his voice difference was very obvious!) I felt that the only reason this film was made was that Disney could take a few quick dollars, which I hate to think of a company that I really like. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know this act (son who follows in the footsteps of a parent) happens, but Ariel was different. It was what we loved so much about her. She had a dream, she fell in love and made that dream come true. Until it appeared in this film, that is. Then it became like other adults. This is not the Ariel I know. And I don't like it. <br /> <br /> I know some children who liked this film, and I also know some adults who don't care. But for me, and for all of you out there who have maximum love for Ariel, please don't watch this movie. The Ariel we know dies inside, resurrected only for a song or two and a final scene that is actually not bad (where it accepts the water again) - even if it takes very little part in the final, regardless.
