I loved the first mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love history. I can't say anything like that in The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was a reversed copy of the first film. Same situations, except on the contrary! Ariel wanted to live on the ground, his daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was tricked by Ursula, Melody is tricked by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister ?? I do not know where he comes from. Besides being a strange copy of the first film, this movie plot seemed tired and uninterested compared to the first film. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her ?? !! He is no longer the stubborn and fearless teenager we all knew and loved from the first movie, now he has "grown" and his personality has gone to hell. Even his singing voice was not so strong, because Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that his talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - Even if he didn't have much personality in the first film, like all Disney principles, somehow his new voice and his few lines made him even more robotic. Finally, he can't defend himself, and Ariel becomes the tough guy. 3. Sebastian: he greets the adorable crustacean of the first film, because a small, chilling crab takes its place. He also didn't have good songs in this film. You can almost forget the glory that he earned by singing the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" of the first movie, and it's very sad. 4. Flounder- They destroyed it !! He is not cute anymore, his voice is terrible and now he has children ?? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana - Seems to be Ursula's sister for revenge against her mother, who has always chosen Ursula over her. He then plans to get the trident of King Triton to become the new ruler of the sea. Does it sound familiar? However, she is a very cliché villain and is not up to Ursula's greatness as a villain. She epically fails at witchcraft, it's not very hard and it's not at all threatening. 6. Melody - Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironic name because she, unlike Ariel, cannot sing. His voice is annoying, his friends (a walrus and a penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or funny, and it is exactly the same as Ariel, on the contrary and not as nice. Skip this. Don't watch Disney sequels except for Lion King 2. This movie has slaughtered the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories. I'll come back and watch this movie and laugh.
