Ok, for a long time Disney fans, I really have Disney-Direct-to-Video sequels. Walt HIMSELF did not believe it. He believed in "AND HAVE LOST HAPPY AFTER EVERYTHING" being the end of it. But this ... has really marked the taco. There were so many fights of other Disney movies in this, it wasn't funny. A brief summary, if you don't already know ...: Melody is born, Ariel's daughter and Prince Eric. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who basically resembles Ursula, should she turn green and follow Ally Macbeal's starvation diet) shows up and, after trying to be a newborn, and failing, prophesies fate for characters. After that test, Ariel lets herself be like her father, and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage, and later, forbids her from going near the sea. Well surprise surprise. Melody discovers that, being the stubborn brat who is, and escapes, makes an agreement with Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Gee looks familiar to you?) She becomes one, but in her half of the pact, she must retrieve her grandfather's Trident and bring it back to the sea witch. While doing THIS, meet a couple of marginalized animals, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb - eh? wait ... no! that's not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? He could fool me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but pretty much anything could be imagined to happen. OK so ... long story short. This film "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and does it horribly. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not just make Dash obscenely flatulent and make it an even more obvious repudiation! Ugh. Not to mention the total macabre character of Ariel's character. She went from being a scornful and stubborn woman to a clone of her father. It's not good at all ... they're practically telling us that the sweet and fiery little mermaid we knew to grow and love is dead. Besides, Melody itself is not such a great character ... it's damn boring! And bratty! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... however if you decide to see this piece of motifs created primarily for profit, without imagination, c ****** t sponsored by Eisner, I suggest perhaps to wait until it is on the Disney channel or some other television station. Because, the price of a rent is not even worth it. <br /> <br /> * of the stars *****.
