I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who basically wrote a remake even though there are few changes that only make it worse. SPOILERS: it is very similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes, but keeps his promise to take Melody away from them. Ursula has a sister ?! And she's not a big villain like Ursula. This is where there is similarity. The medolia is held by the sea until Morgana is captured, but knows nothing about it, because everything happened when she was small. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it inside and morgana. Every day he goes under the wall to take a swim and talk to Sebastian, which is not fun or funny as in the original. Find a shell with its name on it and run away from home and find the answers and find Morgana. Here is a similarity; Morgana jokes with Melody, making her happy by turning herself into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton look for her. To remain a siren, he needs to steal Triton's trident. So does Melody, because she doesn't know that King Triton is her father. He makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and this is where he is horrible. Penguins who live with them in an icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove that they are heroes and fail. This does not fit the little mermaid. And the dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and those two characters is a hemorrhage. do you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This is not and is not magical. It's just an example of how many sequels are bad. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and they help take it to Atlantica to test themselves. When they take the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother to keep her away from the sea, so as to give the trident to Morgana, then shows her true colors once she has grabbed her. Poor Ariel and Melody are in his custody. The penguin and the walrus begin to test themselves when they fight the friendly shark of Morgana. I'm sorry I didn't mention it before. In the end they prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but are forced to bow before Morgana for the power of the trident. Melody takes it, throws it on Triton and he says Morgana (literally). So Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's all his fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never said it. Triton offers Melody the chance to live at sea or on land. It has indeed a "better idea". Use the trident to vaporize the wall so that humans and mer-folk can be together. So everyone sings a terrible song. THE END. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has seen it and likes it obviously has not seen the original. I don't mind because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very, very young. Then, when I grew up, I started to see what's wrong with this movie. young people, small children will have fun, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. Normally I would think I missed a movie and it was better than I remembered when I looked at it again, but not this one. It's even worse. History is no exception. If you have thought, reading this that the story is good, read more of this comment and you will know the other negative points: Well, now you know the story. I'm sorry I ruined it for you, but I had to point out some negative parts. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible The original had a beautiful color. Watching this made me want to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful and magical coloring and a beautiful design of the underwater landscape and also for the earth, which makes it a joy to watch. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is crap. The songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think it's his name) that made Melody sing. Sometimes he sang too high or didn't keep track of the melody of the song. So much for having "Melody" as a name. And the music is not at all beautiful or moving. The Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for this and really deserved it. This deserved a raid award for the worst musical result in a sequel if it existed. <br /> <br /> I don't like voices. Several people who played characters from the first one did the same in this. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, with no offense to her, her voice is too deep and is no longer so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed by her and others who were the first to be part of it. If I was chosen for this movie, just reading the script, I can say it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is wiser now, but annoying. They exaggerated with his character, making her too mature. In the sequels, you don't want to change characters unless it's for a special reason. He was sixteen in the first. There is little chance of it changing. This is the stage where you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. The writers should think about it. They should think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I suppose it's for me. I hope my comment is useful, because I am sure that many of you will agree with my point of view.
