This film makes me want to vomit every time I see it. If you take the first movie and reverse the plot (Ariel wants to leave the sea, his daughter wants to go to the beach), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw in a bad animation and the biggest suck factor, possible, you get the mermaid 2. It is basically a copy of the first film with an inverted plot. I will take you through the horror of it step by step. These are the people of the first film: first of all, Prince Eric is still a prince, with about 3 lines in the whole film. Ariel is tense, annoying, and it is not the carefree and stubborn spirit we saw in the 1st. In fact, she is the exact opposite. Sebastian is still sebastian only less cute, less convincing as stressed, and the jokes are no longer fun. Flounder has about 2 lines. Now he has children and speaks in a stupid nasal voice. Scuttle is still stupid just not silly fun. The character of King Triton is probably the best, he still retains the intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric don't seem to be giving their daughter a hoot. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula - The new evil villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who feels like she always lives in the shadow of Ursula. I wouldn't have been afraid of her if she showed up at my door with a knife. She can't do anything right and she is a failure like a villain. It has the same ursula voice. Sebastian & Flounder - They were probably replaced by the stupidest helpers, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroes but they always fail when they try. the plot is so predictable. They become heroes in the end. Yawn. Flatson and Jetsom - Now replaced by a shark that has been transformed about 10 times smaller by the newt. He is really bad too. Morgana and the shark (sharkbait, I think it was his name) have no chemistry, neither good nor bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid has been replaced by her beloved daughter, her melody. Melody can't sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her in the face because she's so fake, sugary, sweet. She wants to go to the beach, she is clumsy and the children tease her, she must be. yawns. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film boring and unoriginal so simplistic when you watch this movie that you will be breathless at how bad it is. Some parts of the film make you want to call Disney and ask why such a horrible film was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Basically, comparing the little mermaid 2 with the little mermaid is like the comparison and the film by Ed Wood in Casablanca. Never look at it, even when you're bored.
