.... repudiation of a dozen top films. In particular "LA Story" by Steven Martin, who at least had the grace of being obviously fiction even though he was playing his then girlfriend who plays his girlfriend in the film. <br /> <br /> Yes, naive boys and girls, "20 Date" It is a mockumentary, although I am not absolutely certain that it was the intent of Myles Berkowitz when he started. My impression is that he started the project in a semi-serious way, then he immediately realized that it would be pathetic and not fun unless he made the situations more and more ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has an uncomfortable, cheap and insincere feeling about it. <br /> <br /> As some have cleverly pointed out, the film has two of the "dates" that sue and imposes restrictive orders on Myles and still appear in the film, which would be impossible as it would require a consent form . It also seems to me that most of the women who appear as "the dates" are professional actresses (albiet non Famous, except Tina Carrere) - they are simply too beautiful, shiny, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake in launching this kind of very pretty actress, instead of using a variety of credible women, who could have made the premise (even in a mockumentary) more believable and more fun . He also skates on what is probably his real-world problem, namely that both the movie character and the real world Myles Berkowitz appears to be functionally unemployed (his real-life credits are practically non-existent, except for this film). Even in the film world, his ex-wife divorced him for never having been hired. I think the viewer (not to mention the dates of Mr. Berkowitz's real life) deserve an explanation of how he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the United States, in a luxury apartment, to drive a car of luxury and to eat restaurants at a high price when you have not seen any source of income. (Is he a drug dealer? He lives with his rich parents? No clue!) <br /> <br /> You can get away with anything in a movie, if the jokes are really funny. "20 dates" is painfully, embarrassingly funny in the United Nations. Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to have his character, while on restaurant dates, to announce to his companions how the food served the dara or diarrhea or constipation - the WORST type of childish potty humor. <br /> <br /> It is not very surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz has never made a film before "20 dates" and in the last 8 years, he has not made a single film, he appeared as an actor in someone's movie else he had a script or producing credit of any kind. My instinct tells me that this film was not funded by "Elie" (the gangster soldier who appears off-camera), but more likely by Berkowitz's wealthy parents, or maybe it represents a shocking abuse of credit cards. Whatever it was, we can rest assured that it is unlikely that we will have to see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts. Hallelujah !!!
