While Bondarchuk was not at all a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only a single photo, a successful adaptation of a brief history of the Second World War, to his name. Bondarchuk, of course, was already a star of acting established for a decade, but Thespian's skills meant little behind the camera and, as a director, he was sadly unprepared to undertake such a large production. And it manifests itself through disconcerting compositions, particularly evident in group scenes, often unfortunate camera positions, wildly variable performances for the director apparently so overwhelmed by the vastness of the task that the actors were apparently left to themselves, strange voices that sound like radio broadcast announcements. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason that pushed the Soviet government to spare no expense on this production. The USSR version of Vidor's photo made a big hit. Of course, Bondarchuk wanted to emulate the biggest force in the Hollywood movie and find his Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a dark-haired thing with large dark eyes somehow resembles Hepburn. Unfortunately it was a Kirov dancer without experience or talent, so the kindest word I can find to describe her performance is "horrible". <br /> <br /> Although one might expect that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, would have a better understanding of them than foreigners, but this War and Peace often shows that this is not the case. The revolutionary upheaval has wiped out the thin upper layer of Russian cultural soil, from which the world of War and Peace was born, so a good part of these big names Soviet actors involved in this production often seem unable to play American Shakespeare (I don Of course American actors can't believably play Shakespeare, but you'll understand what I mean if you've seen American cast members in Branagh's adaptations. Of the three main characters only the Pierre of Bondarchuk is commendable, but he too was too old for the part and feels out of place in the beginning.
