Very bad but watchable science fiction film that suffers from abominable special effects, mediocre acting and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a spaceship returning from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with a green slime on his arm. She, through some plot tricks, begins to tell what happened on this fateful journey because almost all the tapes seem to have been magnetically erased. Four astronauts embark on this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart of a poor man who loves to say the word "Irish" and has the ability to act as a cod, then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only a female troupe in flight with three men wearing the most adherent clothes possible to accentuate all her curves, then, Les Tremaine, a wonderful character actor from inexpensive science fiction films like this like egypt, and finally, Jack Kruschen like Sammy - the Brooklyn guy with jokes and doesn't look too bright even though chosen for his experience in electronics. None of these interpreters is really good, and everyone says their dialogue with little conviction. Watch Tremaine as she utters those scientific nonsense! Actually, the best of the four is Kruschen - and this says a lot about this film. Apart from bad acting, the film falls apart when they land on Mars through flashback. The Angry Red Planet had a really cheap budget because Mars is really the American Southwest with a red tint on it. When the story requires something that might seem Martian, there are drawings with a red tint on them. You can say they are drawings. Monsters are perhaps even worse when we take a Bat-rat spider with a size of 40 feet that some children seem to have gathered by putting together dead animals. The other significant creature is a giant amoeba with a swinging eye. Thank god! These are bad. There is a beautiful drawing of a Martian city, but there was not enough in the film. Despite all these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a funny and bad movie. It is truly fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they used in the film are so obsolete. A guy is using an electric razor with a rope and I thought they could get to Mars, but they're still using ropes. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting look at most of the film even with budget constraints, but the story from him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how does it end with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
