A spaceship returns from Mars; a couple of months earlier, a 4-person expedition was sent to the red planet. Much of the image is a flashback of what happened there. The image is plagued by a mad and melodramatic dialogue, typical of many science fiction efforts of the fifties and sixties. Note, for example, how the ship's captain (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stay there" for no reason; as if moving to another point inside the ship caused a problem. Later, the commander orders two crew members to remain in the ship while he and another go out. The two ordered to remain "no way" and to follow; I had no great hope for the success of the expedition from this point. There is a lot of talk about "ear spasms" and a freezing gun called "Cleo" (abbreviation of Cleopatra, obviously) is embraced. It would be at least rather amusing, unintentionally, if the story didn't drag on. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow pace throughout; astronauts spend all their time looking out the portals of the ship's windows (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, while on the outside they actually explore. The Martian landscape, advertised as a movie in "Cinemagic", usually resembles animation cuttings, or drawings, shot through a red-orange filter to give the illusion of interacting with the actors, who take on a strange surreal look due to the process. But I don't think it makes anyone get over 10 years old. The only intelligent mention I noticed is that the memories of the surviving astronaut were tinged with unreality, in order to explain the unreal nature of the Martian view. Oh, ok ... <br /> <br /> I've been amused by some of the astronauts' actions as they begin to explore; Immediately after the bat, they test their frozen gun on a plant, killing it, just for the fun of it. Then the female member makes a machete with what she thinks is a tree but turns out to be the rat-spider monster's leg. Nice lady. Look next time. No wonder the 'intelligence' on Mars gets angry and does not disdain that one of the lower life forms, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. Acting is not too impressive. In particular, Mohr had a very annoying technique, saying a sentence and then suddenly exploding into a huge smile that always scared me - It reminded me It! terror from beyond space. The ending is quite anti-climatic; don't expect huge revelations beyond the "no more expeditions" with frozen guns named Cleo.
