Reading my review of THE HOUSE THAT SCREAMED, many may assume that I am 14 and think that SCREAM is considered a "classic" horror. This is not the case, given that I am 30 years old and have watched horror movies for most of my life. But I have to admit, I'm a kid from the 80s raised on slasher / zombie / ghost / cannibal, etc ... types of horror movies - so I usually prefer more graphic and faster horror movies. Just like someone who can appreciate different music, painting, or in this case, the film - but not necessarily like them - I can understand why some people can appreciate this kind of film ... I just don't ... <br / > <br /> THE HOUSE THAT SCREAMED is an extremely boring and boring film about a school for rebellious girls. The heavy mistress of the school rules with an iron hand (or in some cases with a whip ...) to keep the girls in line. He has a small son who sneaks in and peeps on the girls while they shower (in their nightgowns no less (?!?) ...), and meanwhile, the girls are disappearing from the school while they are victims of a murderer who is lurking for the campus ... <br /> <br /> I can understand why the HOUSE THAT HAS SCARPED is often compared to SUSPIRIA (which is a masterpiece of a film in my opinion ...), in terms of atmosphere of the school itself and the interaction between the girls and their guardians - but this film is so boring and peaceful that I can't barely stand it. I'm all for "tension" and "suspense" in horror films - but this film has had neither for me. Fortunately, I didn't expect a whole lot of this story, so I can't say I was really disappointed - THE HOUSE THAT SCREAM just reinforced the fact that I personally don't like most horror movies much older than 70's. This is not a hard and fast rule, but the ones I enjoyed definitely seem to be more of an exception. Probably a "must-see" for horror fans who love the most sober and suggestive horror movies - but since I don't really know too many fans of that kind of material, I can't really recommend this ... 4/10
