60 minutes in the beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape the isolated college that led to the beginning of the film. Is he running away from a kind of fate too horrible to contemplate, a monster, a murderer with black gloves or a supernatural evil? No, he's running away from a group of bullies. For the next 40 minutes that follow, various figures go around the school in the dark holding candelabra and seem alarmed or upset, which doesn't say much per se, maybe because great movies have been made about this, but if you're going to having characters walking the corridors and stairs is better if you are Alain Resnais or better know how to light that staircase in bright red apple and violet like Mario Bava. We know that a murderer travels the perimeters of the school, but his number of bodies is pitiful and scarce and in the absence of the visceral horrors that one expects to find in the yellow, we have no sense of sinister unspeakable / secret mysteries that creep up behind front of order and pity and correctness which is the kind of film that La Residencia wants to be but doesn't know how to do it. We know that something does not work because the girls are told that they are missing, but we never have the presumable mysterious atmosphere that says "something is seriously wrong here, man". When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of female students, he does so with rapid hysteria and close-up details of eyes and half-closed lips while the acute "shocking" music plays in the background. None of the ethereal beauty and desire of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK are found here. It's all a bit clumsy and aimless, without a real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people are presented as suspect, but there are few reasons to take care of the identity of a killer who goes unnoticed by the characters in the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife hitting the target superimposed on the victim's anguished face like a lullaby bell in the background, but the rest is too irrelevant for my taste. I must say that Serrador did much better by killing the children and the paranoia of the sun by CHI PU K KILLING A CHILD?
