In practice, the only other actor who would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, yet somehow Hamilton manages to get a reasonably effective portrait (and as a producer of the film, it is not likely to be fired or told he wasn't right for the part!) The precocious life of the reckless motorcyclist is told here in multiple flashbacks. The film opens with a rather silly prologue with Hamilton in his ribbed and white leather gear that spits the world according to Knieval as if to say "Don't worry, this film is about my youth, but I'll come back to my family costume at the end of photo. "Hamilton is preparing for a big jump, yet he is still licking his wounds from the previous one while his devoted wife Lyon supports him and mocks him. He remembers various cartoons from his delinquent childhood and adolescence along with his early days as a knight feat and celebrity in bloom. This flip-flop approach is rather abrupt and sometimes disjointed, but prevents the film from sticking to one of its cheap sets for too long or entering a routine with enough pedestrian characters. Hamilton, usually a suave and casual character, does a great job of staging the little details of the mannerisms and behavior of his subject, including his walk. His hair is lighter and longer and he works hard to give the right inflections in his speech. (It also pays less tribute to Knieval's many wounds by appearing in a skimpy towel while his shoulders are covered by "scars" from numerous accidents.) Facially, he doesn't look like the real cyclist, but suggests it in his physical performance. Lyon is very good at playing the young girl she loves and then the most worldly wife, even if her 3 packet voice a day threatens to give it away at a given time. She and Hamilton create an easy chemistry that does a lot to finish the film. Other beautiful support turns are given by Freed as his exhausted doctor, Cameron as a juvenile influence and Taylor as a cannibal barker. The film was made on a low budget, but the story is still rather low, so it doesn't have a negative impact. The producers have wisely used Butte, in the towns of Montana, to give the film a true small-town atmosphere. Many of Hamilton's antics are fun, even if the character is certainly reckless and reckless about the properties of others! Some of Knieval's true completed and failed stunts are included in some blurred images, one of which presents a mind-boggling "splatter" in which the man is rolled up and shakes like a rag doll. The then wife of Hamilton (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
