Well, you might not see any woman in love in this movie, but surely you will hear about women talking about love, and men talking about love, and women talking about men, and men talking about women, and men talking of men, and everyone talks about death, they talk and talk, until you yourself want to scream and do something that doesn't require talking at all, like painting your bedroom or watering your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psychophysical superstitions reign and where no one can descend to live a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spend time with the characters in a novel by D.H. Lawrence is like being cooped up in a closet with a group of more self-absorbed acquaintances you would run away from if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love", I desperately wanted to strangle every single character, but since I couldn't, I hoped they would at least strangle each other. Alas, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I don't want to ruin it for you by telling him which, if he really cares about this story or one of these people. <br /> <br /> To give the director Ken Russell what he deserves, it makes this filmed version as much fun as it is possible to make this novel essentially adamant. He throws out much of the psychological mumbo-jumbo that Lawrence worshiped, and instead focuses on all the bad parts, so we get a lot of histrionic lovemaking in beds and fields, two naked men fighting in the firelight and a embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (yup, naked buck again) wandering in a meadow making love to bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the most dominant of the two sisters at the center of the story, and certainly tries to do something with this material; anyone would deserve an Oscar simply for having to endure Russell's decision to give her a scene in which she has to dance wildly in front of a herd of mysterious-looking cows. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense glower. Everything is overwritten and over-directed, and is deliriously campy. In fact, this is in competition with "Mommie Dearest" as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical film I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Vote: D
