"Prom Night" is a remake of the title of the 1980 slasher film starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in a city in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to her prom and had fun after going through some extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends arrive at the prom, which takes place in a large hotel, and try to enjoy what should be the funniest night of their lives. No one knows, a man from Donna's past, who haunted her for years, is also at the dance ... and is willing to kill anyone the way he pursues her. <br /> <br /> I am a fan of the original "Prom Night", so I tried to keep some hope in this film, but I must admit I was pretty disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst affliction a horror film can have, and this is predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here, and I felt I had seen everything in this film done dozens of times, often better, before. What does this mean for the public? Boredom. Unless you've ever seen horror movies or been part of the pre-teen crowd, but most of the audience will probably be able to guess almost everything that will happen. The plot is simplistic, but the entire script lacks any kind of surprise, twist, atmosphere or anything else, and this really hurts the film because it never gives the audience anything to sink their teeth into. It all seemed very bland. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain that this is a PG-13 slasher movie, and I understand what they are saying, but I don't know I think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimum of gore. Take for example "Halloween" by Carpenter - a little or no violence on the screen, but still an extremely scary and effective film. You don't need blood to make a movie scary, but even "Prom Night" was violently free (which it isn't, it's very tame), it would have added little to the movie anyway because there's not much in the movie script to start with to start. Here the tension and suspense are quite mild, and I spent most of the film predicting the outcome of the situation, and it was corrected about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well enough written to allow the public to establish a connection with them, and their resignation from the number is routine and uncaring. <br /> <br /> I will underline some things that I liked about this film, though, because it was not completely useless: the cinematography is really beautiful, and everything was very well filmed and quite elegant. Among the "skirmishes" (which for the most part are very predictable), there were some that were quite intelligent. Even the sets for the film are beautiful and the hotel is a perfect place for the plot to be revealed, no matter how predictable it may be. As for acting, at best it is mediocre. Brittany Snow plays the decent part, but in reality the rest of the cast doesn't show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain, and is probably the most experienced performer here, but he's not that impressive either. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical "Masked-Stalker" killer that we see a lot. As for the finale, the last fifteen minutes of the film bored me at the end of my spirit and was very anti-climber. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very close to numbers, routine and predictability, which is a bit upsetting considering this could be a good slasher movie. There were some good moments, but the film lacked suspense or atmosphere, and had little storyline development or believable characters. I would recommend experienced horror fans to save their money and wait until they are on video or rent the original, because there are absolutely no surprises here. Some might find some entertainment, but it was too predictable for my taste. I expected better, and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
