I almost made a fool of myself when I started this review by saying "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT" but then I looked for the resume of screenwriter Lee Hall only to find out that he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it's Mr Hall that you're taking play myself not me <br /> <br /> Am I a little cruel to him? No, because Lee has something that most aspiring British screenwriters don't have: he has his foot in the door, he has already written a successful British film that won awards and made money at the box office and what will he do next? It gives the public more of the same <br /> <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives in some estate of a kitchen sink. He is bullied at school and nobody loves him. The only thing that keeps him going is that he has aspirations to become a dancer. No, actually, he has the aspirations to be an angel but, considering his family, he could also be a dancer. He has a macho disaster of a father who thinks "The dancers are a bunch of brats while the grandfather says" The ballet dancers are hard like everyone you could meet. I remember seeing the Bolshoi ballet ... "Yup Ballet is a main point of discussion in a ruined house of the British council of those times - NOT. Come to think that not even left politics seems to be the only reserve of the middle class good guys who live in big and beautiful houses, so immediately everything on this set is ridiculously false <br /> <br /> Another important criticism is that this is a film that has no idea who is trying to attract criticized Channel 4 for broadcasting films at totally inappropriate times (THE LAND THAT TIME FORGOT at 6 am for example), but they showed this at 2 am and for once they understood, considering the story involves politics, ballet (Gawd I hate it) lung cancer and poverty there is no way this can be considered suitable for a family audience, but since the main protagonist is an 11-year-old child and presents angels and dancers (Notblaming me if he seems obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer to them either - there isn't much here for an intelligent adult audience. Of course, if Lee Hall had been informed, during the development of the script, by the producers that he would have to write a story with a schoolboy and an angel and categorically refused to want to write about other themes and stories so I will apologize but throughout the film has the feeling that once completed the film would be marketed to the same audience that enjoyed BILLY ELLIOT
