Can you tell a Lew Grade production a mile away ?? distinctly British in style; epic in conception; populated by cast of international stars; usually set in exotic climates. It is a formula that Grade and its ITC company used in the 70s in the early 80s, obtaining titles like The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, Grade produced March Or Die, an extraordinarily old-fashioned foreign legion adventure that shapes all the features mentioned above. Directed by the usual reliable Dick Richards ?? who directed the acclaimed Farewell My Lovely just a couple of years ago - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionaries led by the hard disciplinary general Foster (Gene Hackman) was sent to Morocco shortly after the First World War. Their mission is to protect an archaeological party faced by the dedicated Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists are conducting an excavation in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribes following the decimation of a previous archaeological group. Foster is not satisfied with the task ?? he does not consider historical artefacts worthy of his men who risk their lives. This creates a continuous tension between him and Marneau, who believes that legionaries must sacrifice their lives to make excavation possible. The problems increase when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) labels with the legionaries. He hopes to find out what happened to his father, a historian abducted by the Arabs when they wiped out the first archaeological team. His presence arouses desires among the legionaries, none more than the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a fascinating and courageous rogue who initially shows indifference towards his legionary colleagues but gradually grows in stature. Things culminate with a huge battle in Erfoud, with swarms of Arab tribes united against the handful of legionaries as they try desperately to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> Does the duo of stars of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill appear to be missing from the paper? Hackman is the protagonist of the heavyweight Oscar, Hill the beautiful but limited Italian heartbreaker of numerous cheap spaghetti westerns. Hackman is expected to take his counterpart off the screen. And yet, in a bizarre way, it is Hackman who gives the weak and non-addictive performances, while Hill increases his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is filmed in an attractive way in desert places, but the rhythm is tremendously slow and some of the characters deserve attention. Is the music of Maurice Jarre also strangely flat ?? very disappointing from the guy who gave us the Lawrence of Arabia score. It is extraordinary that someone had the courage to try an old-style adventure of this type in the 1970s (it was a genre that peaked in the 1930s, and was almost forgotten during the following decades). Unfortunately, gambling does not really pay ?? this tribute to the old legionary films becomes more than a step than a march.
