We see a dead girl's body in a morgue with the coroner trying to close the girl's eyes, but whatever you feel they won't stay open. Then we move into the future and follow a group of former schoolmates who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly begin to tear themselves into pieces one after the other in gruesome ways. Through the flashbacks we learn of this terrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be part of the group, but was excluded from them because they dug her past and discovered some strange events. So, did you come back from the grave looking for revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh what a fantastic and always spooky story! Well, that's what I hope to be able to say. And 'hoping' was as good as it was. This is a supernatural and so supernatural horror film that I've seen before, but I thought it was my first vision. So, to my surprise, it struck me when I started collecting certain things, but like I said it's a rather forgettable mix that seemed to me a first sight again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds a little bit of jelly changes Oh, please give me something that's a little cooler, it doesn't have to be completely original, but this is a pretty tired J-horror . Even if you shake along the usual ghost story involving you have guessed a seemingly evil and vengeful chick spirit. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity of being the same old, same old story and jolting: this kind of entertains when it is horrible and crackling in some gruesome images. The dead are vividly shown with bite and some originality. The gloomy atmosphere drives the audience away with its murky lighting. scene that involves the spirit terrifying one of the girls is a thrilling experience, but in reality when he is not trying to shock you, I found it rather coma inducing and I thought I would get some noise, which could be hard, but it's just no interest has gone anywhere among those shock moments. It could be said that, since the alleged mystery is not really that great, the uncertain story is simply flat and the characters are an egocentric group that doesn't really care what happens to them. The disconnected story should have focused more on the spirit than on that of those insignificant characters who have an unconvincing group relationship. He simply exaggerated his cards by becoming overly confused and taking too long to move forward that when it comes to the climax it's simply ridiculous. However, the film's disturbing ending is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The film looks okay, even though it could have done without the elegant, quick focus assembly and the soundtrack was a bit overbearing in playing the atmosphere. Performances trample a thin line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead role. <br /> <br /> It is nothing new and shamelessly steals ideas, but if you can look beyond that it offers some nasty chills. Although, I found the management of it rather lethargic, despite the odd effective chills. I believe a well-rounded standard effort, but it is equally striking.
