In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma ventures into what can be called an unknown territory where the blockbuster takes on a new shape. The Thakur heads south. Muhanlal as Narsimha, the police inspector whose family was killed, seeks Madrasi-style revenge. The accent is totally South Indian in contrast to Thakur from the north. Even the cutting of Thakur of Gabbar's hands is reduced to the fingers in Aag. So make-up costs are reduced because there are no efforts to hide your hands, but only a Kurta with long shoulders covers his cut fingers. Moreso in the climax where the Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to the mere paer hi kaafi hai" here Narsimha uses his butts to shoot with a gun and kill the bad guy. Babban, also the new avtar of gabbar is different. It is not of Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's infamous laugh is also in two episodes this time and is more subdued. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and plays Urmila as a substitute for Helen in Mehbooba. she also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh playing Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. Baban is smarter this time. He throws the apple and asks the question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravitation. Basanti is more verbose than the Ghungroo autopilot. Nisha Kothari cannot play the driver and seems too artificial using words like "entertain" and "too much" with gay abandonment. Viru was fun while Ajay Devgun is a misfit for the role. The God Speaks to Basanti incident and Koi Haseena's shooting lessons and song and water tank sequences are painful. The water tank turns into a well and the drunk Devgun is so bad in the sequence that the public would have wanted him to commit suicide. Jai was composed and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the others because we don't expect anything from him. But he also messed with Mausi's sequence. It's not as romantic as Jai with the mouth organ. The role of Jaya played by Sushmita changes the career. A pure housewife turns into a doctor this time by immersing herself in full-time social work after her husband was killed. She also misses the pain that Jaya showed. His flirtations with Jai are more open this time. Samba has a more important role this time as Tambe. He must not aim guns and answer Gabbar's questions this time. Following Babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility out of the den. The horses give way to Jeeps and cars. Gabbar's hideout continues to change and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all it is more a parody than anything else. RGV has its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and dialogues. So we call it a parody. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start creating originals.
