Sholay: considered one of the greatest films. I always wondered if they would ever do the classic again. That was the time RGV announced this film and I was a little excited to see it. I always thought that maybe this would be a good movie, but every week we would have RGV change something. And the film is a B-Grade movie, something I hadn't hoped for. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look for the positives, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. Cinematography is fantastic. The film tries to be his. But this is the positive side. Action sequences are weak. The script had potential. The biggest flaw is assembly. None of the scenes excites you. For example, the comic sequences felt very out of place and forced. Ironic because the comedy was just as fun in the original. And none of the characters is developed. And no scene will linger until the end. And the ending was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is acting. Amitabh Bachchan was as good as Gabbar Singh, nothing exceptional. It seemed that they concentrated too much on his appearance, that the character had a threatening appearance, but you are not scared. Mohanlal is barely in the film, but impresses in his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It wasn't so much the performance, he gave everything, it was the weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to get away with better films. <br /> <br /> I had more expectations for Sushmita Sen, which was probably the best on the lot. It was expressive, but it was still not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed mostly uninterested, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. He seems to need to find a director who helps his talent, not his cute appearance. But what disappointed me most was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal didn't do the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they almost suck. Urmila's Mehbooba was too swollen and I practically slept. He was still well danced. The Holi number was pleasant, but not memorable. The same went for the other songs. For someone who was looking forward to this film, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his Jungle, but he seems to have lost his talent during the filming of this movie. But I hope he regains his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this film is better to forget. All the positives still don't compensate for the boring movie that it is.
