I can't find the right words to describe the horror I felt sitting in that cinema watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's timid attempt to pay tribute to that classic Bollywood western, Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he doesn't even try to make a credible movie. It is evident in every single frame of this film that Varma's heart is not alone in it. What you see on the screen is, at best, a bad joke, a gimmick from the director, and it pays to see how little he thinks he's showing for a film that claims to have been a fan of his entire life. I've seen several bad movies over the years, but I can't remember one that was tortured as much as this one. Consider yourself very brave if you are able to survive the entire movie, because it tests your patience as few films have done before. Varma could borrow the plot and characters from the original film, but its version is trivial and empty and has no Sholay spirit or energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of that timeless gem because it turns out to be all that the original film was not - too exaggerated, too too boring and completely mindless. Moments much loved by Sholay are parodyed by Varma and for this you want to twist your neck. One of Sholay's most memorable scenes in which Dharmendra in the role of Veeru climbs the water and threatens to jump down to death is filmed in this film with Ajay Devgan who plays Hero, pulling a gun to his head threatening to shoot himself. How you wish you had pulled the trigger and saved all the suffering. Not only does Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fail as a Sholay remake, it's a pretty nasty effort even as an independent film. The background score that damages the eardrum seems more like someone roaring pots in the kitchen, and the camera work alternates between dramatic and dizzying. The partners in this terrible crime of bringing this ridiculous film to the screen are the actors in the film mostly as dead. Sushmita Sen as Devi the widow takes both her role and the film seriously, punctuating her lines with pauses, staring at the camera by effect, and generally performing as if her life depended on it. Mohanlal in the role of Narsimha, struggles with his dialogue in Hindi and seems embarrassed to have delivered some of the most stupid traits of his illustrious career. The newcomer Prashant Raj who plays Jai-equivalent Raj has nothing to act and he can't strum the intense intensity that Amitabh Bachchan brought to the part in the original film. Like Hero, the new Veeru, Ajay Devgan is entirely hopeless, failing miserably in his comedy attempts. But the weakest link in the film, the most shocking casting decision, is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who puts herself in the shoes of Hema Malini in the role of Basanti, Sholay's captivating empty head. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in this world, she gives the annoying word completely new meaning, and makes you want to cut your wrists every time it appears on the screen. And then, there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular Hindi movie villain Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble who recognizes the exaggerated tone of the film and plays accordingly, Bachchan builds a threatening character that is a pleasure to watch. He should be a cartoon villain who growls and grimaces, hisses and hams, and does all this with good results. But since he is trapped in such a doomed enterprise, his performance really does not help to elevate the film in any way. No surprises here, I go with zero on ten and two inches down for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it is one of those painful film viewing experiences that I wouldn't even put down an enemy. It is not that Varma has not managed a remake before. With Sarkar he gave us a captivating and captivating welcome on The Godfather, and it is a pity that he created this Sholay bhature from such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision ever, it is also a dark spot on his resume that will always be embarrassed. I suspect that this film will go down in the history of cinema as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
