A drama in its deepest core, "Anna" shows that genuine truth that all actors grow old and sometimes vanish. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home, and can't do anything bad to her? but she refuses to belittle herself to do a job she doesn't believe. He has a hard, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant nose when it comes to his life, but he is not afraid to let others in, but falls in an instant. Anna flip-flops between personalities, which makes this film the ideal of an aging star, but not the idea of ​​the viewing public. "Anna" was praised for her star Sally Kirkland, and for her ability to become "ramshackle" for the role, but a month after 2008, "Anna" does not remain a staple of film culture. It is dated, boring and formally chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a message hidden in "Anna" about the lies of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to leave them on stage. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to bring out Kirkland, and he is not afraid to diminish the surrounding characters so that when he leaves the film, it is Kirkland that you remember. If it's not obvious, this movie didn't do well with me. From the opening of the first act and in depth in the second, "Anna" felt like a theatrical production of high school. The characters were non-existent, there was no illuminating pre-history, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, who stubbornly said she was better than the other actresses who competed for the same lifestyle she wanted. By chance he meets a friend, a girl who has also traveled a long distance to get to America for the glitz and glamor, and two of them (in the space of 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all the walls. It's emotionally boring and unbelievable. Again, at random, do we meet Anna's boyfriend, Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? just to increase the attention on Anna of Kirkland. Over the course of nearly two hours, we observe how multiple random acts coupled with unnamed characters intertwine together to weakly create a story that is held together by scattered strands ?? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to keep saying it, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic film if Bogayevicz had presented equal time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced to a unilateral game in which the emotional scenes speak louder than plot . <br /> <br /> Is this where Charlize Theron found inspiration for her beautyless role in "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the first actresses to discover that letting herself be taken for an Oscar character will shine in their direction? Throughout this film I was disgusted by the portrait of Anne of Kirkland and the lack of excitement of Bogayevicz for something else. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who doesn't work hard for her parts, doesn't care for others, and is generally petty? yet should we feel sorry for her? Towards the beginning of the film, he forces what he wants to do to others, and gets angry when he can't do it his way. Of course, the aging actresses are attracted to them, but Kirkland creates a more childlike character rather than a mature one. That's where "Anna" could have improved. If this was a mature Kirkland, I would have swallowed it, but this babbling babe Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was nearing its end, where Anna goes to see one of her oldest playing movies (including absurd make-out characters) and the movie burns out, this scene is also one of my favorites. Anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, creating movies and building the dream, but when someone else wants to get in the spotlight, she becomes jealous and indignant. This didn't make for a character that I wanted to stand back nor win the Oscars. Coupled with the classic background synthesizer of the 80s, the exaggerated wardrobe at the top, and the ending shifted (where did it come from and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" has slipped away into the field of fantastic cinema. It was a show, an opportunity for a aging star to scream at the world once again. This worked, but I don't think I'll be deceived again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can't say I was impressed by this movie. "Anna" is not a film about an aging movie star; it's about Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails because Kirkland won't let him or realizes that there's not enough to support a complete story. There are one or two decent scenes in this film, but nothing that promotes this film as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character that the public could believe, tear up or dedicate a Sunday afternoon with ?? has created a nuisance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who sounds a bit exaggerated and crunchy on the sides. Maybe I missed the purpose of this film, but what makes films like this is the collaboration of all those involved. This was not the case here. In "Anna", Kirkland orders Daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet during the whole emotional scene, I couldn't help but think that it was what Kirkland was to those on set. He did not turn this film into a film, he turned it into his own production, and for this "Anna" failed. Can't I suggest this to anyone ?? from one Czech to the other ?? skip it! <br /> <br /> Vote: * ½ on ***** (for that annoying theater scene that chased me)
