There are some saving qualities for this show. One is that the melody of the theme has a decent melody. The show has a nice premise. Besides, I'm probably in the minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she's interested, and she's more of a mother figure to Timmy. However, despite all this, I don't like this show, it's not excrement but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I wouldn't say it's the best animated show on Planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated television program, I think of Peter Pan and the Pirates, I think of Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes the Wild Thornberrys and who regrets that someone is made fun of. Nor do I think Fairly Odd Parents is the worst animated show on Planet Earth. I accept that it's annoying, and somehow overrated, but it's not the worst Nickolodean show. That's Chalk Zone, god that the show is unwatchable. But the worst animated show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a Clue, which is coarsely animated, not funny and frankly a disgrace. <br /> <br /> One thing I don't like about this show is the animation. The characters, forgive me if I offend, have very strange facial features, and many backgrounds are boring and lack the color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so beautiful to look at. The characters, with the exception of Wanda, seem very annoying to me. I can't believe that a talented vocal actress like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) has voiced Timmy. Timmy I don't find him very nice as a main character, he is annoying and sometimes patronizing, and he too is a poor decision maker. And his voice gets on my nerves. I actually like Strong but not on this show. Another annoying character is Cosmo, the apparently funny character. Instead, his jokes are as little fun as they could be. They are a) invented, or b) family members. Timmy's parents are horrible characters who are not busy with their son, and their personalities dress very well. <br /> <br /> The lines of the story are largely unoriginal, and I keep thinking, where I am I saw it before. The episodes after the baby's arrival I thought were unwatchable. Even worse are the screenplays, very little amusing, childish, brainless and suffering from a total lack of energy. <br /> <br /> All in all, not the worst show ever, but rather poor for an animation fan, and uncomfortable enough to sit. 3/10 - there are qualities of redemption, and I understand perfectly if people like it. Bethany Cox
