I started watching this show probably around the year 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at the time I was younger and I had fun with some jokes about this show. I was 11 years old in 2003 and I am 14 years old (2007). Although my age plays an important role in how I rate this show, after reading other reviews, I came to see that after the third season, this show went down the tubes. I agree. This show is hateful, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was given two Godparent fairy tales because basically his life was horrible - his parents had never been around, and he had a bad baby- Child. The plot of the whole show is that this kid (Timmy) and his godfathers always wish some destruction that can't be avoided by making another wish, because something in "Da Rules" says they can't. The show has many lines that keep repeating itself, such as "magic can't break true love, the super toilet" or even just a few jokes that Nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to insert the episode several times. <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at children under the age of 10 because it involves rough situations and "childish humor" that most children of my age would not like. Even the selection of the character's voice could have been better. Timmy has an extremely strong, ringing, feminine voice like Cosmo. Wanda looks like an old lady. Timmy's dad looks like a presenter or game presenter, Timmy's mom's voice is too exaggerated to look feminine. The attitudes on this show are: in some episodes, Timmy speaks and acts ruined and snobbish. Wanda is apparently intelligent and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and unable to think as Timmy's father is. Timmy's mom seems to end up doing whatever Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality to get my tastes more. Maybe as a child, I could see more of the humor in this show, but growing up, it gets really old. And not to seem conceded or "junk" but the show has that mentality that makes you want to commit murderous activity towards the characters. A show like this must be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, basically it disgusts you.
