When I first saw the Prom Night trailer, I have to admit that the trailer looked nice and that it would be a horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night and I have to say I have to grow up because this was such a ridiculous movie, not to mention I'm so sick and tired of the typical horror movies with loud noises like an excuse to scare people. There was no tension, the characters, how should I worry about them? Did they have no development, the real killer ?! Oh, my God, this was probably the most stupid serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but because a man who never (or at least we know) killed anyone before, kills a girl's family and friends of which he is obsessed? I mean, was he going to kidnap her or was he going to kill her? I have no idea, because this film made no sense and is too predictable and offensive to true horror fans. <br /> <br /> Donna's family was brutally killed by her teacher, who became very obsessed with her, he was captured and imprisoned. 3 years have passed and now he is getting some peace in his life, he is also going to his prom. But the killer escaped and still has Donna in mind, he follows her to the dance, which means bad news for her friends, the maid of the hotel and the bellhop, because it's a good idea to kill the maid and the bell boy like that no one has become suspicious enough to check to see where these employees are. Donna is in trouble because even this killer who is clearly human can apparently enter homes without being noticed and can kill people so quietly, alone, wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really wanted to love this movie, we haven't had a good slasher film in a long time, but this was just a stupid movie I wasn't impressed with. Only the situations were incredible and the actors were hateful. I know this was a PG-13 movie, but do I like the way someone was brutally stabbed to death and only have some blood on their clothes? Not to mention stab holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teenager, this film was made for teenagers, not for adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, without offense for those who liked this. movie, but I don't understand how anyone could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
