"The Hazing" is one of those movies that I've always wanted to see exclusively based on the cover image shown here on IMDb. Yes, it's so shallow! I don't care if ten million people call it a shit movie, the poster looks great so I guess I'll have to see it ?? Now, "The Hazing" can be described as its alternative title: curious! The poster and the title make it look like an authentic horror film set on campus and deal with sinister initiation rites, but this film is actually more of a cross between comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something very wrong with the tagline on the old VHS box I saw. He says: Did he have good grades, a good girl and good friends? until they passed it through Hazing. "This is not the case, actually. The main character Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by an acclaimed campus through an athletics scholarship. More than half of the film occurs before we even hear about his girlfriend at home and the only one "friend" has a nerd Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this movie). Both approach to become members of the prestigious "Delts" brotherhood, but during their examination of hazing they have to go down mountain dressed in their white undies orderly Barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg. When Lewis returns with the other boys from the brotherhood, Barney froze to death already, together they intended to keep the body frozen for five days and then claim not to have returned from a Ski weekend, with Barney's body hidden in the coffee shop's freezer, Lewis has to cover it to prevent Barney's absence from appearing suspicious. "The Hazing" set-up is rather original and potentially innovative, but the problem here is that the execution may have been much better. The tone is too constant and too serious for a comedy film, even black, but on the other hand there are no attempts to accumulate suspense or chills, either. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of clear melodies, but it's not enough to make this film a comedy. About an hour after the film, the plot also runs out and the idea has no better alternative to fill the void with the romantic compilations of Lewis and his girlfriend from the city that runs through the countryside. I did not like the final twist, because it is quite implausible and because it was done numerous times before and after (although I must admit that later). "The Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still happy to have found a rental tape at a friend's house instead of having to spend money on the DVD just released.
