The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. His director, Joe Wright, is already the author of a best candidate for photography. The main actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a widely praised superhero film. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously extracted from the release in late 2008, the films and critics were baffled. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal has not only delayed this movie to promote the Iron Man-Oscar buzz. The soloist is a weak drama without external conflicts that is far less than all the best photographers of 2009. <br /> <br /> Downey and co-star Jamie Fox are not to blame for this setback. Joe Wright is largely his fault, but he too can't save a story for life. Many films are too complex and alienated spectators. This is unusually simple. It's a film about a journalist, Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's all. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with the traditional approach of Lopez's friendship. The two become friends. They start this movie as acquaintances and are BFFs at its end. The tension consists in moments like this: will Ayers let Lopez take him to the shelter for the homeless? This material would have been more suitable as a TV production than a film. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many scenes of economic humor to obscure the lack of content. Lopez fights raccoons that defy gardens in what I consider a sub-plot. Do you remember when it happened in Atonement or Pride and Prejudice? Those films were structured enough to allow an occasional joke, but nothing so long. The Ayers retrospective is enriched when it is not necessary. Worse still, these scenes are unrelated and appear at random intervals. It is a way of admitting that the main story has little appeal. Nathaniel was a prodigy violinist with a hard education (I was too). This is an invented attempt to create sympathy with Ayers when many of us already have it. He's a schizophrenic homeless man to shout loudly! The film somehow transmits humanity's love for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as any of those images. The entire film focuses on Ayers' schizophrenia. In the end it's how it interacts with everyone else. Being a musician is a nice touch, but it's hardly worth including. The film does not incorporate this feature completely into his person. Get the music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs, and no film remains. The soloist talks more about friendship in general than about music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and a few lines of dialogue should be seriously altered. <br /> <br /> This is just the third Joe Wright movie, and his first one that is not a love story staring at Keira Knightley. We hope this film is not an indication of how limited his skills are. There are stylistic references to his previous works, but The Soloist is much weaker than both. In his defense, Universal should not have agreed to widely release this image. This film seems tailor-made for Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I wouldn't be so disappointed if it had a limited version. His poor performance at the box office could inhibit the best dramas from being distributed nationally.
