Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye that someone gives while creating an original Lifetime movie. You know the one. This October, Lifetime takes a break from the brave story of a surviving woman (enter the name of the disease here) to tell the rather gruesome story of a woman chased by a former stalker boyfriend. Is it dramatic ?? is it corny? it's immensely boring. It does nothing to promote a genre, tell an original story, or fight for ANY kind of novelty. Prom Night shares this situation. Watching the killer hit holes in his victims, we sit in silence as they collapse on the floor without a drop of spilled blood. It occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working with a rather good-looking assassin, so he is forced to pour on the corners of the camera to make it look more disturbing. Think of Matthew McConaughey coming to you with a knife. Would you probably go ?? "OH, a nice guy will kill me, Naaaa." It doesn't scare even for a second, so the director casts Schaech in the shadows and over the shoulder in the mirror. This shot in the mirror is repeated to the point of being sick, as it practically becomes a fetish of the creator. You will have 15 scares jumping in this film, 2 of which blew my date (I could say that he is afraid of EVERYTHING). I would also like to mention that he decided to take a nap in the middle of the film and at one point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film were not fragmented enough, it seems to be torn to shreds. I'm not saying that the key points seem to have been left on the floor of the editing room while the crew climbed to save a semblance of horror movies; I'm saying that when the film moves from one scene to another, you often get a jarring jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when a movie catches fire and a projectionist is forced to join the ends, cross their fingers and hope for the best. The editor should be shot. <br /> <br /> With a plot you can put together two sentences, a spray of wandering blood, an emo killer and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons", we left without reason to support the horror this weekend ?? at least on the big screen. In reality, this is the kind of film that should be punished. Is it really that hard to make a scary movie? Did this crew also know they were making a horror movie ?? !! A complete waste of my time and yours. I bit the bullet to get this review. Don't let my sacrifice be in vain. DO NOT GO TO THE FILM !!!
