When you insert this DVD into the player and press "play", a brief moment of silence will occur and you will see a black screen while the laser is being driven to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. CHERISH THIS MOMENT. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM's so you can fall asleep), because you'll have a huge headache once this movie starts. <br /> <br /> The protagonists are a group of girls with big tits and an opening that made me laugh a bit, I thought I would have fun. Of course, the opening sequence was a WEE a little embarrassing and most of the lines fell flat and it seemed that this would be a repudiation of Scream (by the way, my only laugh was from Julie Strain's final comment in this scene ). But then I knew there were problems ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I took a look at the DVD Chapter titles and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "BETTER THAN SEX!" I knew what the strength of this film would be. <br /> <br /> And this is the sad truth: the ONLY positive aspect of this film is the attractive cast. Apart from that, it's a sad routine film that throws an "innovative" concept about murder clubs, which ends up being fake. So, the whole movie points in another direction to try to be confused and this huge mystery, but all of this does nothing but be interesting at all and leaves you as if you didn't care about any of the characters. I mean, when it turns out that the main character in the film murdered an innocent woman, can you really prove ANY compassion for him when he's afraid of his life? Scream's influence is widespread everywhere, with a ghost killer and some really terrible jokes. We are also treated to scenes of the main character talking to his mom and dad (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other interesting part of the movie!) About an abortion or something. Uh. Yes ... This is not a "so bad-is-good" movie, it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared this to a Troma movie, but ... you know, almost all the movies that come from Full Moon (or its offshoot, as this movie shows) are horrible. It's NOT horrible in the Troma sense - I've seen a lot of Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all offer something, NOTHING you can go away and tell your friends later. However, this film has practically nothing funny. Caution.
