A murderer, wearing a white plastic mask and a black coat, is killing friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske) who inherited his position when someone opened his former employer from his groin in his chest. Perhaps the psychopath is recently taken on by Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), a charming raven-haired beauty with a troubled family past, tormented by nightmares. Shawn and his friends make a joke about Maddy, about a supposed murder they started where each member randomly chose a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally kills a woman in a parking lot due to a dent in her car from this person, she finds out that Shawn's friends were making her chain jump. But Shawn and his companions are worried about Maddy's admission to the murder and intend to turn it into authority. Deciding to wait for a final decision, each member falls prey to the masked psychopath with Maddy, a suspect considering the fact that she has already killed before. Or is someone else behind these murders? Low budget slasher, produced by Charles Band, with blood murders that fail to convince. A lot of boobs on display and the silly Allen Nabors character, Chris, could entertain those with low expectations. The murders include an open stomach with intestines showing, a sliced ​​neck, an electric cable thrown into a pool that fries a victim who has had all day to escape, an ax buried in the back of a male victim, and, for some plus, a couple is strangled by a rope during the sexual climax (.. for added effect, the killer uses the hammer bar of a socket wrench as an extra lever to twist the rope as tightly as possible by breaking its neck). There are enough holes in the plot to drive a truck, such as why Maddy has nightmares of murders she didn't commit, how could she kill someone so violently (.. with blood on her) that she wakes up in her bed without leaving something at the crime scene that could easily have involved her, and how Shawn could go so long, allowing her to continue working in the company despite what she had said about the murder committed and the continuing desire to join the alleged club that does not The thing that bothered me the most was the desire of the film to make us somehow sympathize with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone, then proclaiming that it was an accident. The film builds Maddy as the psychopathic potential through her past. Her family denied her for an abortion. He has blackouts and always ends appropriately in the crime scenes after the fact. In many cases, what seems to be the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this movie is out of its way to point the finger at Maddy. When the turning point occurs, we are left to cheer on Maddy, however we know that she is not right in the head. It is a difficult sale to take care of this girl. However, it looks great in a man's shirt. And, Rochon isn't afraid to let his cubs breathe. Low-budget horror fans will enjoy seeing the favorite cult Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatic mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her a killer as beloved producer Troma Lloyd Kaufman is the detached father who fails to enter a wise marginal word to protect the daughter he really cares about. Cire siren Julie Strain has a minor cameo, showing her tits (obviously) as the girlfriend of an assassinated opening male who gets his head crushed by a hammer. Oh, and check out the office that Shawn works for, you'll see many Full Moon posters and artwork scattered around the walls.
