So when Herbie made his first appearance, I was perfectly happy watching Dean Jones poke his nose. I just wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat excessively buttered popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have expectations of a compelling / delightful story every time I watch a movie, if I'm not on some sort of medication. And this is another good movie for the doctor. There are no big laughs, complex plot lines, difficult twists. Herbie Fully Loaded is perfect for full load. <br /> <br /> This was the first time I saw La Lohan on the screen since she changed places with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought she was excellent at this), and I can't say I was terribly impressed this time . Aside from her constantly changing and unnaturally distracted hair color, she didn't sound like the boy next door who had spent a lifetime wandering around the street runners. His "need for speed" was not consistently represented in the film - perhaps it was somewhere else - he seemed older than his part, and always seemed to be looking for something (a party is set. I couldn't see any chemistry with Justin Long; that love affair seemed to be at its maximum, the only time Lindsay appeared girlfriend was when she interacted with Matt Dillon, which I thought was over the top like Evil Bad Guy Trip Murphy, it was good to see Herbie again and it was me "I really liked the film intro with old film material. If Disney had come up with some Car 53 jewels, I could have worn some just to be faithful. His new feature (?) was a little inconsistent (channeling his driver's thoughts "He's on a skateboard now?" But whatever. We all knew how it would end, but I wish he'd ended up with someone a little less stupid than Maggie. And my head still hurts that lesson from Maggie and we we hammered at home. <br /> <br /> What would have made the film useful? Having the old Herbie in a true story with a real plot - at least, Herbie is as good as Lassie - but clearly that's too much to ask. Why does Disney always return to the same level as "Herbie Goes Bananas" and "Computer wearing tennis shoes" when it comes to innovation? <br /> <br /> I'm sure this was a great movie for children and for those with no expectations. For the rest of us ... it's when you have the flu and you can't stand the suspense of Rear Window.
