One of the most common entries in the "goofs" category is anachronism. Although I'm beginning to believe that anachronism and other tricks are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but they are in the front row in rotten movies. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and smells of anachronism, but when I look at it closely, I have found almost nothing specifically anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The shots of the planes that closed the film are certainly out of place. The large transport of 4 engines seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" seems to be the C-97 Stratofreighter of the Second World War (in MATS colors). The fighter planes seen at take-off by the carrier in the end are Douglas Skyraiders who entered service after World War II and were made famous by their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But except for these two films and, of course, hairstyles, everything else is probably very authentic. Simply "seems" so wrong. I'm a fan of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his direct film ON THE TOWN (1949) there is a car chase eventually with the police driving the 1949/50 Ford, but there is not the slightest feeling that this is out of place in a vintage movie of the Second World War. In fact, as I reflected later, there is nothing that says this should be a vintage film from the Second World War. It looks just like this. Based on a wartime Broadway musical based on ballet (Fancy Free) that could be based on the work of the artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934) is a great film about sailors on a 24-hour pass in New York and, so heavy with wartime associations, is simply supposed to happen during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although too old to represent a dive bomber pilot in the Navy SBD, it's a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play younger. It was the role in which he behaved badly, not his age. An operator plays, as they called them. A guy who gets things and breaks all the rules while doing so remains admired and loved for it. A hustler. A wheel dealer. A character of rigor in a service comedy. Grant is the comedy center of what would, after all, be a service comedy that is at odds with his comic style. <br /> <br /> Thinking back to the great Grant comic performances like BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENICO E OLD LACE (1944) and it's the big reactor whose comedy must be reduced from its context by dignity to a confused puddle of inert gelatin. IN KISS LORO is expected to be the comic candle that is not him. People had already been exposed to the type, most recently to the comic strip Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role would be perfected later by James Garner, but here Grant is not at all funny and seems to be a bully pushing his way through aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness rather than persuading and refining. <br /> <br /> But the thing that really is the bad smell of the place with anachronism. There can be no more women in the 1950s than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique for the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be inserted in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and any number of stupid blonds, and Grace Kelly was another high-class lady (think of Mary Astor), but there could never have been an anatomically exaggerated woman in films like Mansfield. Of course, there were the "sweater girls" (for example Lana Turner) of World War II, but Mansfield was stretching the point. Suzy Parker was THE model that revolutionized the model business, which changed the mannequin as poses to become the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) by Stanley Donen ). <br /> <br /> Obviously in the style of the 50s, it seems that there is a great deal of genre mixing at "wild" parties, but never even a hint of sex (think of the television shows of the 50s Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show where men in tuxedos returned by "dates" alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a theatrical performance on Broadway at the end of the war and the nuances of the situation must have been inevitable for contemporary readers, but divided, bowdlerized and reconstituted a dozen years later and fatally decomposed, it remains a forgotten spot on careers otherwise exemplary until the invention of the VCR and cable television resurrected this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> So the lesson here is anything, well, it will be ignored in a great movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane say "Rosebud"?), and tolerated in a fun Worst as WESTWORLD (why did the robots give real ammunition in the first place?) but absolutely scorned in a rotten movie, even if the tricks are really non-existent.
