In the controversial vein of Mel Brooks's comedy, "Wholly Moses!" try to take the biblical story of Moses and make fun of it, giving rise to the most unjust biblical parody ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just excuses to bring out the talent of a robust comedy in the subscribed roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are touring by bus in the Holy Land, when they stumble upon an ancient parchment in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is parallel to that of Moses. He was sent down the river to be found by the Pharaoh's family at the same time as Moses was. Herschel's native father, the late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel was saved by idol producers and works as a sculptor. Eventually Herschel comes to work for the pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished and ends up caring for Moses' flock of sheep. Herschel and Moses are brothers-in-law, they marry sisters and Herschel thinks that God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Certainly, Moses was receiving the divine Word, but Herschel did not understand. I will stop here laughing hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the film is a series of badly written scenes involving Moore and actors who are doing "special appearances". These scenes do not push the plot forward, they bring that little story to a halt. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise has maybe three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an Archangel, giving the same readings he gave in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a fake blind "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I wasn't sure who Madeline Kahn should have been, she gives Herschel a ride and has about a minute and a half on screen. John Ritter plays a devil very little fun. Richard Pryor has a scene like the pharaoh, but it was obviously shot at a different time than the Moore scene because the two don't appear on the screen together! In the end, Zerelda turns into a column of salt after thinking about the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who basks in all the glory. In the final scenes, the writer decides to try to save this superficial film by having Herschel come out of God in a discussion. God comes off as a bully bully who was driving Herschel around for his own fun, talking through him just to give him the Ten Commandments. We have even commented on Zerelda "God works in mysterious ways", thus justifying the very little Christian behavior of everyone during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is no laugh to be found anywhere. At least Monty Python has teased many religious landmarks established in "Life of Brian", in addition to their questionable interpretation of the life of Jesus, but here humor is made up of poop lines and characters who constantly beat their heads. This makes Mel Brooks similar to Merchant / Ivory. The faithful will be offended, not because of the film's attitude towards religion, but because of the complacency the film exhibits, impressed by their own hoitytoityness (I know, not a word) on a subject of which they obviously know nothing. "All Moses!" it's totally bad, and an embarrassment for everyone involved. I suggest you read the book instead. <br /> <br /> This is rated (PG) for some physical violence, bad words, sexual references and adult situations.
