What a piece of complete garbage. However, when a film action revolves around airplanes, you would think that writers / producers / directors (or SOMEONE!) Would do a little homework with regard to at least some details. The errors were so obvious that I felt like it at the end of the film. Here are some: I'm glad I lost the SR-71 sequence, definitely worse than the F-117 show "Air Force One". Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the aircraft rather than BOEING 747 ?? probably the (cheap) use of some Boeing commercials / advertising films by the director. The bare wires connected by wires are at best mediocre for domestic wiring, and much less for the multi-million dollar avionic wiring. Airplanes like the 747 rely on pressure alone rather than the ship's oxygen supply to keep the air breathable, and if they relied on an onboard supply, the container would be much larger than the punch. The medical tape is not a suitable replacement for a threaded pipe fitting. Those were F-16, NOT F-15. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) would be difficult to reach on a static engine running for takeoff (look at the relative speed indicator). The "standard training" is simply to keep the training within a nautical mile, the "broken" training is what they were flying - not the most useful training for an interception. "Acquiring the missile block" is not able to attract the attention of the airline pilot - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not communication between two flights to get ready to shoot anything. Depressurization from a door that opens in flight is not a reason for immediate steep left bank. Screaming in a headset does not transmit it. The magnetic headers are given as "titles" and not "carriers" and the headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (the compasses in the air are just like the compasses on the ground!), So turning to the left (not "port") "it's a boat thing" from a "bearing" of 618 to 502 is simply stupid. In most cases it is impossible to simply "turn the yoke to the left until the correct direction is reached" ?? that kind of thing will come in 360-degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. The probability that a flight attendant will immediately find and engage the autopilot successfully is only slightly greater than the probability that it will actually land the jet safely. Airplanes do not stop immediately after pulling back the throttle grip and 747 have more than one lever to control the thrust of the multiple engine. The flaps are lowered in increments usually just before and immediately after the landing gear is extended, not seconds before landing (good way to crash). Wheel brakes are needed to stop an aircraft, simply by pulling the accelerator lever (s) (this time a different lever in the film) at minimum you will simply allow yourself to descend from the end of the track at a lower speed. Did I mention that those fighter planes were F-16 and NOT F-15? Guess I did it ?? And that's just REMEMBER that I recently saw this horrible movie.
