French director Jean Rollin is not exactly known for great films, and this confusing chaos is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director well known for directing erotic films on lesbian vampires; you would expect a film with the word "naked" in the title to be particularly bare-chested; but in fact, there is not much nudity here. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothes; we have a cumbersome plot on a man who wants to reveal the secret of immortality, a young woman whose affliction could hold the key and a suicidal cult, who can't do much. The film starts promisingly with a sequence that sees a girl dragged by a mysterious group of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young Frenchman, who is also the son of an important man. Through his investigation, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal woman, and while digging deeper into the cult; he finds that he can't be killed by bullets, he drinks blood and he can't go out in daylight ... it sounds like a clear case of vampirism for me. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin maintains the fantastic atmosphere that runs through the whole film, but fails to be interesting because the plot is poorly executed. You can keep up with what's going on, but only because there are so many other films that follow plots like this. The director seems to know he also messed up the plot, as the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the public. There is also a turning point at the end; but the film would have been better without it. I imagine that this was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a little original, but it is a tiring attempt, rather than a logical continuation of history. The cinematography is quite orderly, with a lot of plot that takes place in appropriately Gothic places. The girls on board complete what is a beautiful picture and what is missing from Rollin's film in logic and consistency, somehow compensates with style. In the defense of the film, it was made in 1969; which somehow explains the lack of shock but I can't recommend this movie as it doesn't have much of it worth taking note of.
