This review may contain some SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they didn't make them so bad, Rae Dawn Chong arrived as a space fox and Willie Nelson as a Native American sorcerer! It's even worse when you take into consideration that these two are the BEST aspects of "Starlight", a film that should only be seen for laughter. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien sent to Earth to look for the only half-breed, part-man and alien. Apparently, the Earth is in serious trouble. There is something wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will be transformed into a polluted polluted land. Only by duplicating the DNA of the half-breed, the gentle alien race saves the planet. Don't ask me how it is, since the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, which is caused by man. You would think that the Earth can be saved only by getting rid of polluting creatures, not saving them! In any case, the half-breed turns out to be Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small town in the south-west and is part of the native Americans from his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother is Caucasian with a red head and his grandfather and Willie Nelson. Wasn't this the kind of malarkey that made Carmen Electra's "Il Prescelto" bomb explosive? Chong arrives on his ship just as Wirth almost drowns after driving his bike into a lake in a fit of recklessness as a result of breaking up with his girlfriend. Before you can say the word "nonsense", Chong is revealing his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreads the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost some of his marbles over the years. Well, because Wirth's father was an alien who abandoned her. Certainly, it is the standard rogue foreigner who conveniently chose this moment to come to Earth for Wirth, so that he could use Wirth's DNA to make his slaves the people of Earth. (Eh?) His laughable attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth suck most of the time on the screen and are the worst scenes in the film. Not only are they boring, but they are the scenes where you will see more flubs. <br /> <br /> The ideas could be beautiful on paper, but they are managed here with the utmost stupidity, particularly in the scenes above with the rogue alien. But the effects are the ruin of the film. The opening scene involves Chong on his spaceship, communicating with his superior, someone we don't see but Chong communicates through a tank that emits pink light. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated with subtitles. The problem is that both Chong's and his superior's subtitles are both similar and the director gives you no indication as to which of the two is actually "talking" at any given time, which makes the whole conversation nothing but incomprehensible. The spaceship is the worst effect to get out of Hollywood on this side of an Ed Wood movie. Now, I'm usually indulgent with effects when it comes to low-budget films like this, but these effects really hit me. The most offensive was the simplest: a fake night sky. The stars in the sky are so false that they almost sound like a dial tone. In particular the moments in which Chong tells someone who comes from Pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. The fact is that the seven stars occupy about half of the film's night sky, but any astronomer knows that the Pleiades are a star cluster between the Perseus and Taurus constellations, and the cluster does not occupy much space in the sky at all. These effects become so disgusting that the jaw will hang lower and lower with each passing moment. Be careful, because it will go to the bottom during the finale when the effects have Willie Nelson turning into a human reflector and. . . Oh, must be seen to believe it! <br /> <br /> Starlight, star bright; The last star I see tonight; I wish I could do it, I wish I could do it; I no longer have to look at this garbage today. <br /> <br /> The score of Zantara: 1 out of 10.
