I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this truly horrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read "Wise Blood?" It's a fantastic book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south like no one else has. She herself was a South, a devout Catholic and an extraordinarily gifted writer. In his first novel he woven a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, doubt and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprising insight. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south, but I can assure you that these people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and concerns like everyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - he was not targeting these zealous backwoods - he saw in them the beautiful operation of what he would call "grace" ... even in the most violent, distressing and exasperating circumstances. To read "Saggio Saggio" must be washed with a sense of terror and imminent destiny. Finally, we have to think long and hard about our judgments and preconceptions - our vision of the whole world. <br /> <br /> None of this happens in the adaptation of John Huston "Gilligan's Island". None. It's a farce. A bad farce. The whole film is saturated with an altercation that makes the stomach turn. The acting is poor, the southern accents are false and offensive. The directors show no understanding of the thinking of southern clerics. Mrs. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to a gag of sight and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mix of hayseed and electronic stupidity in the shape of a "mechanical orange" cheese that does not fit the story or the film. I was granted free admission to this film and I almost went out. Really, really terrible. <br /> <br /> Incidentally, I disagree with Mrs. O'Connor's religious views, and while I grew up deep in the south, years ago I headed north and didn't look back. But the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like any other place on earth), and the cartoon prank with which the Southerners and their attitudes are treated in this film borders on the offensive. If you feel offended (which I am not), then this movie DEFINITELY goes over the line. <br /> <br /> I don't like talking about shit about an artist's work - John Huston was a man I didn't know, and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker, who attested to his respected place in the cinema history. My opinions are clearly distorted by having read (and loved) Flannery O'Connor's work. So I don't pretend to come from any other perspective. Perhaps as an independent film it works for film buffs. But for Flannery O'Connor fans - and, I might add, for the self-respecting Southerners and open-minded individuals - this film is a waste of time.
