The film is steeped in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion in commenting on it. In my opinion, this film pretends to explore deep issues, but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; with little real intuition. What the people in the film (and therefore, the writer) did not see was grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and is the Creator of passion and sexual gratification in the right context of marriage ties. To imply that the people of the society in which history is based believe that nudity is sinful, and both the man and the woman enjoying the act of marriage are dirty, it is just an oversimplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, since even Jewish sacred writings speak clearly of the caring husband who will seek his wife's pleasure before his own. Scripture says that a man should love his wife as his own flesh, and that no man has ever hated his own flesh, but feeds and cares for it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and the characters completely ignore that there are passages like the Song of Songs in the Old Testament and even the book of Proverbs which says: "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, let her breasts always satisfy "! How can it be read in a way different from what God knows, and approves and smiles on the conjugal union and its enjoyment? True men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who deny a basic teaching of the Jewish / Christian religion. God never said those things. Is absurd. Sonia rebelled because of the false application of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It didn't have to be that way. How sad. What Sonia desperately needed was TRUTH, not tradition. By knowing, loving and obeying God, we love others more; before ourselves This is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph; once for ever given to the saints; bought and paid for Jesus Christ, the right. But it's okay to ignore all this and abandon the ancient, holy Scripture and turn to the wisdom of the homeless and ghosts. This is a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; partly because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because in reality it offers no valuable insight. Take a look at "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment than the Jewish tradition in contrast to society.
