Rosie has spent a lot of time on TV talking about the Tainos as if they were extremely influential in the dynamics of the modern Puerto Rican day. They were not. The truth is that Africans and Spaniards were and she knows it. What kills me is that she is on the screen with the appearance of a medium-fair black chick (with an obvious black dad, cousins ​​and aunt) who pretends to truly recognize the true essence of what makes them modern Puerto Ricans, but barely mentioned how Africans have influenced the way their Spanish is spoken, food and music. She is so typical and I have lost much respect for her and will not support anything else she does. Furthermore, since he wants to dance around his Africanity, he does not need to assume more roles associated with darkness (ie Lackawanna Blues). We can find a proud Black Latina next time (thanks to Zoe Saldana, Gina Torres, Gina Ravera and Melissa DeSousa). <br /> <br /> To the Puerto Rican here who said they are Africans and not "blacks". ...thank you. We "blacks" certainly have nothing in common with "you", so there is no love lost. But since you are probably in the United States and have benefited from the civil rights movement, we would like you to reject any decent human treatment you received for the kindness of blood, sweat and tears from the shoulders of the "blacks" with whom you do not share anything . <br /> <br /> If I am correct, Puerto Ricans have a terrible image in the media, but we blacks do not spend our time trying to lack respect because we know that the media loves to exploit the weaknesses and behavior of all minorities to maintain meaningless generalizations. However, evidently you have fed the clamor that you are somehow white or superior ... you are not. Also, you feel somehow forced to believe that black culture is BET ... again you are not correct and you need to take a vacation out of the chaos. Try visiting Atlanta, Ga., Houston, Texas, Charlotte, N.C. Trust me, none of those blacks want to claim your "culture".
