I'm so upset by this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and embarrassed by the way the Puertoricans are depicted. This documentary did not talk about Puerto Rican culture. It was about Nuyoricans culture. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before making a documentary, you have to do the research. You also need to check and make sure the sources are credible. The Puerto Ricans are not all noisy and have class, which is something the documentary failed to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on the View and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was very excited to watch. I even made sure to let my parents know that they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes I couldn't believe how the documentary hit the United States and made the Puerto Ricans look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You must visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country where over 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, shopping malls (the largest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture , Auto Expresso and restaurants just to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population is. Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebration and the attempt to move forward, not backwards. Oh, and the new cousins ​​don't jump out from where. No, it's not a Puerto Rican thing, it's a ghetto thing. We are not bastards. Parents of Puertorican descent who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a family trip so they can see for themselves what Puerto Rico is. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please don't show them this documentary because it will only blur their minds with negativity. Oh, and please don't tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it will make the people of Puerto Rico ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Only for what you know!
