You must respect this film. It could be "just a stupid children's movie", but it is the most requested # 1 movie title in online movie forums, requested by people who remember the story but don't remember the title. Therefore the following is a very necessary and detailed description of the plot, since I have not been able to find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. <br /> <br /> A typical 2-storey house is shown in the suburbs. Bridget, 7, says she suspects something has been happening since she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin that she immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruth, a bully nurse who takes care of her grandmother, her grandmother hugging her grandmother who makes dolls with stockings, and her brother Andrew, who is in electronics and is grumpy. Grams accidentally hangs over to the lieutenant-governor, which indicates that he will interfere while living with his family. The two children have breakfast while the adults talk about moving the Grams to a nursing home. Bridget makes a terrible pancake sandwich containing cereal, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, while Andrew looks in disbelief. The two children then discuss Grams, and Andrew says in no uncertain terms that Grams is "put to pasture". Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, has a theatrical tea party with Sweet William in her bedroom, then a living doll unexpectedly comes out of the mirror in her bedroom closet. Bridget and the living doll know each other. The living curly-haired female doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under the laundry when Bridget's mother arrives, then the mother throws the laundry into the washing machine with Huggins in it. Bridget saves Huggins and dries it with a hair dryer. They discuss the problem with Grams' old age and his departure, Huggins says Bridget could talk to Huggaland's bookworm about it, because he knows everything. They cross the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is housed in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Rather than running around with a shoe, Bridget goes without shoes to Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, a living doll with curly hair in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy the baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in her hugwagon to see the bookworm, who lives on top of a pile of giant books. The bookworm consults "the old encyclopedia" and discovers that old age can be cured by eating the fruit of the "young tree". However, there is only one of these trees, and it is in the village of Shrugs, ruled by the crazy quartz queen. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump down into a deep hole inside a giant book nearby. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the two dolls drink three times, jump off the hole and fall. Soon they walk along a sidewalk, listen to the breaking glass sea and fall off the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They meet "the hairy colossus", which looks like a mastodon, has four tusks and breathes its trunk. But Hugsy bravely approaches and embraces the behemoth, which thus turns into a small elephant whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge had been enchanted by the queen, and owes Hugsy a favor, so everyone runs on Hodgepodge's back to the castle. They enter the castle, they are surrounded by beings similar to trolls, the queen (Queen Admira) comes and Bridget asks some young people. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself, and boasts of her youthful appearance as she looks in a hand mirror. Hodgepodge faints when the queen says it should be "digested". The queen is upset when Bridget mentions that evil witches should have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the prison. But the queen carelessly leaves the key to the dome of the young blueberry tree from the lock to the dome-lifting apparatus. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the basement and uses his "noodle" to pull the prison door down, freeing himself and the two dolls with him. They find Bridget standing petrified, the dolls embrace her, which makes Bridget revive. Before they run away, Bridget finds the left key in the dome of the young blueberry tree, lifts the dome and collects some bright youngsters and puts them in a jar. The queen catches them, but the queen's arm is trapped under the descending dome as she reaches for the key that Bridget leaves on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old because she is deprived of the berries that give youth and seems to die. Soon Bridget goes back through the mirror in her bedroom, but stumbles on the bottom of the mirror, pouring the berries on her floor, and the berries quickly fade into smoke, one by one. His mother calls her and Andrew to greet Grams, who is retiring. Andrew drops his usual grumpy and contemptuous face and embraces Grams, telling her he loves her and doesn't want her to leave. Their father is moved and decides to keep Grams there, after all, and everyone hugs and cries, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who presses Grams to get out. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget for his St Cap. Louis Cardinals, Bridget starts explaining how he gave it to Huggins of Huggaland, but Andrew doesn't want to hear what he believes are his fantasy stories, so he turns to look for him in his bedroom. One of the dolls secretly passes the cap through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is disoriented and leaves his room without saying anything. Bridget greets cheerfully in the mirror.
