Believe it or not, "The Woodchipper massacre" gave me full-blown gonorrhea! Exactly, I have a rainbow of resignations that vomits me just because a group of children played with a video camera and somehow made a deal with the devil and got distribution. It is beyond my understanding how anyone with moderate intelligence can tolerate this pant in a movie. The only reason I managed to sit all over the scene (not without several suicide attempts along the way) was because, first of all, I was delirious with boredom, and second - I imagine I want to explore this kind of hatred as soon as discovered I was living ... This film is a horror / comedy movie "shot on a video" about three brothers who were left in the weekend to take care of their bizarre old aunt. The younger one ends up accidentally stabbing the old lady with her Rambo-replica hunting knife. Then they come to dismember the aunt with various instruments (apparently she doesn't have a single drop of blood in her body!) And they lift her up into her father's wooden chipper ... Her condemned son stops then to look for his mother and the the kids end up grinding that jerk too ... I don't remember ever seeing a cast of annoying actors who actually caused me nausea. Seriously, that voice of a blond chick made me shiver with pain constantly. ALL the actors were really atrocious, literally yelling their fake dialogue and bloody jokes that must have been written by a chimpanzee who didn't care! Now, I can usually appreciate independent efforts, but only those who can realize that people other than their relatives might be watching this! I don't need to see a 3-minute shot of a car coming out of a driving road and a tortuous, painfully long montage of a lawn with ridiculous and flowing music playing over it. Also, why the hell does this movie box have a bloody plan ?! There was a piano in one scene and no one is killed near it! I ended up remembering this movie. Unless you dislike unbearable crap, I would recommend anyone with half a brain to avoid this junk.
