I had great hopes when I learned that it was done in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and found it very interesting. They've made some changes to the story that don't make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in history was a famous New Hampshire lawyer in history. In the film he is a publisher. A lawyer makes more sense since he ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil (he was a man in history, but he was a woman in the film) in a process where both of their souls are online. As an editor, it does not seem likely that Daniel Webster has the skills to do so. <br /> <br /> Acting was acceptable to everyone except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. They are two actors that I like, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were acting in a comedy, but the film was more serious than a comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a particular vision in mind, and was later reworked by someone else. Given this fact, it is surprising that it was entirely consistent. I was surprised to see a good amount of SNL cast members in the film, which leads me to believe that it may have been originally shot with the intention of being more than a comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I should say that it wasn't completely terrible, but it wasn't very good. If I could get an hour and a half back and do something else, I'd do it. The finish was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the process. Jabez then starts again at the beginning of the film ... literally, we have just returned to the first scene with Jabez, and then the film ends abruptly. It really seemed that they had just repeated the first scene of Jabez and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez has the benefit of any of the knowledge or experience he has acquired, so who can say that he has not simply repeated his mistakes again, and perhaps over and over again in an endless cycle ? It was an extremely disappointing end and it didn't make much sense. The decent cast, and the acting of everyone except Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that keep this from being a complete and total sandwich.
