A stupid rich boy around 1800 wants to visit a nearby mental hospital to see how a famous doctor takes care of his patients. Despite an initially hostile response, he is soon cordially invited and given a tour by the good doctor. And, as the doctor shows him, he talks, talks and talks !!! And while he is talking, the crazy go wild here and there without doing anything particularly productive. While there is some action here and there (and something quite rather disturbing), it's amazing how boring and cerebral the whole thing is - life and energy are missing, which is strange for a horror movie. Even a guy who thinks he's a chicken and dresses like one gets pretty boring. The more this tour takes the guest, the more disturbing it becomes until finally you realize that the detainees have taken control of the hospital and are torturing their keepers. Once again, despite this twist, the film is incredibly lifeless in many places - particularly when it moves very slowly while a bizarre ceremony is taking place or people roam the set. Only when the lunatic asylum workers found in a prison cell, the film has a real impact. Considering this plot, it's hard to imagine making it boring, but the people who made this economically exploited film have! Now with the same plot and the same writing, acting and directing, this could have been an interesting and useful film. <br /> <br /> You know, now that I think about it, this was the plot of one of the episodes of the original TV program "Star Trek"! You know, the one with "Lord Garth - Master of the Universe" and Kirk and Spock are held captive by this madman and his crazy followers. <br /> <br /> One last comment: The film has a lot of nudity here and there and includes a rape scene, so be warned - it's not for kids. In fact, considering how useless the film is, it's not for anyone! However, with the version included in the "50 Movie Pack - Chilling Classics", the print is so incredibly negative that it is difficult to see all this flesh due to such dark printing.
