Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the movie I just saw, Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor quite dramatic. Even if he tried so hard to make a point, due to this lack of definition (comedy or drama), intelligent themes and pointed observations have been lost. While I strongly believe there is too much racial profiling in Hollywood, even today, I don't think Townsend's directorial debut did much to stop it. Instead, I feel that he just added more fuel to the fire. Townsend's comedic moment in this film was disastrous due to the fact that the items he should have teased, instead he was promoting and vice versa. The parts that had to be serious were somehow destroyed by the lack of fun comedies. Townsend had a decent concept with this film, but unfortunately the performance is what eventually damaged this film. If you watch the preview before the movie (which I constantly do), you will immediately get the wrong impression of what you will see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent comic film that prides itself on the intelligence of the spectators, but the film could not really be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it is lacking in elaboration); is Townsend's direction. He had a wonderful concept with this film. Take advantage of the Hollywood that exploits our breed. Decent idea, but why couldn't he do it very well? The first reason is that his ideas are too casual and sporadic. The structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a hospital monitor, we are literally everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had a lot to say, but just a little time to do it. So instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and actually creating an intelligent film, he throws them all together and prays for it to work. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Instead of an intelligent comedy, we have a mixture of many ideas, comic skits and underutilized actors that this film goes from decent to almost unwatchable. What hurts Townsend the most is his brief words, the attempt to be funny, the interruptions throughout the film. From the fight against a criminal known as Jerry Curl to the parody of Siskel & Ebert, Townsend tries to tease as he speaks a message about the faltering film industry. This is because these small intermittent scenes actually distract from the center of the film and actually destroy internally. While Townsend seems to want to make a joke about life in Hollywood, in reality he is simply connecting to all the stereotypes and clichés of the book. What could have been the beautiful satire turns into a simply generic humor that never quite stands out from the others. <br /> <br /> So if you don't find yourself laughing at the humor of this story, perhaps there is some comfort in knowing that some of the Wayans brothers are around to help make this boring story spicy . MISTAKEN! Wayan are in this movie, but Townsend proves he has the ability to bring the worst even in this fun family. Surely in their pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something everyone needed to constantly improve. Perhaps it was Townsend's direction, or perhaps this atrocious story, but these typically funny comedians were obviously underutilized and ignored when it came to critics of this film. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to draw from Hollywood Shuffle it would be fun, brilliant and a real stab at this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was none of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this was a workable film. There were some moments (while they were few and far between) that had a smile on my face, the final product did not settle well with me. Townsend can be fun, but in this film it looked like he was playing against himself instead of his personal experiences and problems. I realize that he was probably telling the truth, but it never came that way. Instead, we are stuck in a weak story, which is claimed with idiotic flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but it certainly didn't work for this movie. Even for those who comment that this was his directorial debut and that he was learning from this film, I would disagree. If you're about to start, you have a limited script or defined themes. Townsend didn't have any of these, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he just failed in a fireball. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was rather disappointing to watch. It reminded me of a Spelling Bee elementary school where it's finally time to scan your child. The word is hard, but when the first two or three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly, but then there is that random "P" and the silent "R" that forces your excitement to collapse. That's how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. At the beginning, I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the reason behind the image, but through the fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first couple of scenes, I experienced that feeling of deep fall. Townsend sank his own ship on this, and I don't think Hollywood Shuffle can ever re-dive like a pivotal moment in Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Vote: * on *****
