After a scene of opening the bank open, lively but predictable, "Set It Off" rushes straight into the gutter and continues to sink. This is a film that deals with unpleasant and worn-out stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulations instead of a coherent plot, and a horrible cocktail of sickly sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thought, spirit or feeling. In short, it is no different than 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racial angle that makes "Set It Off" a particularly compelling example of contemporary cinema. Posing as a celebration of "conviction", the film is actually a celebration of the most virulent forms of denigration of the American-American "gangsta" stereotype. The trick this time is that gangsters wear resistance. Not only does the film suggest that gangsterism is a default identity for all African Americans with cash or feel a little annoyed by Man, it presents its systems as superficial materialists that reward money and bling above all else. Worse still, "Set It Off" exploits the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantage simply as a device to support its weak plot. Serious social problems linked to the race are forced and opportunistically pushed to justify armed robbery, then they are abandoned as soon as the film has to produce the inevitably conventional ending in which crime is punished, the LAPD turns out to be a group of caring liberators and afflicted with feelings of guilt (they tell it to Rodney King), and the "good" friend, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of upward mobility from the "bonnet" and into a world of self-indulgence of the open middle class for her from her boyfriend bank manager buppie. 'Set It Off' illustrates the abysmal state of the contemporary blaxploitation film, complying with gangster-less brainless stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life in the hood while despising him all the time. While the likes of 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s could have spread stereotypes and rearranged well-worn textures, they had a freshness, an energy and an innocence that struck audiences of all races and still made them fun clock. 'Set It Off' would not be worth angry if it were not a symptom of the tragic decline and the ghettoization of African-American cinema from the promising breakthrough days of the early 1990s.
