I saw the second part yesterday. And I must say that in reality it was better than the first. At first I understood, it's actually a sequel, not a remake but not a good result. I don't like old films and Galactica series, because the cylinders have seen as toasters (just as was mentioned in this new film) and were completely harmless to the old galactica. This film turns sides - the Humans were harmless but the whole movie was completely chaotic and stupid to me. Many scenes were unnecessary, such as the "computer expert" story - completely crap. If I were a screenwriter, I'd let him die in his house, killed by the Cylon woman. And the evacuation from the planet? Oh, if it would be bombarded with 50 Megatons (because exactly 50 MT ??) nuke, they would have been killed by radiation. And how is it possible that the great Cylon fleet was completely hidden before the attack? Aha, it was probably this computer virus, created by the Cylon - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old boy. The positive side of the film is that humans are finally defeated !! Really defeated, the population is close to extinction (the children die - twice explicit in the film: 1. a child !!! maybe a month and a girl of a maximum age of ten - what a violence ...). And the bad asses have won and I think it's the first time in such a science fiction movie. I also appreciate the design of the cylinders (not only of the humanoid cylon :-) a good job with these ships - I like the design of the ships by both - humans and cylinders. Human ships are a good, never old version of old ones. And galactica - really nice with these piers, I liked it. But that's all, only the design is not enough. The acting was really bad, the whole plot was predictable (only two things - the human cylon on ragnardocks and the human cylon at the end). The dialogues were trivial (and in Slovakia's slip they are simply stupid, but that is not the fault of the film). The whole movie looked like a pilot movie for a series, but who would have shot this series? What would it be? A star for design the second for the near extinction of humanity.
