This film is a disaster, but at least it is not pretentious. The art of the box for the video commercializes it as a "funny return to the past" to the giant insect films of the 50s. In fact, it is a transparent rejection of "Aliens" bargain basements. <br /> <br /> The producers clearly wanted to create an "ALIEN" image, but they must not have had much money. In fact, it doesn't look like they've had ANY cash, really. I hope all those who worked on this have been paid. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is maintained - a group of isolated people with an insectoid killer creature - and a land position is entered for budgetary reasons, I assume. Instead of setting the film in space, where nobody can hear you scream, the film is set in a hospital, where everyone can see the budget laid bare. The funny thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there is only one funny thing) is that the filmmakers have not abandoned the "ALIEN" aesthetic. Although we are in a hospital, we still have an improbably cavernous annex in which science fiction experiments are conducted, in this case the venerable "growth hormone" device. The annex also serves as a boiler room (or something like that), so we can have an explanation for the monster that looks for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is sewn with multi-level steel gangways, perfect for sliding the slime between the slats. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse will be attacked by a falling flower from a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches it and says "Ow", so we know he was injured. The cut on his finger causes him to lose his unconsciousness in a matter of minutes, and in the hospital he gives birth to a white worm through his mouth (I imagine that in a picture of "ALIEN" this is called "mouth in mouth"?). The worm is isolated, but some small, mischievous children (patients with leukemia) sneak up on them and "accidentally" give them an experimental growth hormone. You know that everyone is in trouble when some operators of the fornicating hospital staff are attacked by a camera on a crane, and very soon a maintenance worker finds some compulsory cocoons, just before being grabbed by a pair of semi-convincing insectoid arms. The rest of the film is dominated by the semi-off-screen monster, semi-obscured by semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to "ALIEN". How, you ask, can a movie set in a hospital incorporate all those flashing strobe lights that are always in the "ALIEN" movies? No problem ... a power outage (or something like that) causes a fault in the electrical system, which apparently causes strobe lights to blossom in every hospital room and blink constantly throughout the film. This is also a comfortable coat for less than special effects (even if the insects are pretty well cared for, they don't move too well and the insect looks as fascinating as a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what bases "ALIEN" we haven't covered ... OH, the water running down the walls! Check ... we divide the huge hospital into two parts, then send some characters through the damp and dripping basement to get to the other side. Problem solved, now we have the opportunity of numerous "tunnel of omen" shots. And don't forget the fog ... well, you never really need an excuse for this in horror movies, do you? OK, maybe inside a hospital you do, so we'll create smoke by blowing up a lot of things. <br /> <br /> I didn't say anything about negligible acting, not that the actors have any kind of script to follow. I imagine that "Blue Monkey" should have been carefree and fun, and if so then it's a nice attempt, but the pieces don't come together and the film ends up being a real cure-all. Watch a movie called "Return of the Aliens: The Deadly Spawn" if you want to see a movie of this type that is good, with less money and even more marginal talent. This falls flat on his ALIEN.
