I had never even imagined that the film existed until I found an old copy of the VHS, hidden in my dusty horror cabinet. The title on the box said "Insect" and the illustrations on the back showed that this is just another insignificant and poorly produced horror film from the 80s. They can certainly be fun, of course, as long as you don't expect a smart scenario and as long as you don't get irritated by seeing a huge amount of makeup effects. Almost all the important aspects that make watching a horror movie is below average in "Blue Monkey"! The plot is ridiculous and not very original, the performances are painful to observe and there is a total lack of suspense. Following the ever-popular trend of big-bug movies, "Blue Monkey" deals with a new and unknown species of insects that wipes out doctors and patients from a remote hospital. The producers could not be more evasive about the actual origin of this gigantic and enormous size character! All we know is that it doesn't come from space and initially crawled out of a tropical plant. In addition to this, there is absolutely no explanation as to where this new type of insect comes from! Like I said, don't hope for a smart script. The first half of the movie is pretty funny, with some nice gore and the introduction of a couple of deranged characters (a blind and alcoholic lady of 80!) But the second half (when the whole hospital is quarantined) is terribly boring. It is also near the end that "Blue Monkey" begins to tear out older (and better) films excessively. Approaching the climax, apparently they have also run out of budget, since the lighting becomes very poor and the boy with the monster is no longer very camouflaged. "Blue Monkey" deserves a peek in case you are really bored or if you really want to see every horror movie of the 80s ever made. B-cinema fans might recognize John Vernon ("Killer Klowns from Outer Space", "Curtains") in the small and insignificant role of Roger, who is in charge of the clinic.
