* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place in the Pacific Northwest of the end of the century. In a muddy and muddy mining field, John McCabe (a hirsute Warren Beatty) comes staggering, full of cigar smoke and great ideas about building a real saloon / brothel for the city, full of a trio of the craziest whores in the cinema history. He also has a reputation not acquired as a gunslinger: too shameful to publicize him openly, but he is not exactly afraid to use it to affirm alpha-male credentials among the locals. And so he forces the boys to build his saloon at the rate of 15 cents an hour. <br /> <br /> It seems to be a rather sorry operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) shows up on a bizarre device that is half a railroad car, half-car (where did Altman find that thing?) . Mrs. Miller immediately hires McCabe as a business partner, with the aim of classifying the new municipality with whores and the insistence that all visitors take a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, he also insists on account management. It is not clear what the function of McCabe will be. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when a couple of oily representatives of the mining company show up in the city and offer McCabe to buy it for five thousand dollars. McCabe tells them to buzz - he is resisting for fifteen thousand. The company considers the deal disgusting, so they hire a trio of killers to simply kill McCabe. . . although the way they think they can get by with the murder of a man in broad daylight in the city center is not as clear as the function of McCabe in the brothel partnership. (Finding out this huge slit on the grounds that the locals would be too intimidated to talk would not cut the mustard when one considers that any prize money offered by the local Marshal would be quite tempting.) <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs. Miller *, presumably "classic 70s cinema", should be much better than it is. The film tells a good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some amazing scenes, especially the one that involves what appears to be a 14-year-old stone killer. But it's really, really hard to enjoy a movie when you can barely hear what someone is saying and when you can barely see what someone is doing. Once again, this director hijacks his film with pure laziness and sloppiness. According to the trivia sheet here on IMDb, the film's editor welcomed Altman that the sound was muddy; Altman disagreed; and when everyone said the sound was muddy after the movie was released, Altman accused the publisher. (Beautiful). Along with the bad sound, the film has an atrocious look. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that looks like it's sprayed with dirty water. Reviewers here who praise the "dark brown glow" of this image have GOT make fun of me. The interiors are shot through what appears to be a dark scum. External photography is even worse: it is as if Altman had placed 500 smoke machines behind copious trees. During the highlight, when Beatty is dodging the killers while the local church is on fire, Altman insists on almost completely obscuring the view with an animated snowfall reminiscent of a Rankin-Bass Christmas special. <br /> Look - I can't watch a movie in these conditions. Come back to me when you learn to position the microphones, when you take away all that annoying "Altman-esque" dialogues and when you clean the lenses with a Windex or something. 3 stars out of 10.
