How did Al Pacino play in this film is beyond me. This film is absolutely terrible. I found out, after reading some of the other reviews, that a couple of people liked this movie, which fascinates me deeply, because I don't see how someone in their right mind can enjoy such a horrible movie like Revolution. It's not just that it's a bad movie, with a lousy storyline and a general weirdness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that the filmmakers were either mentally retarded (which is a very likely explanation of why this movie sucks how it does, though probably it still sucks even compared to other films made by retarded people) or deliberately made any illogical decision to make the film suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running around with an ugly fat mole on his face. He doesn't normally have a mole. The mole does not add to his character. It is extremely ugly and distracting. It is not like Robert De Niro's mole; it's much worse. Why the hell did he take that mole? It's like the filmmakers just said, "Let's see, how could we make this movie even worse than it already is? I know, we give Mr. Sutherland a huge and ugly mole on his face." <br /> <br /> Another example of the stupidity of filmmakers is the character Ned. Let's see, for the first three quarters of the film, the young Ned. At some point, "six months later" appears on the screen. Let's see Ned again, and he is, of course, the same actor who plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen and suddenly we have a different actor who plays the now older Ned. What, they think we're idiots? Good God! Once again, it's like the filmmakers say, "How can we make it worse? I don't think we can ... Oh wait! I just had a bad idea!" I know that a child does not grow much in six months, which is fine, but at least it grows more in three weeks. Just don't play another actor with Ned, or at least get him to play the five minutes when he's three weeks younger. Furthermore, the child who plays the "old" Ned does not look older than "young" Ned. In fact, it simply looks completely different, much thinner, and not taller or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, since I, like every rational human being, initially thought it was a new and different character . <br /> <br /> What, the first child died while they were shooting the movie? Because he was there for the first hour and a half, and then suddenly, three weeks later, Lock Stock's boyfriend and Two Smoking Barrels is playing Ned for the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor were dead, the filmmakers would have had to at least get an actor who looked like him to play the rest of his role, and resume the paltry five minutes of "six months later" scenes. Better yet, it is enough to completely discard the film, never finish it and never release it, not even tell it to anyone, because at that point they should have understood that their film sucked and finishing it they would only lose more time and money and they would have succeeded in making one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying this movie is so bad you shouldn't watch it; it's so bad you should watch it, just to see how much it sucks. It's terrible, terrible.
