Brilliant actor like him, does Al Pacino completely derail the revolution ?? his approach to reciting the Method is totally unsuited to the role of an illiterate trapper involved in the American War of Independence. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who made Chariots Of Fire just a couple of years ago ?? speaks of a coming !!). One of the many jobs of a director is to field the actors, convincing them to credible performances from them, but in this case Hudson allowed Pacino to go wild without asking for any restrictions. It's not just Al's low career that hinders the film: there are many other flaws with Revolution, more of which will be discussed later. <br /> <br /> Illiterate Trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north eastern region of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Does he lead a simple life ?? living out of the earth, raising a child, surviving against the elements. The country is dominated by the English colonialists, but during a period of eight years (1775-1783) a revolution takes place that ends with the defeat of the English and the birth of the independent American nation. Is Dobb involved in the events when his boat and son are enrolled by the Continental Army ?? swept away by events they can barely understand, the Dobbs find themselves fighting for their lives and their freedom in one bloody after another commitment. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of British aristocratic origins. Their forbidden love is played against the broader historical context of the fighting. <br /> <br /> Where to start with the flaws in the film? Are most key players mixed? Pacino has already been criticized enough, but Kinski does not behave as well as the renegade aristocrat while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless British soldier with a scowling Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's script is confused in his attempts to bring massive historical events to a personal level. No one seems to have ever decided whether this is intended as an intimate study with the American Revolution as a backdrop, or an epic war movie with a handful of carefully drawn characters used to carry the story forward. As a result, the narrative falls into the no-man's land, moving from "great show" to "little story" indiscriminately and meaningless. The soundtrack of John Corigliano is quite horrible, and is poured during the procedure without thinking or subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is clumsy everywhere, both in his mismanagement of Pacino and the other key players, and in the decision to use an irritating and shaky camera job during the action sequences. The idea of ​​the hand-held camera is to create immediacy ?? that feeling of "being there" in the confusion of battle and musket fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it doesn't work. The only department in which the film finds a minimum of respectability is the detail of the period, with costumes, sets and weapons that always seem accurate. But if the detail of a period interests you, a trip to the museum would be a better way to spend your time, because the crude film experience of Revolution does not even begin to make the vote. Nothing more than a £ 18m mega-bomb that the ailing British film industry could not afford in the mid-1980s.
