What a great word "re-imagine" is. Isn't that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? An intelligent word, in fact, hides the term that everyone has grown to hate, "remake" that is, and almost makes the sound as if the process of creating one were creative and involved the imagination. Well, dammit, I was tricked. At least I was more seduced by the thought of countless gores and unbridled violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining", even though it played a role. <br /> <br /> Again, why make a remake? The directors do it only for a few reasons: to update a film for a modern audience or because they personally love the original and want to pay homage to it. A tribute, if you want. Nevertheless, everything in general (I admit the exceptions) comes down to one thing: stealing someone's idea and redesigning it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who wouldn't see or understand it would pay to see it. It's like the notes of Coles / Cliffs; throw everything in a blender, purify everything that is more disconcerting and curious and throw some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing scheme. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with that? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we were able to understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust Romero tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then everything collapses. <br /> <br /> This set-up does not lead anywhere. The film does what almost every remake does. It adds more than anything except character, atmosphere and history. It is noisy, (in a sense) more bloody, and more full of main characters that appear only to die in absurd subplots. The setting, the shopping center that played a crucial role in the history and theme of the original film, is purely coincidental. The idea conveyed in Romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of having "a shopping center all for you as a fortress", ended here. Furthermore, this "re-imagination" has no moxie, no spirit, no balls. He assumes (probably rightly) that the public has no attention and does not bother to get us interested in the characters or the story. The film is rushed and the quieter interactions of the four characters of the original are missing. In fact, you grew to worry about those people in Romero's version because there was a certain realism in their existence despite the madness outside the mall. Here, you don't care when or who goes: what matters is how they go. <br /> <br /> What else is they to say? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to recover the rest with special gore and noisy effects. As a story it is really too clumsy to follow and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save it. The humor is also reduced to a few words (and a really good character: Andy). After that, what's left? An ending that is clearly ridiculous and far inferior to the subdued, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, despite being a rather ugly film (although not as bad as other remakes), for one thing it must be remembered: he kicked The Passion of Christ from his number one place at the box office. Well done zombies.
