This film is pure 'Hollywood hokum'. It is based on a novel called "Not Too Loose ?? Not Too Deep" by Richard Sale, which may or may not have been interesting, it would take research to find out! The film's story takes many incidents and many backstory for granted they existed in the novel but are nowhere to be seen in the film, so either the film was fiercely cut or the script was a disaster from the beginning There is not a millisecond in this film that is remotely realistic, either in terms of events and characters. It is pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so underutilized and wasted that it makes no sense to be in the film. adds a sprinkling of chopped chives to an omelette, hoping that the flavor will be improved.The film is a thoughtful attempt to produce a "moral tale" and is so banal that it is ridiculous. story concerns some hardened criminals imprisoned in French Guiana who want to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (a very jungle set in Hollywood, with a rubber snake). Of course there must be a woman in history, so Joan Crawford sums it up like a tramp for luck, who for some reason becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford on the run through the jungle wears high-heeled shoes and keeps his makeup fresh. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes cheesy expressions, wrinkling his forehead as he usually did, grinning and looking suggestively at everyone, his way of acting. It is difficult to treat a character like an inveterate criminal when he always tries so hard to be Clark Gable who surely has no time left to be a thief. (Attention seekers are by definition too busy stealing and unfit for a task that requires people NOT to see them.) The whole adventure is so ridiculous that it can only be considered light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and "depth" is made by injecting into history a mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily enters the prison and pretends to be a prisoner. Help in the escape and accompany all the criminals and ministers to their various deaths, helping them to find "peace" in their last gasps. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who retains a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes cryptic prophetic comments, and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is meant to be redemption. You could call it the Golden Donald Duck version of "Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy". For true depth, Hitchcock's "I Confess" of 1953 shows how it really should be done. On the contrary, this piece of insignificant nonsense shows how bare the beliefs of meaning in Tinsel Town were, and that when they searched something that could mean something, all they could invent was, he thought, more tinsel.
