The author of numerous novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered among the great authors of the world during his life, and although his reputation has faded over the years his work continues to dominate critical respect and large reading audiences. Published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is the story of a World War I veteran whose quest for spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of low Western values. It was Maugham's last great novel - and it was immensely popular. Since the novel's conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an extremely strange choice for a film version - but Darryl F. Zannuck of 20th Century Fox fell in love with the book and acquired the screen rights shortly after its release . <br /> <br /> According to film tradition, THE RAZOR'S EDGE was to be directed by the legendary George Cukor from a script by Maugham himself - and it appears that Maugham wrote an adaptation. When the film went into production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for his artistic touch than as a worker, and Maugham's script was replaced by that of Lamar Trotti, the author of memorable screenplays as THE INCIDENT OF OXBOW. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during World War II, was chosen as Larry Darrell spiritually in conflict; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of his era, was chosen as socialite Isabell Bradley. The supporting cast was particularly noteworthy, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the filming program were lavish, and when the film debuted in 1946 it was much admired by audiences and critics. <br /> <br /> But time has a way of putting things in perspective. Seen today, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is really a well-produced film - but apart from what you can say for sure is that it reaches a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Although reasonably close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is remarkably out of place in terms of character and absolutely fails to grasp the fundamental questions that guide the story. We are told that Larry is in search of enlightenment; we are told that he receives it; we are told that it acts on it - but despite the occasional and largely superficial commentary, we are never told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind it all. In particular, we are never told anything significant about the nature of illumination itself. It has the effect of cutting the story to its knees. <br /> <br /> We stayed with the shell of the Maugham plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman that Larry loves but leaves because of the growing ideological riff that opens up between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more famous for physical beauty than talent, but both could get good performances when they received solid support in directing and writing. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; they are extremely un-notes and Power is very bad to start. Fortunately, the supporting cast is pretty good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson in particular; the now famous performance of Anne Baxter, however, did not go as well as hoped. <br /> <br /> With a running time of just under two and a half hours, the film also seems unnecessarily long. There is an infinity of interminable jokes about the type of cocktail party, and indeed the whole Indian sequence (which seems slightly hilarious) would have been better cut - a strange situation, because this is the sequence intended as the crucial point of the whole movie. Regardless of the specific scene, everything seems to go on and on up to no actual point. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the film has not been remastered, but the print is extremely good, and while the bonus package is not particularly memorable nor is it poorly poor. On balance, I offer THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and the willingness of everyone to accept the material - but frankly, this film has left the fans of Power and Tierney, who will appreciate it for the sake of the stars and those whose ideas on spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
