What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment by trying to enter a country club? If he did, he could have called it The Razor's Edge, since the Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharpening of a razor is difficult to ignore, so the sages say that the path to Salvation is difficult". But Maugham decided to stay with the well-behaved class, and so we have the version of Darryl F. Zanuck of Larry Darrell, recently returned from the First World War, carefully cared for, well connected in society and determined to find himself becoming a miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham says: "This is the young man I write about, he is not famous, perhaps when at the end of his life he will leave no trace of his stay on this earth of a stone thrown into a river leaves on the surface of the water, but it may be that the way of life that it has chosen for itself can have an ever greater influence on its peers, so that, long after his death, perhaps, it will be realized that he lived in this era a truly remarkable creature. "<br /> <br /> The Razor's Edge has all the cultural taste of Zanuck that money could buy. He's so serious, so sincere ... so self-important. While Larry goes in search of wisdom, he works in the mines, on merchant ships, climbs a Himalayan mountain to learn from an ancient sage, we have his selfish girl, Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, her tragic childhood parent played by Anne Baxter, the snobbish and impeccably dressed uncle of the girl played by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, taking notes. The film is so unbearably pleased with the goodness that the only thing that sums it up a bit is Clifton Webb in the role of Elliot Templeton. "If I live up to a hundred I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has good lines, but we end up enjoying Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestigious success for the twentieth century when he acquired the rights to the Maugham novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He made sure there were a few dozen well-dressed extras, a score that sounded like it was meant for a cathedral and he also wrote some scenes himself. The effort is just as conscious of a fat man wearing a rented tux. Despite Hollywood's point of view on The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people hard work does not lead to enlightenment, only to fatigue and low pay. <br /> <br /> After almost two and a half hours, we see the last time that Larry carries his bag on a steamer in a storm. He will return to America from Europe with a satisfied smile on his face. "My dear," Somerset Maugham tells Isabel at the same time in a richly decorated parlor, "Larry found what we all want and what few of us ever have. I don't think anyone can fail to improve, and more noble, kinder to know him, see, my dear, goodness is after all the greatest force in the world ... and he has it! Both Larry and the public need a good dose of Dramamine. <br /> < br /> Maugham, not to forget, was a good writer of comedies, novels, essays and short stories.To see how the films could make it justice, look at how some of his stories were brought to the screen in Encore, Trio and Quartet. instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, he spends some time with Lawrence Durrell The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
