The summer of 1979, when this film was a staple of the new cinema medium called HBO, was Gas Line Summer and Iranian Hostage Crisis Summer. A change of mood was about to end low-on-a-mission, low-budget auto films, although "Smokey & the Bandit" continued to run Need-For-Speed ​​shifts like Roadrunner cartoons live -action for a few more years. "Corvette Summer" is extravagant like any previous film like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", if lighter and sexier than most. The brilliant automotive talent of High School Kenneth (Hamill) hitchhiked to Las Vegas in pursuit of the car theft ring that ripped his Shop Class masterpiece, a super-custom right-hand drive Vette . In the spiritual limbo of the desert I-15 (see "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas") enters a customized van (yes, this was also the tail of the van) deceived as a mobile brothel and driven to cheeky, aspiring prostitute Vanessa (Potts ), on the way to Sin City to do it, well, whatever the ambitious prostitutes do. VANESSA, understand? Shy, innocent, Kenneth is leading in Las Vegas, with his all-American determination and his new friend helping him, even though the young call girl is predictably less wise than the world at first sight. Because, in the "I am Woman" age, Vanessa invested her talents, money and future in the oldest but least dignified profession in the world for, for example, for college or even for hairdressers, it can be explained by young people who they would like to think that all women consider at least the joys of that career path. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Whitebread Kenneth (the car does not even belong to him personally, but to his school), which will not be discouraged by his goal with violence, money or even love - until he finds out why the car was really stolen. Potts acts with style and energy but Vanessa is too incredible for any other but the most gullible testosterone machine to buy. The bad guys are surprisingly human facts, especially from Brion James, always good. But there is not much action and this is not the type of film that can be brought about by dialogue, twists or heavy themes. You could always pull the plug, turn on the TV dial and connect the "Pong" console. The similar but worse vehicle of Chris Mitchum "Stingray", which appeared around the same time, showed performances of lamer but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each film may have produced a Vette movie that is worth remembering. So the Trans Am was left to rule the muscle car showroom at the box office. Another forgotten car film from the "Speed ​​Channel" weekend series, Lost Drive-in.
