If you hit your teens in the 70s, like I did, you probably remember the stories on Studio 54 even if you didn't like the disco. An exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of cultural overabundance and self-association of the 70s; there is also an excellent VH1 documentary about the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its golden age, and the stories are interesting enough to generate a very captivating film. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows the lives of some of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a waiter named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a coat-control girl, Anita (Selma Hayek), and, of course, the master of ceremonies in person, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While the club's activities are well represented, this film is more concerned with the personal lives of the workers, following Shane's story closer. <br /> <br /> The film works jerky. Sometimes it perfectly captures the superficiality of the nightlife culture (like when Shane is taken to a dinner and he doesn't know who "Errol Flynt" is), and at other times he turns into a mocking melodrama. Any of this is inherent in the premise ?? following the subordinates while mingling in the world of the rich and the fabulous ?? but much is due to the treatment with gloves for children with which both the club and Rubell are given throughout the film. While Rubell certainly thrilled the New York scene with his fondness for exaggerated spectacle and his exclusive hand-picked crowd every night, rampant drugs and sexuality are only briefly touched; and Rubell himself, while his excesses are mentioned, is strangely positive for a boy who was a liar in life, a cheat, a drug addict and promiscuous like everyone else. Not that I was looking for the man to ridicule here, but his ego contributed directly to the fall of his club and to the decline in the culture of nightlife that he helped raise. A final scene in which he looks at paternal regulars is so emotionally false that he is clearly absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers does his best to capture Rubell, but he gave so little to work here it's surprising his performance is effective; but he is good and helps to anchor the film. Philippe, who I generally find a good actor, is hindered here by the superficiality and stupidity of his character; he limits himself to a deer-like smile on his head or a dull unconscious frown, and even he cannot translate it into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both fine, again, under the writing, and Neve Campbell ?? prominent on the cover of the DVD ?? it appears so briefly that it really has an extended cameo. <br /> <br /> For some reason I am still interested, even fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even considering this, it is not a film that has particularly engaged me, despite the predisposition to like it. I would say if that era, or that club, has any interest for you, to track down the special VH1 rather than this mid-street melodrama.
