At first sight, Ruiz decided to create a psychological thriller. Although not as satisfying as a classic piece in that genre, there are rewards. The tensions generated between Huppert and Balibar as women calmly but calculatedly at war for a boy they both support are compelling; however, in a true style of European art house, Ruiz does not give us the release of this tension as women alternatively also try to behave with compassion towards one another. The only raised voice is that of Huppert who wakes up from a nightmare (an irrational unchallenged event in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the film is about his skeleton thriller like Jane Campion's In The Cut. Instead it is an intergender psychological study focused on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides to make a practical joke, making his mother play against another emotionally vulnerable woman. Both women seem to favor him rather than scold and this complicates the problem. In the background is an intemperate psychologist (Charles Berling), quick to confront the women of his life - his sister Huppert, the nanny or his pa - and thus acting as a symbolic counterweight to adult, calm and (we learn) manipulative Camille . It is particularly interesting that, like Henry James's The Turn of The Screw father, the jurist-juror of Denis Podalydes is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz models an oedipal moment to get out of Huppert's reaction to his return to the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Read it as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this film is ultimately rather disappointing. I'm officially rather fed up with Mme Huppert's screen method, which is too buried and so I'll try to see her onstage before she comes back to her (in Europe - she enjoyed Heaven's Gate). Support is good. However, Ruiz does not favor the cast. Regardless of poor lighting and some voluntarily odd strokes, it is as if his direction had left the characterization somewhat out of reach - I am thinking in particular of the neighboring shaman of Edith Scob of Isabelle, who acts knowing but communicates confusion. The pieces do not connect to a forward driving frame - the tension to which I have already referred is not only weakly dissipated, but wasted in its directional potential. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go instead to see L'Appartement. 4/10
