I absolutely despise this movie. It is no wonder that Jose Larraz "reneged" at some point and refuses to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his darker sex and sex maniac thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has a sort of unavoidable ability in this regard that does not seem able to go out, also because of his secondary career as a painter and cartoonist. Too bad he never created a western, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is easily his most famous film and probably his best known after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And his notoriety revolves around a scene in which a satanic congregation stages a bizarre ritual involving the extraction of a goat's reproductive fluid - symbolizing the beast - as a kind of nauseating balm to be used to prepare waif as a sister of a murdered man for his role as bride of Satan. The scene in question is staged in a way that seems rather convincing even without the display of any hydraulic apparatus of which the goat can be equipped, based on the histrionics of the recruited actress to recite the supplicant in the ritual and on many guttural songs on the film's recycled soundtrack, it was heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more implicit than that shown in the graphic details, made more acute by the awareness that the supplicant is actually the teenage daughter of the satanic priest. Mine but they had fun inventing this film. <br /> <br /> The problem is that there is not much to deconstruct or contemplate apart from the thin paper of the ROSEMARY'S BABY story of a woman who is weaned in her role as The Bride of Satan by a coven coven of Satanists living in the exaggerated campaigns of a left Great Britain. Driven by the feeling of anguish, Helga Line, these Satanists are composed of doctors, lawyers, landowner magnates and other dignitaries of the upper crust who actually owe their professional success to devil worship. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just be careful who you could sell to repay a personal conflict or you could end up being threatened with a sword. <br /> <br /> film attempts to combine this intoxicating satanic journey with a wealth of borderline graphic sex, and should be correctly considered as a sort of climax of sex and horror Spanish thriller traditions made in part popular by Mr. Molina & Ms. Line, and who had incredibly flourished under the disapproving eye of a Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While living his decree was that Spanish cinema had to be free from representations sex graphics on the screen. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with hidden sex for their screens and the other with fornication for export. As difficult as it was for filmmakers to express themselves, the result was a sort of interesting tension that usually occurs when artists flirt with the forbidden: the Spanish horror film of the 70s has a very special taste which is a bit of a taste acquired. <br /> <br /> But in a bizarre turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgies became suddenly found with respect to new sensations like JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without the constraints of Franco, suddenly they became a stream of explicitly graphic thrillers that came out of the pipes in the late 70s / early 80s, of which BLACK CANDLES is perhaps the best known due to its emphasis on sexual deviance with a barnyard animal. Larraz's main horror films always revolve around sexual taboos (the VAMPYRES lesbianism, the incest of SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION) but here the effect of depravity is to obscure the rest of the production. No one cares about anything other than the traditionally censored journey to the Goat, and observing a cut version without the scene in the stable is almost an exercise in uselessness. Sex is not graphic enough to be classified as a porn and the chills are not chilling enough to be considered horror. <br /> <br /> So BLACK CANDLES is essentially a behavioral study - this is how the British satanists of high society could behave in their secluded mansions in the West Midlands or whatever. Among the sex scenes the actors / actresses sit around and have many discussions. The best thing about the film is the undeniably overwhelming atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of the action taking place in the tightly closed interiors of Ms. Line's character villa. Almost all the ways of fornication are hinted at so that fans of soft-core sexual games with a hint of supernatural horror are amused, and of course the sexual criminals among us will enjoy smothering their chickens in the goat scene. But the final conclusion of the film is silly, pretentious, an insulting intelligence and is probably perfect for an otherwise unusable exercise in the applied sleato. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the goat, this film is not the same, and with the scene it is probably a little too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
