Note to yourself - just because a movie is foreign, obscure, and the stars Catherine Zeta-Jones doesn't mean it's good. This is the case of "Blue Juice", a 1995 English film about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what would seem (for a stupid American, anyway) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think this has the makings of a fun and wacky comedy. If only. The film is only a little over ninety minutes, but it seems endless. The simplest way to describe it is like a sort of British version of the '90s of' Grease 'without the dance, but this also makes it better than it is. No, the best way to take it is like a small slice of life set in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman who lives with a surf instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, remember). Pertwee is actually the star of the film, and his character is a sort of surfing legend for a small group of surfing devotees, the group of wacky spirits that inevitably inhabit movies like this. In this case, it is a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former nightclub who wants to become a record producer and a fat, nerd man who, in an unnecessarily extensive scene, is stoned and loses all his inhibitions which obviously turns out be the best thing that ever happened to him. I cannot honestly say that everything that happens in "Blue Juice" is predictable, given that it is set in a place and reflects habits and ways in which I am not very familiar, but there is certainly nothing surprising or even interesting that is play there or with the characters. The comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. You can perceive the arrangements a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors do it. The relationship between JC and Chloe is equally trivial. She wants it to grow; he wants the impetuous teenagers who started to be. He is afraid of losing face with his gang; she thinks she prefers them to her. You have an idea. As I struggled to focus on "Blue Juice", towards the end I felt, as they say, that this was an hour and a half of my life I would never come back.
