About five minutes later, and I saw where he was heading. High school kids get upset about the school administration and start stirring up thoughts of rebellion. I told my girlfriend: if it comes under 5 on IMDb, I'll go and read a book. Ha 5.0, so he convinced me to keep watching. What are the good things? Well, it's a good thing that this movie doesn't have a story, because you'd definitely be distracted from editing. It's like the drawing of the student ripped off by one of the teachers, all the filming of this film was cut into a bizarre accident that involved a meat grinder and left half of the warehouse destroyed, with the other half spliced ​​in two seconds. Even in a ten-second scene of local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are the montages. These are all set for electronic music, which warns you of another montage, so that, like Pavlov's dog, you start shaking every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I had to say what's good about this movie. Well, the film was shot very well, with a beautiful palette of colors that matched the emotional content - as there was - with the scenes. Ok, now with the main flaw of the film, and it was not the story, or its lack. The director made the fatal mistake of taking you astray for people and situations, not for an intelligent narrative, but to be very selective about what to show on the main characters. This is just cheating. I suppose he did it to make the central character more sympathetic. But it has become simply boring. If the plot is full of holes, there is no need to try to correct it by addressing the viewer incorrectly. And often there was not even the sense of doing it. And then the finale. Basically, the main villain of peace turns out to be a good boy, if a coward. In addition it transforms what seemed to be the central point of the film, that you should defend a just cause on its head, from the aforementioned disapproval, and make a point about the nature of the revolutions, which had already been done, and much better, by the animals. He also committed what I call Bill Cosby sin: no matter how things may seem at the beginning, in the end adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's face it: unless you are me, it's not true.
