Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief cook and owner of a famous restaurant in California. She has a lovely wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful son of about five. Sammy really loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he has a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help him. OK, it's my fault: I read the summary of other comments from IMDB users, I saw the rating of IMDB users, but I didn't really believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it, and actually some comments are very complacent. The plot, the script and the dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some films classified as X we can find smarter stories. Photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it appears to be taken through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres has no sense of ridicule: being an old, bald man would be acceptable in an advertisement for Viagra or the small child's grandfather. But like an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman, it's scary. In the Wood Allen comedy, maybe he had a chance, but in a "serious" movie, it's fun. I'm trying to figure out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski agreed to participate in such a horrible amateur and trash movie. Do they need money? Lack of possibilities in better films because of their age? Are they friends of the "director" (sorry for having used this word) and have decided to help and promote it? I don't know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a script. The same applies to the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. It looks fat, without make-up, without glamor. A total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actresses in the history of cinema. A fact is really intriguing to me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this junk, give higher marks or write favorable comments on this film? Are they friends of the "director" (again, I'm using this word ...) or of the cast? It seems very strange to me that a normal IMDB player can appreciate a movie like that. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(` Addicted In Sex')
