This scruffy B movie tries to disguise itself as a study of sexual addiction, but in reality it's an excuse for a sexploitation movie. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (thin name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is a restaurant owner with a dark wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a child. She has a sexual addiction and must have insignificant sex every five minutes with any woman in her field of vision who agrees (and obviously every woman on the planet finds it irresistible despite the fact that she looks old enough to be looking for Social Security) . <br /> <br /> The story centers on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski) in which he describes each of his sexual exploits through flashbacks. This is nothing more than a convenient starting point for a parade of serial sexual acts, which consume at least 75% of the screen. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to start criticizing a film this bad. The production values ​​are abysmal. The film is shot on video with a look halfway between a television soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn movie shot in someone's garage. Directed by Joseph Brutsman is horrible with bad lights, uninspired shots and bad direction by the actor. The script is silly and the dialogue disrespectful and vulgar. <br /> <br /> Women are generally portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphos who are just waiting for an addict like Sammy to come forward and annoy them as they feed their insatiable appetites with an impersonal copulation. For example, Grace's sister approaches to inform Sammy that she knows he is sleeping around and will tell his wife. His answer is to throw it against the wall and start raping it. About three seconds in it he has an illumination and is immediately converted into one of his sexual disciples who begs him to give her more. Just as they finish Grace enters and she says "Oh, good to see you, I have to run for Timmy" and Mom talks about Sammy's indiscretions. The bond of loyalty has been sealed by good devastation. No one spoilers here because it's so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who has seen the first fifteen minutes could have foreseen it. <br /> <br /> Sexual depictions are all exaggerated, mechanical and so little simulated that they are more comical than erotic. Most of these are made with both participants completely dressed. The acting is miserable. Michael Des Barres presents the full depth of a puddle of rain. It really seems to get into the thrust and profanity of the parts of sex, but when it comes to actually acting with Arquette and Kinski, it's adrift. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film, which gives a bearable performance and looks really hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lascivious animal. Nastassja Kinski is too compassionate as a therapist, but at least we have some acting here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of high body doublings to which they give provocative lines like "hit me harder, is it the best you can do?" and "Oh, God ?? Yes". <br /> <br /> This film is among the worst I've ever seen, a worthy distinction given by the thousands of films I've seen. I gave him the extremely rare disgrace of classifying it 1/10. Do not be seen within three hours of any meal.
