There is no denying that we have an affinity for speed. That's why films like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are made to play to satisfy the public, especially the local ones. We live on a small island, and I can't understand why, due to the relative efficiency of the public transport system, most of us want to get into debt by owning a set of wheels that come with 100% tax when they reach our shores, and the myriad of taxes and bills to be paid when you operate one. Not only that, high-level sporting events were once supported by an important northern politician who will never reach fourth gear, for fear of reaching the sea. <br /> <br /> And these films are relatively easy to make. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go well together in targeting the demographic required. For once, those deep necklines that show bizarre caps and short skirts that accentuate the two-meter long legs cannot compete with the attention given to those beautiful curves that exotic cars possess in films like these. Of course, there are among us (ahem) those who go for sexists who portray women as mere sexual objects (otherwise they explain why motor shows come with trucks loaded with models, and films like these cannot do without a leggy model in a frame), however, they don't guarantee the kind of collective orgasmic sighs every time the four carts come on the screen, even when they do exactly nothing and have their gears in Park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear he's wet his pants every time his dream car appears, and he dyed his pants even more when he hears these engine grunts. <br /> <br /> So we have it, fan fans who came in droves just to see which of the latest fantastic machines are in the film. With the Fast and the Furious franchise, Japanese models like Evos and Skylines are on stage, as is the GT. Here, the Ford GT takes on an astonishing change to the facade, which I too am impressed with, along with the latest models like Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs, and every car out there that has wings for the doors. But seriously, my heart goes to the machines whenever they are mercilessly destroyed just for fun. I mean, these are perfectly refined and high-performance models that are at the peak of motoring, but still because anyone who has financed the film has had millions to blow, they do it because they can, <br /> <br /> Not there is history in Redline, only excuses to put together a film full of beauties (the cars that are) that can tear the asphalt probably in the most boring way possible, and with the usual strokes of pedals (always the accelerator, attention , touching the brake the pedal is equivalent to swearing and you don't deserve respect), flying, gear changes (always moved upwards and not downwards), all this while the actors pretend to be the worst asses with a engine, growling and giving each other dirty looks. It's not a very high task for an actor, and that's why we get the most painful performances ever, with lines that seem to be written by elementary schoolchildren. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, she made a statement that the girls can drive) Natasha (a very plastic-looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million-dollar discoveries - a girl with the model looks like it doesn't matter if you get yourself headlong and immersed in oil, who has a racing pedigree inside her, and performs with a rock band sings songs with lyrics that are simply ridiculous (each line has to do with the cars, and when they sang of love, it was enough to make those allusions like changing the gear shafts, lubricating and going for the races). Presented against her desire for illegal racing by a gangster named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she is dragged into a family quarrel involving a war veteran resembling Leo DiCaprio in Iraq, and a deranged-looking lustful uncle. Everything else, as I said, serves only as an excuse for the film, to go from one race to another. <br /> <br /> And it is almost always the same, as it is very limited to what can be done to increase the tension between racing cars, especially when you know that the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and you can see the result of the race a mile away from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had rather charismatic actors, and I will put my head on the block defining Paul Walker, Sun Kang and, of course, the star that created - Vin Diesel, Redline had none, just cute faces with so much air Unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in his treatment from the beginning, with a very insipid opening sequence in which he is a man, a car and a 105 minute race against the clock to get to Las Vegas. <br /> <br /> So for cars, then, this film is seriously a piece of junk, with bad acting, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for car lovers, or for those who love their movies with countless beauties who drink their body without speaking.
