There is a scene in this movie about the 42 minute mark that is among the worst I've seen for some time. While F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are lying on the beach, suddenly things get tense and Sheilah starts to cry - at which point she tells her lover of her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly exaggerated and histrionic that I could not help addressing my wife and exclaiming how stupid it all was ... while dramatic music spread on television when it came to a fake crescendo. NO ONE experiences moments like this - nobody. Now, how much of the rest of the film is true, I can't say, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and fake like a $ 8 Rolex - and leads me to think some of the other reviewers were correct - the movie is a lot of bunks. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people and the Internet does not seem to clarify the issue. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems different from what I saw in the film. Was he the gentle and respectable man we initially see in the film? Well, considering he was married at the same time, he was continuing with Graham and drank like a fish, I guess he wasn't. Was it so hateful and rude as we will see later in the film? Maybe, but if it was so bad yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him, so this makes her a real mannequin - and not someone you'd like to see in a movie. And, if it were not, then the film does a bad service to his memory. In any case, it was a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The total sum of this film seems to be a story of two people who are not particularly nice or healthy. In a dark and salacious way, some may find it all very funny, but most are sure to see it as a train disaster without surprises along the way! Unpleasant but with lucid production values ​​(especially music, which was beautiful but very exaggerated) the question arises "why did they even choose to do this in the first place?". The bottom line - it's a pretty nasty movie all around and probably not worth your time - even if, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
