Is this a cheaper film than usual for the genre director Honda (with more elaborately elaborate sets) ?? although the special effects still have that distinctive character for them (the giant bats and exposed rodents testify). He also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten who plays the visionary scientist seems sick and fragile (but, therefore, his character should be 204 years old!), A harmless Richard Jaeckel is the photographer's hero, as enemy chiefs, we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially campy). As I have often said, I grew up watching English-language films dubbed in Italian, but listening to Hollywood actors in Japanese is something else! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a youthful version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and it's pretty fun at that level; indeed, it is preferable to the low variations of the Honda on the formula of monsters on the fury because of the characteristic charm of the set-up in this case. Does the plot involve the abduction of a famous Romero scientist ?? he was destined to settle in the technologically advanced underwater city conceived by Cotten (to which the most important minds in the world are recruited). We are treated to a lot of silly battles between rival subtitles, but the funniest scenes are certainly the incursion on Romero's cave ?? in fact, Cotten doing somersaults and rejecting men in rubber suits (through the flames and the laser emitted by his glove!) must surely count as the nadir of his acting career; the other elder of the cast, Romero, is more in his element ?? after all, he had been the Joker in the TV series BATMAN and in the 1960s movie! Cotten has a blonde medical fetish in his team, and is assisted by an Asian hulking; Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an eastern femme fatale ?? who, however, ends up getting an agreement for his efforts (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted into a hybrid of lion and condor that is among the most bleak-looking creatures you've ever seen!). Apparently, a set of 2 records of this from the streets of Media Blasters on this same day !!
