Fortunately, I didn't pay to see this movie. Also, I can't even reveal spoilers because I gladly went out WALKED OUT after forty minutes of film. It was so bad. I laughed once, when Yahoo! the billboard fell on the boy, and the theme song arrived. However, it was only because I thought he was kidding, but then I realized that it was still ANOTHER placement of products. <br /> <br /> I loved the cartoon. I looked almost religiously at it. (Even though I lost the last episode, I heard that they show Dr. Claw and it was nothing more than a Claw, someone commented on the page of the show.) The cartoon had Penny and Brain much more than the movie at that point. I hated the setup of the whole thing, reminiscent of Robocop. Then Broderick fucks with all the feeling of the Inspector Gadget. It's not as awkward as the cartoon was. Another fact is that his gadgets really work to the point that I've seen, except for the oil slick. He also cheated with the tone of "Wowsers" that was in an excited tone. I felt so disappointed that they killed the cardboard so badly. Everyone else felt that way too. We of 14-17 years remember with affection the cartoon and we loved every minute. <br /> <br /> I went into the movie with an open mind, knowing that they would have cared about the comic. I was surprised how late the film was. It was based on gags of sight and a stupid dialogue for humor. Disney relies on pain and physical humor to push a film for children. Product placement is useless in this film, and shows. The wise machine that breaks is not so good at creaking. The gadgets are beautiful, but they were almost too shiny. The cardboard looked better. The stupid scenes were very bad. In the 40-45 minutes I watched the movie, no laughter was heard, and they laughed at the Dudley-Do-Right preview. This film should not be watched by people who want intelligence in their family entertainment. I highly recommend "The Iron Giant", which was sad, but very, very good. This film is a parody of all the family drama .------------ 1
