You might want to know in advance that I'm not a Mormon, unlike a good number of those who have already reviewed this film. I talk about it so you will understand that the way I watch the film can be very different from that of faith. For some, being critical of the film could be considered a critic of faith - and it is NOT my intention. So, my review is that of a stranger trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were. Well, after seeing the movie, I doubt he learned a lot. Since I was a history teacher, I have a good basic knowledge of Young, Joseph Smith and the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to see this movie to really learn something will probably be disappointed because the film looks so damn good - too beautiful and too realistic in its interpretation. In addition, you learn practically nothing about the beliefs of the church except that they are good people, they work hard and some have many wives (and this last part is barely mentioned in the film). Instead, people are almost like cartoons in their simplistic representations. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, the non-Mormons were all devils and Brian Donlevy (interpreting EXACTLY the same role later played by Edward G. Robinson in THE TEN COMMANDMENTS) is the problem creator who claims to be a Mormon but it only comes so the film can have a bad boy. It's all very simple ... too simple. Almost like in an indoctrination film or in advertising. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was a very complex man, with many good points (an excellent organizer and visionary) and also bad (he didn't even let me start his opinions on blacks inside the church or on marriages mixed). Representing it in such vague terms is simply silly. It is also very similar to the way Gandhi was portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley: only the facts that led to his being almost superhuman have been emphasized. Heck, now that I think about it, this is the problem with most religious films - they often present themselves as one-dimensional, banal and banal. We make a complete and complete film of these men - one that keeps to facts and not emotional appeals. <br /> <br /> Now if you can ignore the fact that you won't learn much about faith or its second leader, the movie is pretty funny. It is obvious that at 20th Century-Fox someone was really interested in the film, since they had a wonderful cast of both premier actors (Tyrone Power), emerging actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful actors (Dean Jagger , John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also shot in wonderful and very polished locations. There simply wasn't much to tell us except that they were all "growing". Also, there were lots of concrete mistakes and some simply stupid scenes. Some of the errors include Young who takes the helm immediately after Joseph Smith's death (three years had passed), no mention of the various denominations and groups of Mormon shards, speaks of "gold in California" - even though it was 1847 and the gold was not discovered until 1948, as was no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's many wives. Only stupid scenes include Carradine pulling out a gun and waving it in the court scene - and no one seemed to care - even though it was a very hostile audience! Don't you think that at least the judge would have told him to put it away and stop threatening people with it ?! <br /> <br /> One last comment. Not, I repeat, I don't watch this movie when it is shown on American Movie Classics (a big station that has sunk a lot in recent years). While I am critical of the film because of his simplistic message, I was horrified by the total lack of respect that the station had for the church and its traditions. What I mean is this. The film was punctuated with announcements for penis enlargement formulas and tons of pop-ups (some advertising a show featuring the "sexiest cast"). Talk about disrespectful and gross and I would be equally offended if they did it for any other religious film. In this way, they not only insult the faith, but marginalize their market - after all, who is listening to these things And the life of Brigham Young ?! Is it a film, in this form, that you can show to your children or recommend it to others ?!
