Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager passed to Satan (and LSD) by her boyfriend of archaeologist Richard. There is a demonic cult of the hippy quarter suspended in the old decrepit local castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drug, join sexual orgies, dance to psychedelic rock mosquitoes and participate in mass black ceremonies where boys wear trousers, masks and cloaks and women wear nothing. Unfortunately, this type of extracurricular activity left Leila open to demonic possession from the dreaded "spirit of evil". Leila also comes from a messy family, which doesn't even help them. His older brother John is a recluse who seems to be in love with her. His mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she thinks she was responsible for her father's death. Finally, his sister (Maria Kosti) is a semi-golist named student (panting!) Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of help hired around even to waste more time. Two maids (a young woman who takes off a lot of clothes and an old woman who spies on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeurist who spies Leila changing clothes, taking pictures of her naked and sneaking into the pool house to smell his newly used swimsuit. Oh yes and Borg, the German shepherd for pets. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is father Adrian Dunning, the doubtful priest (zzzzz) who starts looking around after John and Richard both have their heads turned backwards. Leila tells him "They say I'm perverse and I'm going to prove that it's true!" During his birthday party, he tells his guests "You make me sick! I hate you all!" and when mom suggests getting a doctor, she screams "I don't want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests entrusting Leila to a "sanitory", but Leila runs away and joins again in the cult. It is saved (again) and returned home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At this point in the film, there are only ten minutes left in the end and all we have seen is boring scenes of characters talking and complaining about how terrible their lives are and how Leila behaves in strange way. It's almost so distressing to sit like an Andy Milligan movie, without the gusset and laugh. But in the end, in the last few minutes, we get the movie that the title implies: a shot of possession similar to EXORCIST. Unfortunately, the best part of this is the contact lenses that Leila wears. Some low-cost time-lapse shots appear on his arms, on his legs and on his face, she gets scabby lips and the eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marbles. He starts to smell of rotten meat, spits some cream, starts talking with the voice of his late father, sneaks into his mother's bedroom, slaps her a bit and calls her "a lousy whore of a whore ". Meanwhile, Father Adrian, who now believes he is finally possessed, rejects his attempts at seduction, hallucinated frogs and eels are in the kitchen and crumbles Leila with holy water. The doors open and close, a mirror breaks, there is sudden thunder and its bed rises from the floor. After facing Dunning and the two roll down the stairs, the spirit is out of her and inside - guess who? Why, Borg the big dog of the family! The demon dog then lights up Adrian and chews him a while before he impales him on a fiery poker. So we get one of the most annoying final shots ever made for movies. It is Leila on the floor that goes from her horrible appearance to her usual being sexy. But then there is another time-lapse effect that seems to suggest that the demon can re-enter his body. It's so bad, you have no idea what to do with it, which is the last slap in the face to anyone who has just realized that he wasted an hour and a half in this pointless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, 1 of 10 is.
