... You can't put it off the road, because it's old; and if you were charitable you could say that the ponderous gait with which he walks together is not really his fault. However, in these circumstances it is often difficult not to get upset when you find yourself dragging your heels in its wake. So it is with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that in this way is mainly hindered because the venue is completely wrong; a bit like showing your breakdancing skills at a grandfather's funeral. <br /> <br /> Extend the metaphor further (perhaps carelessly!); like the old lady, it begins to feel with the set-up of the film that her disappearance cannot be far away. Sure enough, this particular "death" is painfully protracted, slowly undermining our reserves of empathy in small increments, while depressing we arrive at the awareness that the acts are directed only in one direction: Downhill. His laborious attempts at "humor" can be seen moving a mile away - again, not unlike the sad inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Returning once again to the image of "dragging heels", the protagonist, Tom, is shown to repeat this action incessantly throughout his life. If there really are degrees of "pathetic", then this sap is probably a good number of notches ahead of Schwimmer's other, more famous one. To be in the awkward position of having to align the sympathies of the public with a still MORE 'foolish' character by Ross is certainly a tough question even as far as a comedian like Schwimmer is 'clever', but I imagine he can find fault with himself for accessing some "echoing" situations in the first place. <br /> <br /> How will he escape from his most famous portrait if he chooses scripts in which the characters could be almost "interchangeable", even if the situations are not 't? A man with a high school crush from a long time with someone he hasn't seen for years. Sounds familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing but bland in his role of "Rachel", but all this going beyond the old ground would perhaps be forgivable if the differences of DIFFERENCES present were not so incongruous. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well worn that it is worn, and the "background" is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting film is something "stiff" ...! 2/10.
