This Franco-British co-production is one of the countless films shot in Spain in the wake of the unexpected phenomenal success enjoyed by Western Italian "Spaghetti" and, as is typical of the efforts of this genre, presents an eclectic assortment of established and emerging international stars : Robert Shaw, Telly Savalas, Stella Stevens, Martin Landau, Fernando Rey, Michael Craig, Al Lettieri, Dudley Sutton, Antonio Mayans, etc. Ironically, however, this inconsistent film mess is a shining example of why most American film genres became a dying race in the 1970s and is now virtually (or officially?) Extinct. I really wanted to love this film, not only because the Westerner is one of those favorite films, but also because it had all the qualities, including an intriguing premise, to be good - not to mention the fact that my father had bought an edition paperback of the novelization of A TOWN CALLED BASTARD following its original ease relationship! As it is, the only virtue of the film (if, indeed, it can be called even so) is its pure eccentricity: for example, Stevens, playing a widow to take revenge on the man who betrayed her revolutionary husband, sleeps in a coffin (!) driven in a carriage by his stupid servant (?) Sutton; Savalas, like a bloodthirsty renegade, who at first sight seems to be the main villain of the film, is sent without many ceremonies by his henchman, Bederieri, very early in the photo; the villain of the piece, then, turns out to be Landau who, in the very first scene of the film, is seen plundering side by side with our legendary hero turned priest Shaw! Fernando Rey, who plays a blind farmer, is the only one who can identify the rebel Shaw who, in the end, turns out to have been just a front for ... well, it doesn't matter! As you can see, the plot is very confusing and becomes strange from there! The production team responsible for this film was also behind other Western dishes at the same time, such as CUSTER OF THE WEST (1967), BAD MAN'S RIVER (1971), CAPTAIN APACHE (1971) and PANCHO VILLA (1972).
