I am stunned by the amount of praise being poured into this film by other commentators. For me it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and the inner tumult of the main character does not work at all (in the book by Vonnegut Slaughterhouse Five and even in the adaptation of George Roy Hill for the screen he makes). Credibility is often excessive. Too many questions are left open. Have I lost some central points? Or have I failed to identify the lines that supposedly link the points? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell, Jr., grows up in the state of New York. At home his father has many technical documents and a book. He has photographs of piles of corpses. The boy flips through the book, his father doesn't like it. What should this tell me? The family moved from the state of New York to Berlin. BLAST. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theater playwright. What kind of plays do you write? In what language? Is it successful? His wife is an actress and looks charming. Parents return to the United States and invite their child to do the same. He does not. Why? Why does growing up in Germany feel more German than American? Why is it successful? Why is his wife? Why does he like his life there? Why does he like the Nazis? Why is he simply lazy and doesn't like change? Don't ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps, man does not care, he is not interested in politics, he is a sort of existentialist. He claims to be deeply in love with his wife. Talk about his Republic of the Two (meaning him and his wife). There is no evidence to show his love for his wife in the film, much more like a Republic of One. <br /> <br /> At the request of an American agent Campbell, Jr., agrees to pass on the anti-Semitic Nazi hatred propagating to American listeners as a device to transmit encrypted messages to American authorities reading between the lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on a Berlin bench is short, not very exciting and anti-climatic, the decision to play is easy enough without explanation, the rise to the broadcaster seems to be quiet and apparently fast. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., who shows up in the air as the last American free. The scheme for transmitting secret messages is quite realistic and exciting, even if one wonders what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and genuinely had to cough, sobbing, etc. (He must have scrambled the messages terribly). In any case, the Nazis lose, his wife dies (tour in Crimea for German troops - I never heard that such tours actually happened on the German fronts in World War II), Campbell, Jr., says he goes to the Russian front but he does not go, he is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (how come?), is dragged on a sightseeing tour to Auschwitz, is then released and resettled with the help of the Crucial Agent somewhere in the City of New York. /> <br /> AND THIS IS WHERE THE STORY REALLY REALLY <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on it will be like a story by Paul Auster. It's 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York as a former state and mourns the loss of his wife. Does anyone really care, or does it? Yes, somehow they do, and its neighbors offer a kind of distraction. Auschwitz survived. A painter. Some American supremacists discover "he and they want him to be their dummy. Do they even find his alleged dead wife for him, or is he his wife?" In any case, eventually Campbell, Jr., called to the Israeli consulate, and politely handed him the treatment for the Great War, placing it in the cell adjacent to that of Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, once this task is finished, he hangs on the typewriter tapes without being a little sooty. <br /> <While I see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I have only had the impression that the main character is a person who at all times is quite indifferent to everything and hardly able to love anyone. found it difficult to sympathize with this loser who mourns his loss, surprisingly, many reviewers focus on his status as a potential war hero, having staked his reputation for playing The Last Free American. courage. In reality, however, th The film suggests that accepting the job Campbell created for himself a win-win situation, since he would have been politically safe, regardless of who won the war. The danger of his being discovered never emerges during the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> It could be argued that the whole story is a dream fantasy and that no one should worry about historical accuracy or the logical development of the story that explains it all. But even then he fails to make a point, first of all, I suspect, because the love story in the Republic of the Two falls completely flat. This is a pity, especially considering that his wife was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has too little time for the screen and is forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another aspect that is somewhat overlooked are the different texts (confession, transmission and hidden messages), but I imagine that this is largely unshakable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
