I will keep the review of this program as short as possible. Salta. Low budget script, not funny, poor. Acting is not as bad as writing, but it's still bad. This is all you need to know, but I will continue to write more than I need to. <br /> <br /> This is a film with three segments, each of which parodies another type of film. A much more fun movie with the exact same idea is "Movie Movie", with George C. Scott. Very obscure, but worth looking for. MM parodied movie of the '30s, and did it with elegance, precision and irony. <br /> <br /> This movie no. Parody three types of films, apparently from the late 1970s to the early 1980s, except that it is a parody of films I have hardly ever heard of. The first is, I suppose, a parody of "Kramer Vs. Kramer", in a sense. Peter Reigert does his best with a dirty script. The second is a parody of, I don't know what ... a novel by Danielle Steele? I mean, could you see a story like this on Lifetime TV, but in a cinema? I mean, I remember the 70s, I was there. This is a parody of the soap opera about an attractive young woman who sleeps to power. These kinds of things usually parody themselves, so I don't see how it was necessary. <br /> <br /> We are on a slightly easier terrain with the third segment, "The Municipalians", which parodies the detective films. I noticed elements of "The New Centurians" and some "Dirty Harry", both almost 10 years old when the film was created. Yes, beautiful and current. Robby Benson plays the idealistic young rookie (exaggerated top wimpy) while Richard Widmark plays the grizzled veteran cop drinking whiskey sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! My sides! Actually he's drinking alcohol in the police car! Irreverent!) Note that this was the first film after "Animal House" to have the name "National Lampoon". Wow. Going from that classic movie to this pile of manure in five years is nothing short of shocking. I could go on for hours on the sad decline that caused one of the most original and original voices of American humor (which would have been National Lampoon, the original magazine for about its first 10 years or so) of selling and starting a long , slow to slip into a world of shit, where the magazine has long since ended and only exists as a brand to slam on low-budget "comedy" films for a fee. Yet another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so badly. <br /> <br /> However, this film is a great success. Don't waste your 90 minutes. I want my return. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in!
