If the term itself was not geographically and semantically meaningless, we could well speak of "Ned Kelly" as an "Australian Western Western". For the people of Down Under, Ned Kelly was, apparently, a bandit of popular heroes like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. A descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after being falsely accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was imprisoned. To return to the government for this mistreatment, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other comrades, became notorious bank robbers, winning the hearts of many people in the countryside while they were hitting a justice blow in a land where Irish immigrants were often treated with lack of respect and disdain on the part of those who ran the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we have encountered this "banned gentleman" scenario so many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and unoriginal pays tribute to any number of stereotypes and clichés of its kind on its way towards the inevitable showdown. Ned is the typical offender of the heart of gold who kills only when he is forced to do so and, even then, only with the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of ordinary people, as when, in the midst of a bank robbery, he returns a precious watch to one of the clients, after one of his gang has so irremediably pilfered him. Which film on this particular subject has not characterized such a scene? These are acts of selective generosity like this, of course, that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with attaching them to the powers-of-being and the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the typical annoyed law expert who feels a personal interest in bringing down this provocative troublemaker who continues to perfect the establishment. There is also the inevitable episode in which one of the girls is held in the next room and has sex with one of the thieves, so she is excited by the romantic madness of the criminal lifestyle. And the film is full of scenes like that after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger fails to stand out in the lead role, providing little in terms of substance to make his character interesting or engaging. It doesn't help that he was forced to provide a humming narrative voice that underlines the sanctity and pretentiousness of both the character and the film. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" could serve a kind of function as a lesson in Australian history, but as entertainment, it's just the same old story told in different accents.
