I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the cult uproar. Apparently, the first film of the new impresario Eli Roth, is just such an important effort with the IQ points coming down as the film progresses. There are worse films out there, and certainly more bloody (although I'm not sure how the hype-meter has become so high in the blood issue for Hostel, there's a good amount of fans of the genre here). The premise is not necessarily negative: the boys go to a booth for a week of celebration, only to meet a very sick man, covered in blood, who set on fire in a panic. He finds himself dead in the water that feeds the tank, and soon the characters will succumb to the meat-eating virus in one way or another. The characters, either the main college kids (including Rider Strong like the hero and James DiBello like the staggering side-bar) or the village support people are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully so. <br /> <br /> As they meet their destiny, the inhabitants of the city become rather strange, and it seems that they are not put together in a sensible way without the many laughs; "Pancakes kid" comes out of nowhere and maybe it could be more fun in another movie or alone, but in the context of the rest of the film, it doesn't work. There is also a young police figure who is even more stupid and less convincing than others. And the family that follows DiBello after an accident has some possibilities that are not realized. But all the while, Roth brings out his script with common sense out of the window and sudden scares and scares with people sucking each other's blood and a killer dog wandering around. Which is not all for either of them. Now, unlike the smaller Troma horror films or even the minor ones of the 70s or 80s - of which I'm sure Roth is a huge fan - it doesn't make it unwatchable. It is also smart to have no explanation for the source of the virus. <br /> <br /> But unlike those films, he too has no good idea of ​​what makes campy horror times great. His film tries to do it, of course, and only once or twice does it become a stupid and bloody time (I liked the random rabbit Strong he sees while on the stretcher). It's not even very badly filmed a long time (though with its invented style choices, red-tinged wing on the lens or that story with the bowling alley-worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shaving the legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and pointing to a fairly typical terrain. If that's your cup of tea, more power for you. In the end, however, I discovered that this is a non-exceptional territory of genre that does not offend the sensitivity of the public to Saw, but does not fit the fence or like an intelligent B-movie. Roth also has the temerity to end the film on a real note of 'what-the-hell' as a grocery store employee with a Santa's beard before in the movie that serves a lot of black people. It could work if he followed us with something better or dropped it altogether. The same could be said for most of the film. C-
