The premise of Cabin Fever begins as if it COULD have something to offer. A group of college teenagers after the finals (in the fall?) He goes to a cabin in the woods where one by one he is attacked by a virus that eats invisible meat. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where all the remote elements of the quality of the film stop. Cabin Fever is little more than university boys looking for sex, alcohol, talking about nothing, and seeing how many F bombs can enter in 1:40 minutes or anyway along this mess. <br /> <br /> Children act and react stupidly to everything around them. One of them, for example, discovers that the skin virus has infected his legs, so what does he do? She continues to shave her legs and fails to take adequate medical care for her injuries. The scene is little more than a coarse. In another scene, "Boy Meets World" Rider Strong is bitten by a child who just says "Pancakes" and loves to do karate kicks on those who sit next to him. If you can understand why the baby "Pancakes" was included, I'd like to know. However, Rider makes fun of a wild dog and goes off to wash his bitten hand in a probably contaminated stream. Another guy loves throwing F reaction bombs at reacting to everything around him and shooting squirrels. Why? Your hypothesis is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the ONLY guy with some recognition in this film. Try to calm people down between screaming and screaming and F *** Y **! bombs that people are throwing around. When the kids are not screaming, they are having or are talking about sex or they are talking nonsense to other adult characters who are EVEN MORE (if possible) idiots of children! The idiot cop with an IQ of 60 at best could be one of the worst acting jobs I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who don't play with a complete deck, this dork doesn't even know how to find the cards! LOL! I was like, "Please, PLEASE, are you already shut up ?!" Makes the actors kid geniuses! The only part I liked most was Rider's (though gory) scary story about the unbalanced bowling boy. In interviews, Rider said he had great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be going for something more than a shock and a gorro. There are too many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something nice about this movie. Perhaps the autumn scenery at the beginning? Actually, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being a 1! I hope he was compensated for this stuff!
