I really don't know if Cabin Fever should be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's much closer to the joke than anything. A few years ago, the community of horror film producers decided to take a new step and tease the genre, thus giving life to the Scream series. A list was given in Scream, of all the stupid things that the horror characters will do that are predictable, and the Scream characters ended up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre , and led to hope that the horror films from now on would show something different, full of irony towards the genre, self-mockery of the film itself, or at least different in their dramatic process of all the "old" films that responded to the film Same criteria tired. In seeing "Cabin Fever", unfortunately, many will see how unreal, serious, pretentious, boring and even not scary some apparently "scary" films are now, even a few years later. First of all, this film lacks originality in a way that few others do. It has been said many times, how little the horror filmmakers of the imagination have today, redoing the remakes of foreign sequels, but the fact of setting the film in a cabin in the woods does not seem to be a "tribute" to anything, it seems to be simply a repugnance. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors in the plot of the film will not be: once again, we are faced with a film whose characters are all in their early twenties, who will not think rationally if faced with a problem, rather arguing for hours and gather fights that try to think and do something about it. There is not much excitement there either. For the umpteenth time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, make love and just have fun, all sorts of things that don't make them really different from any other horror movie victim previously seen. Secondly, this film is unimaginably serious. Every situation in which the characters are found, every dialogue, every situation in the film is treated with so much seriousness that every spectator with a small sense of derision will feel relieved when some characters end up dying. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or recited shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is rather surprising considering that the film is about an invisible virus, never heard before the meat was eaten (no laughter please). I won't even talk about acting, since there are no actors in this movie. The cast was definitely hired to be friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and this will affect anyone who has seen a "good" horror movie, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), It doesn't make sense, neither in the facts, nor in the psychology of the characters, nor in the exhilarating exhilaration sequence of the film, which is probably supposed to be fun according to the director and screenwriters. In the end, I'll just observe that a horror movie should have something scary. Gallons of fake blood, which have been spewed, squirted from limbs cut or simply dripping from wounds, have never been enough to scare an audience. Such important features as the script, ideas and even cruelty are required of anyone who claims to have shot something scary. If I didn't think it was a total failure, I would agree that the film has a talent: it's disgusting to watch. Yet being disgusted and afraid are two very different feelings, let it be known. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone curious or interested to see this movie to check out the major horror films, why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, films made by Wes Craven, Dario Argento , Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... could not only give a good definition of what is scary, or self-mocking horror, but also convince viewers that "new" is not necessarily "best". A good example linked to the film are the few songs that the composer Angelo Badalamenti has provided for this film, even if they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are below anything he has ever done before.
