Anyone who has read my review for "Alone In The Dark" by Uwe Boll will remember that I compared the unenviable task of sitting through that piece of human waste to have pulled out every single hair on my arm. Well, take this analogy one step further with this garbage trash and try to imagine the pain of getting your teeth extracted without novacaine. Do this, and you'll get a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is. <br /> <br /> I never believed that a film could overcome the gripping anxiety that Uwe Boll came up with as the "worst movie ever made". But honestly, I have to say that "Cabin Fever" is very close. This is yet another sad excuse for a film that had absolutely no valid reason to meet any form of cinema release. For someone who claims to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth does, he created the most annoying and twisted patchwork of a movie that I think I've seen in my whole life. How can you ruin a story like this? Think of the potential that this plot would have had without the badly written characters, without bad writing, and without all that useless and unpleasant comedy. A film about a grotesque carnivorous virus could and should have been much better than what Roth gave us. This script has failed on so many levels with me. And, even if I don't doubt the obvious talent that this director has, I know he waved the ball big with an idea that could very well redefine the horror genre. <br /> <br /> To say that it was the production of missed opportunities would really be a gross game of words. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects cannot even save him, and this is an element I normally use. There was really nothing about "Cabin Fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three quarters of the crowd comes out of the theater halfway, you know the movie is sinking fast. My best advice for those who read this would simply rent before buying. A vision was more than enough to let me know that I probably won't bother doing it anymore.
