Those of you who, like me, have been disappointed by the original 1995 horror yarn, "The Fear" will find more to be disappointed with in this stupid sequel. A similar plot follows, but it is impossible to connect to the original, except for the presence of Morty, the wooden mannequin monster. Here is a brief overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) sees his father brutally kill his mother and then take his own life, Mike is still suffering from the fear of that day. Hoping to free his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a group of friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is that everyone is dressed in costumes that represent their fears, and then present the fears to the dummy Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process should magically take away someone's fear. What Mike doesn't know is that Morty is possessed by his father's spirit and starts killing friends ... or is Mike himself doing the murders himself? Who cares? <br /> <br /> I have some problems with this movie. The first is with Morty. I thought the original made Morty quite convincing. This time, it's painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake suit. This can be seen especially in the early scenes, where Morty should still be inanimate, but if you look closely you can see him blinking. Another problem is that most of the characters don't try hard enough. Some of them do it, namely Betsy Palmer, on Friday 13th, which was excellent in this film. But most of them do not make the effort or were not given the chance. Finally, there are the killings. The opening scenes that included ax murder were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them I thought I was making a good movie. When the second half of the film arrives, and the killings really start, everything falls apart. Deaths are either non-creative, invisible or anticipated (glimpses of the next scene while Currie has a blackout). A character dies at the end and no one, including the viewer, not even known. While more characterization was needed in the initial half, it was not bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel has come this far and didn't really know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they turned out to be really sloppy and pedestrian. A silly ending doesn't even help. So, unless you really love the original and have fun tearing the shrapnel from under your skin, you should skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". The Zanatos score: 4 out of 10.
