Attack Force has a horrendous title, and can almost certainly be judged by its horrible cover, because the film is horrible! An interweaving of plots, an uncertain mess and a horribly stagnant rhythm, make the film difficult to watch from beginning to end. I managed this and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly from his old days), it is painful to see him as the protagonist of this tripe. The last half-dozen True Seagal movies sucked a lot, but some of them had at least some saving features. The force of attack is a disaster. From concept to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from an alien plot to the current one of a very addictive super drug, which is about to be unleashed on Romanian (the film has several locations, none of which is Romanian, but all look like Romania because I'm in Romania!) People. The film is shot together with little regard for whatever state the original script was. Plot holes and loose ends abound in the film, that's for sure. This has also been a problem in the latest Seagal films, but the result has never been so boring. There is a whole plot about water supply poisoned with CTX (which is the cool name of the drug) that has never been solved! <br /> <br /> Of course in recent years the plot has not been the main attraction in the Seagal canon so there was a great burden in the other departments, especially in the action. But before you consider action, all the other departments are poor. The direction is poor, or perhaps better, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally intended this film? Between him who finishes his work, the subsequent filming of the stuntman Tom Delmar, and the editing, a coherent author's vision is completely lost. The best way to describe the film is that it's the whole store! Cinematography is boring, almost inducing sleep, while the droning score (which sounds like it was produced on the cheapest of cheap synthesizers) does nothing to excite things. Even the cast is poor, unable to save anything here. Seagal seems bored beyond recognition, and is nicknamed through much of the image, clearly when plot points are changed. He looks tired, overweight and lethargic, unlike what has appeared in the previous photos (notable as the aforementioned were the main complaints in recent Seagal photos). The only redeemable cast member is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains, doing a slimy English routine. It seems to be a return to the alien plot, because it is doing it inhuman. It looks like a cross between a robber of bodies and a vampire (ditto for the bad guy lead played by a hot girl who appears occasionally, apparently waiting for her husband ?????????????????? "Well, he's poor. Poorly conceived, badly shot. There's not much either, and there's even less of Seagal. Stevo doesn't bring the stand-in out here, because there's so little to do. There's also a long action scene (repetitive and boring) about the time that is interrupted from time to time with small flashes of Seagal's position because clearly Seagal was not there while the scene was being shot, and they wanted it to be present in the movie scene Seagal eventually appears in person to shoot two guys in the head, Seagal has a credit here for the producers and a credit for the script, but from what I understand the film has been altered behind the current state of Seagal apparently will no longer work with these people, or with Castel Studio and continues to provide horribly sub-Nu-Image (which is saying something), material. <br /> <br /> In general, this is one to avoid if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be sure of knowing that the big man probably won't want to do something so bad anymore. Unfortunately, his next film, which has already been shot with the same people, promises to be even worse than that. *
