I rented it because I'm a little tired of 80s NBC programming and apparently saved a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and for their merit they do a good job but this show is defective from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have a character that is unlikely. It's full of flaws, unlighted, and a complete asshole for a good day. Yet the reason why someone should be interested in it just isn't there. While the creation of an American sitcom centered around a rebellious henchman is revolutionary and full of potential, it does not meet here within this show. Most secondary characters are not full-bodied characters, but rather sad boxing bags that want audience empathy to be punched. As in any sitcom, they are the ones that are made the most normal for the audience to relate to, and in doing so deny the main character to such an extent that we see Bittinger being himself and harming people and they stay there because .... because ? There is no reason. Any normal person would have simply left the abuse. Keeping them there without a real reason - even the incredible one given by Joanna Cassidy in the particular 2-part abortion episode that has its biggest problems - is where the show falls apart. To simply believe that people bear this boy because we are told he has a heart of gold that does not marry the reality of the situation. If anything, this is not even dramatic. This is a poorly designed, conceived and executed premise that has had a few moments, but overall it has met the destiny it deserved. Someone had the courage to go out and make a good idea, but the execution is so messy that it looks like a strangely scripted version of the Jerry Springer show where someone is abused by this tyrant that we should be rooting because we're told One show like this requires a clever touch that the actors here could have easily provided, but somehow they are not able to do it. And this is a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Recalculate with a show in its infancy. Regardless, the show deserves a watch. But he really ruined it when he tried to aim at the stars, and made the whole business not what could have been.
