Going down as the most expensive film in Finnish history, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with an extremely Lynchian narrative that tells an increasingly decrepit series of "Floors" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital, where our protagonists are trapped. Led by an autistic daughter and his father, himself disenchanted by the apparent lack of medical progress by hospitals with his daughter, he makes his way into an elevator to discuss the problem with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and an apparently intoxicated poodle, the collective soon finds the complex abandoned, but they are not alone. Directed by the Finnish Pete Riski, best known for his television work, "Dark Floors" is shot in English, mainly using English actors, but has the notable inclusion of Finland's most famous band "Lordi" (winners of the 2006 Eurovision competition) as themselves, that is, in their monstrous costumes on stage, like the antagonistic films, yet for all this razzmatazz the production fails where it is most needed, in convincing the public. <br /> <br /> Every film that has the protagonist uses the phrase "it's too quiet" is already headed towards a dubious path, and this horror-affected Lordi doesn't break this convention. For all the good ideas that have been thrown into the mix there are a series of mature clichés beside and, worst of all, everything that is interesting, original, is not enriched enough to make it resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially highly disturbing and provides a sense of inevitable ruin because the public is aware that those trapped in the hospital must advance further and further down the mud. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the public into unconscious fear, the viewer is aware that the journey will become increasingly dangerous, as the levels degenerate from gleaming white to infernal black, but I don't think the characters are quite aware of this fact to be threatening. Furthermore, the whole movie that takes place in what is essentially his time bubble is again a nice touch, a concept not often used in the horror genre, but the characters don't deal with the situation with enough fear and trepidation when they stumble on this done, they continue their business too promptly and without a real concern because the idea means something to the public. These initially good ideas are allowed to go to waste, as if the director and / or Mr Lordi (who had many of the ideas used in the film) had these thoughts, but could not agree or decide how to best use them and as such lose the their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> However, despite all the frustration, there are large amounts of comedy, but not for the reasons that the creators would have hoped. Too much is a cliché, too much is recycled and too simply simply ridiculous. While the main character is played amicably by Noah Huntley, the characters are simple cardboard cutouts that have been pasted into the history of other films. We have a guide man who does everything possible to protect his daughter from a clunkily developed love interest. Accompanying the "couple" we have the traditional token black man as a hard-nosed security guard, with the nearby infinite clip for his firearm, and an incredibly wise businessman just looking out himself. Worst of all, however, unfortunately, is the introduction of the cast of Lordi as the creatures of the night that torment our wandering band of misfits, but not for them that appear as themselves. What makes a horror movie scary for the viewing public is to contextualize the fear. "The Shining" is scary because it is a member of your own family that you pawn, in "Dawn Of The Dead" is our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrational thought patterns that zombies possess, in "Alien" the fear is explained, the creature is rationalized and in "Dark Floors" there is none of this. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production to these monoliths of the genre but when you do it shows that it pales significantly and that the attackers feel nothing but Klingons demented where you can almost see the zip on the costumes they wear, without an accumulation of any atmosphere "Lordi" are not scary. <br /> <br /> It's exasperating because we all support the loser and hope they do well, you want smaller productions to give the chance to create the same quality of films as "Hollywood" churns out, very similar to George's A Romero, but not always materializes. I liked the movie and didn't feel like I had wasted the ninety minutes I had just spent, but I felt amused on a completely empty level as if nothing that had happened was important or unconsciously, emotionally or critically influenced. I felt that the almost Lynchian fiction was a strength, but it fades into nothingness. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Will they be able to repeat all this? Without even the slightest intuition about what will happen, the film is simply disconcerting for the sake of trying to be arty. Was the entire sequence of events real or was it simply a dream sequence? Did the autistic girl witness the 2006 Eurovision Song Contest and simply had a very bizarre nightmare because of the stress she was under? Who knows? And unfortunately I can't get the energy to work to worry about it. "Dark Floors" is an exasperating experience that, albeit ultimately, has limited potential and at least shows a plethora of creative energies from Mr Lordi, who perhaps should try to work alone to fully develop his ideas. It is something that fans of the group or the genre should perhaps pursue, but will leave you speechless for not having enough light on the situation.
