Well, on the credit side (if you can say you have one), Timothy Hines has managed to capture the original setting of the extraordinary novel by H.G. Wells. But other than that - well, to call things by their name - it sucks. What master Ed Wood could have done with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really does Mr. Wood, who is an imperfect genius anyway, he looks like the best director of all time. The special effects (I think you would call them that) are not up to the computer game standards. The acting is, well, perhaps for the comparable dinner theater, and the accents are atrocious. At the risk of sounding offensive, much of the acting of the main male characters is (especially Poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy chops and leaps onto the false English countryside, waving the white asbestos handkerchief as if it were a heat-resistant armor. Hey, the "Star Wars" Stormtroopers also had white armor, and it didn't work either, but they were still blown up. Even when Ogilvy and Company are fried by the "Heat Ray" (?) Martians jump and chop in some strange type of dance, even when they are theoretically DEAD and reduced to skeletons, which persist in improper dances and dances. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented the skeletons of Ray Harryhausen, staying with "Jason and the Argonauts". Or was it "Josie And The Pussycats"? I do not know. The soldiers, presumably because they are "military", seem to only explode in an unconvincing way, like the soldier with crutches and his unfortunate companions carrying the stretcher right behind him. Wow! I loved it! But the "soldiers" all looked like fascist troops of the Spanish Civil War, or Boeri Commands (which would have been more or less correct for that period. Perhaps it was a little clever sagacity on the part of that evil genius Hines?). Strangely, the character of the Curate appears exactly as if it were drawn in the original illustrations by Warwick Goble, and is also transformed into the most convincing acting work. Oh yeah. Don't forget the THUNDER CHILD. In the book, the warship is described as an armored torpedo. It was MEANT to RAM enemy ships. Still, the bow was crumpled after having rammed the Hammer War Machines built by Tinker-Toy, with a small jagged hole in the bow locker, and sank. An armored warship like THUNDERCHILD could ram the TITANIC and survive, but I imagine the Royal Navy was bound by the same constraints as the lowest bidder of our Military. The costumes are all wrong, especially the uniforms of the British army and the police, cobbled together mainly by USMC Alpha. And Timbo, in an obvious tribute to Western Films Of Yore, obviously set his film in the wild English western, because all his riders use western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mixture of some kind of regional Scottish accent used by Clan Macabre and magically delicious Irish accents from Malarky County. On the credit side, and contrary to what a reviewer has written, the only real and authentic feature of this thing is the artillery. The cannons do not come from the Civil War, but look to me and in the search like British 9 or 12 pound bona-fide shotguns, perfectly authentic for that period. Thus the ammunition shown was used. But the Gunner, who is a driver in the artillery on horseback, was not shown correctly driving his agitator. Do not sit on the trimmed box and drive a team of cannons, ride the wheel horses nearby. The opening, using what I believe is an authentic vintage film, is fine, and the score is not bad. However, as far as I know, Weybridge never had an underground, and certainly it wasn't in 1898. <br /> <br /> But growing up reading this novel, I'm very disappointed. Even more disappointed than I was then, I was at the trillion dollar version of Spielberg. Perhaps his version would have helped by exchanging Anthony Piana with Tom Cruise and vice versa. I still have a lot to say, but for now I let it go: I would like someone to make a GOOD version of "War Of The Worlds" true to the original. The vision of Timmy is fine for a film class in high school, or maybe I should say pretentiously stupid for a university-level film student, and how bad it is, which is the best I can say for this thing, but that's all. Oh yeah. Just where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I'd like to hear your comments! I have a vague suspicion that Timbo "Orson Wood", Hines' breathtaking and breathtaking cinematic masterpiece, may be the title of the director who takes the risk for celebrity celebrities, because, I have to admit the guilty pleasure of watching this film, which I don't I did however I pay anyway, but I was kindly sent by a friend who burned a copy of DVD for me, without any malicious intent that I was able to determine. I must add that I thought that the dubbed and abbreviated version of Blackmoon was not only a great improvement, but an absolute treat, hysterically funny (in a good way) to watch. I find it difficult to see the version of Master Timbo after Blackmoon. Keep it up, Tim! Create your version of "DUNE" now. Just wait for the hand of a master like you! And all you brats who hated Cloverfield? FORGET ABOUT IT. CAN'T DRINK TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS! HEY GET A LIFE! TIMBO IS WORSE BY MASTER AND WOOD! I DIDN'T TELL YOU!
