Lordi was a big clamor and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with a metal song (not so heavy) called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dressed in horrible monsters. But, let's face it, their victory probably had very little to do with their great musical talents. The Eurovision competition has gradually turned into a big political circus over the years and probably Lordi just won because their song finally made a small change and ?? even more important - because their entire act ingeniously deceived the entire annual event. The last absolute thing that Lordi's first (and hopefully last) horror film brings is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on the idea of ​​the main singer and played by the rest of the band in supporting roles, is an accumulation of clichés really devoid of imagination and despair. The immense budget ("Dark Floors" is presumably the most expensive Finnish film of all time) surely ensures macabre scenes and impressive art tricks, but what is the point where there is no story worth telling? ? The film takes it's place in a busy hospital where a group of people, including a father and his young daughter with an unidentifiable disease, get caught in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors reopen, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. Trying to reach the exit, the group stumbles on some morbid and inexplicable obstacles, like corpses without eyes, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters that emerge from the floors. The only three points I will deal with on "Dark Floors" are exclusively intended for the scenario and adequate tension during the first half of the film. As long as the sinister events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is rather disturbing, but as soon as you realize that the explanation will be a) being very stupid or b) never coming, the healthy only collapses like an unstable card house. Lordi's costumes have never been really scary to begin with (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans) and, in combination with a story more reminiscent of an Asian ghost-horror, they seem simply pathetic and misfits. With all the national myths and the locations of the truly unique outdoor shots, did I personally think that Finland was ?? The land of a thousand lakes ?? it would be the ideal breeding ground for potentially horrible horror stories, but I imagine this is another disillusionment about my account.
