A stylist trips over a cat and falls into a pool, hitting his head with something floating on the surface. With rather poor effects (this was a TV movie), she floats out of her body. He floats through a tunnel of rings of swirling orange smoke, and black and stiff figures appear in his point of view (they look like the mannequins in his apartment). I almost thought I was watching a Jess Franco movie ... While her friends revive her, a black arm grabs her by the wrist, and she has to struggle to break free. When she is revived, she remembers everything and has a bad bruise on her forearm. Shortly thereafter, she is almost hit by an out-of-control car that goes up the sidewalk behind her. On Halloween, he decides with his boyfriend to go to Mexico for a vacation. When she arrives there, she is surprised to discover that it is the day of the dead. They are annoyed by another American tourist who continues to follow them, and almost drowns them. <br /> <br /> The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who have had near-death experiences. They all experienced the tunnel, but not the black figures or the repeated loopholes close to death. One of them has and is very anxious. She is also encouraged to meet a psychic. <br /> <br /> A doctor talks about the people he calls "Walker" (the name of the novel he was based on). They are people who presumably died of a cause which, once examined, prove to have died of another cause. So it's like they keep walking after they die until they die again, but he blames her for bad records. <br /> <br /> I saw this on the 102 minute video, and I felt terribly long. I can't imagine that there is actually a 192 minute version! Perhaps if it were thought to be watched two or more nights on TV it would be better to look at it that way than in a single session. I have only read a novel by Gary Brandner, Floater, and if it is it is representative of his work, it is not the most original of writers. Floater had the common plot of: chosen the child kills people to take revenge. Even the variation was quite common: caught on a child dies and kills people after years to take revenge from beyond the grave. And in fact it has a point in common with this film, as the boy practices astral projection, and when he drowns he floats out of his body like here. I don't know how long From the Dead of Night has been following his novel Walkers. I understand that Howling's films don't bear much resemblance to his novels. <br /> <br /> It's a pretty slow movie, and special effects and cinematography are really held back by the budget (presumably) low and facts - TV shortcomings. There are many easily recognizable characteristic actors. It also looks very dated, as early as the mid-1980s. I found it boring. A much better low-budget film that covers similar topics that I don't think has dated so bad is Sole Survivor (1983) (probably the inspiration for the Final Destination films of the 2000s). Blow away from the dead of the night.
