I just lost three hours of my life for this parody, and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I had read the reviews and listened to the warnings, and thought I was prepared for anything - at best I thought, a faithful attempt (if wrong) for an original adaptation; in the worst case, a "Plan 9" so good for the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy on Walmart while I was in Florida and took it to the UK, I joked with my friends "Get ready for the worst movie ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. There is absolutely NOTHING to recommend this film. The "special" effects seem to be the work of a first-year design student who uses a Spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, the accents are PESSED than terrible (an artillery accent seems to take us on a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland), the dialogue is pungent, the editing is non-existent, the values ​​of production shows that no expense was spent. Words can't really describe how bad this film is; from the flag of the Union flying from the horrible CGI Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the white flag, NOT from the Union flag) to reciting the wild worm, this is simply a crime against the creation of films. When considering some of the movie fans literally at no cost that are available on the net (the Star Wars troops court "for example), the whole discussion" we're enthusiastic amateurs "goes right out the window. And if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this film has an 8-digit budget! I can only assume that shady facial hair is not cheap in the US Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a film of the book, rather than transforming the book into a film (if that makes sense). Characters and extras emit fragments of text to the letter without trying to convey the feelings behind the words Ironically, the ONLY person who has even come close to giving a decent performance "It was Darlene Sellers, the former soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne does not fail and go see Spielberg's version. It may not be true for the text of the book, but I can say this o; As a lifelong (and English) fan of HG Wells, Speilbergs' film is true to the spirit of the book. Maybe the customs were wrong to let me take this monster into the country, but I'll say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life, and I want them back.
