One of the weakest adventures of Carry On sees Sid James as the leader of a criminal gang that steals contraceptive pills. The fourth in the series is based on the hospital, it is perhaps the least important of its kind. There is a strangely flat feeling for everything, with everything apparently squandered on the under-par material. This is far from the nadir of the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. they are all class artists but do not have the support of a screenplay equal to their ability. <br /> <br /> Most gags are onrunning, rather than episodic like general Carry Ons. In this way, instead of the traditional "hit and miss ratio", if you don't find the joke funny, first of all you get stuck for most of the movie. These continuous plot threads include Williams ?? for no good reason ?? worrying that he's changing sex, and Kenneth Cope dragging. Like the practical cadences, the whole thing seems more invented than in other films, and has no interest in the cast. Continuing on this theme, Matron lacks the usual format of pun and allusions, largely opting for the characterization and consequences to provide humor. Indeed, the somewhat childish series of misunderstandings and forced circumstances recalled another of Terry and June ... so it is appropriate that Terry Scott is present, futilely attacking everything. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have some of the old magic, like this between Scott and Cope: "How about a drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touch it." "Oh, cigarette then?" "No, I never touch them." "That leaves only one thing to offer you." "I never even touched him." Having said that, while he is a funny man in his own right (livening up the most boring episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (Endless) without end), one feels that Cope is not attracted enough by the self-parody of Carry On idealism and that Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse it would be much more fun. This actually happens, in part, even if only in the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams tries to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey hides in a wardrobe is pure farce in the drawer room, but the irony to take out is missing. That being said, Williams's description of prenuptial relationships is priceless: "You don't go into the store and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself from a small strip and try it first!" "It could be like this," Jacques said, "but you don't want to stick to the wall." Williams really comes to life in his scenes with Hattie, and you'll never get bored of hearing a tin whistle every time someone accidentally slams his underwear. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is not a bad movie by any means, just an overwhelming bog standard.
