I saw this film version of R. Blackmore's classic novel as a substitute until the 2001 A & E version was released on video. And what a poor replacement it turned out to be !!!! <br /> <br /> This version does not look authentic, I feel like I'm in the movie A & E. The actors are, for the most part, made of wood (with Sean Bean the exception) and the " romanticism "seems forced and forced. In fact, there are no kisses until the end of the film !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whichever you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or expanded. We don't have much information on Carver here, or why he has some (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film features many of the key and interesting characters in the novel, such as Counselor Doone, and John's sharpest sister, Lizzie, who were key to the plot. The script itself is unconvincing. Even the political intrigue does not appear in the script. The way Lorna was born with the Doones is not true to the original story. Now, don't get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (he looks at Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation) but he runs into a bland and stoic and long-haired (he may have been a bad wig) only he doesn't well !!!! Polly Walker is an adorable and successful actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also starred with Sean Bean), but appears colorless and lackluster. He has a cold sore lip that the make-up can't hide, and the costumes don't seem authentic. The late Robert Stephens makes a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone, though he refers only to Lorna as his favorite rather than to his granddaughter, whom she was renowned in the book. Also, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's the trick) and the scenery is brown, cold, gray and sterile, without a hint of sunny sky. I understand it's set in the south-west of England, but it's green there and they sunbathe !!! The portrait of the character of Tom Faggus and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, further depresses the film. The only positive note is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Although he doesn't even come close to the portrait of Aidan Gillen in the film A & E, Bean is a bad villain. In short, look at this only if you have a few hours to kill, but don't expect anything exciting or loyal to the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend the A & E movie) on this tired adaptation.
