I have to admit I didn't have high expectations for "Corky Romano". But then again, who was it? However, I felt that he deserved the benefit of the doubt. I didn't even have great hopes for "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy starring a SNL cast member - and I was pleasantly surprised in the end. But this film is as bad as it looks in previews. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comedian - contrary to what one might think after watching this film - with great energy. He's been on many fun SNL sketches and I think he's one of SNL's most talented cast members. In this case, he has a lame and useless script and tries to remedy every scene with his incessant aggression. In every scene, Jerry Lewis attempts a lame act and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to pull off this kind of physical comedy, not to mention that he worked with much better writing. Kattan simply looks like an ignorant fool with ADHD who has too many Cafe Lattes. He doesn't even wait for the final punch; assumes we will all laugh once we start jumping like a monkey on a crack. In one scene, he ends up in a shooting game with a dog that has a packet of cocaine in its mouth. The package explodes and cocaine splashes on him. Return to work, put the coca-cola. Now, how are we supposed to laugh at the fact that he's acting in an hyperactive and on-edge way, when he's doing the same thing for the whole movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is very sexy, Peter Berg is wasted on an ungrateful role and even Chris Penn. Even Peter Falk is wasted, although he has some funny lines that I'm pretty sure he improvised. I hope Falk can get a decent movie soon. That's too much talent too wasteful on a clunker like "Corky Romano". I didn't like the last Falk film "Made" either, but at least it had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I giggled a couple of times, but couldn't get a single laugh. Each gag is performed without any sense of time or delivery. And it's worsened by Kattan's acting. And there are some gags that are overwhelmingly dragged out. For example, when Kattan is going to fart in the faces of his two brothers. It stays there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out of a fart and when it does it is a bit tiny. It's bad enough when you have a gag that is fun and you drag it out, but when you have a lame gag and drag it out it's much worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what those two Asian men are saying during a drug bust. I can go on and on about what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I won't waste time. As I said before, if you predicted bad things from the trailers, you well anticipated. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
