Why is this movie so ugly? Well, if being so stupidly annoying and a little funny is a reason, then this is the movie. The character of Corky Romano is somewhat unlikely and even exasperating at worst. Gags are predictable but not what makes them bad. They are a kind of predictable jokes that your non friend friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is about a mild vet trying to do well, but he is so clumsy. His quiet life is thrown for a ride when the family that once rejected him now needs him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy every trace of the family's criminal history. However, for Corky it is not so easy because the FBI believes he is a super agent and engages him with the task of spying on his own family. The setbacks and chaos arise, but in reality there does not seem to be any comic hijix. Corky ends up falling in love with his beautiful FBI partner and must make things clear both with the FBI and his family, if he wants to settle down again into a quiet life. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie Irritating is both the main actor and the alleged lines. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limits and actor here as his slapstick routine a flattened note about 10 minutes into the film. It's okay to have a whole movie based solely on idiotic humor. Will Ferrel, Kattan's SNL partner, seems to have made a full career. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to scale it down and rely on other ways of telling a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Kattan's routine. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for an entire movie it's pure torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem with the film was the lack of really original and FUN jokes. The gay brother of the Mafia, the embarrassing sch-tick and many other forgotten jokes don't look as funny as the first time you barely laughed at it. It seems as if the writers had more fun writing what everyone had looked at. Even with a cast that has some comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk) the lines that start are tired. There is also no chemistry. This film was obviously one for the paperbacks for the actors. No body seemed to care, or even try. The sad thing is that no body told Chris Kattan.
