Although I had heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film of the decade, I watched it giving it a chance; After all, the director / producer / screenwriter Alexandre Stockler managed to make his debut film (shot on video) for only 4,000 US dollars and - even if it seems even cheaper - I can't start imagining everything he went through having finally exhibited it in theaters without big sponsors or production companies behind it (then, as I watched it, I understood why). But whatever chance you are willing to give to "Cama de Gato", they will be reduced to zero in 10 minutes: it is an incredibly absurd, long-winded, ideologically fanatic and technically catastrophic attempt to portray young Brazilians of the upper middle class as a bunch of spoiled neo-Nazis stick to bad sex, drugs and violence (and are made to look like gay men too), made without a visible trace of talent, imagination, competence or notion of structure. Visually and acoustically, remember the worst amateur stuff you can find on YouTube - only here lasts NINETY DUE (count'em) minutes of incessant hysteria and awkwardness, and it's not even fun-ugly. <br /> <br /> We have all seen the story before: bored young boys want to have fun, party, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there are gang rapes, spankings, murders, accidental death (falling down the stairs !! ) of the mother of one of the boys, which culminates with the boys who decide to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a garbage dump. Moral and literal garbage, understand? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (in particular "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - albeit moralists and sexploitatives - are high-class masterpieces compared to this shit. <br /> <br /> I don't think there was ever such a monomaniacal impulse in a filmmaker to put his ideas into the throat of the public: Stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his moralism without ceasing into our brains with repetition and exhaustion - you get numbed by so much muttering, screaming, inept direction, trembling camera and terrible acting going on. Stockler doesn't care a little about the technique (the quality of the images, the framing, the sound recording, the songs on the soundtrack, the dialogues, the sets, the editing, etc. It is uniformly scary), but it is a maniac of narcissistic control: it anticipates the criticisms it has linked to obtain by adding the subtitles with the comments smartie / cutie and making the protagonists comment at a certain point how unlikely and fake all this is (I could refer to QUELLO). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he cannot even decide whether he wants a gritty realism (portable video camera etc.) or a stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternative takes, etc.). Damn, he can't even decide where to put his camera (there's the use of the subjective camera for the three cables)! The dialogue presents the most astonishingly banal verbosity ever; the plot simply exists to justify the director's deep hatred of his characters and what they represent. All you see is that a director is hateful, preacher, condescending, moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to do so. <br /> <br /> It is very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Undoubtedly one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, with his sleepy puppy eyes and the emotional aspect that often reminds of Sal Mineo, Blat can be very effective under a good direction (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica "," Proibido Proibir "). Here, he is told to exaggerate and has to play with some of the most embarrassing "actors" under the watchful eye in recent memory. It also enters the risky realm of the sexploitation graphic scenes (so it seems to be a bit like a porn web-cam). <br /> <br /> The film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" young people (?) Of the middle class - Stockler wants us to take those interviews as "proof" of what he is trying to preach in fiction. But he shamelessly believes and mocks his interviewees, selecting a salient point for abject, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only show assholes exist everywhere). Stockler wants to show that the young middle-class Brazilians are ALL present or future fascists because they are bourgeois and enjoy recreational drugs (are you saying that all neo-fascists are drug addicts? Or that the drug is potentially fascist? I say it ). <br /> <br /> With his dogmatic hypocrisy, the technique that leads to headaches and extravagant boredom, "Cama de Gato" is bad for a thousand reasons but, above all, it is harmful in a very insidious way: it gives the detractors of Brazilian cinema a powerful topic for discussion. "Cama de Gato" is the best not recited, not mentioned, buried and forgotten.
