A careful review of Nuremberg must consider the door of the story inadvertently opened with the movie "valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that there was a German resistance during World War II organized professionally with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to throw the Nazi political regime, install a new chancellor, obtain peace and close the concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes received no help from the allies who helped the French resistance right next door. The writers of history have used an institutionalized agenda since then to hide an evil ally that cost many tens of millions of lives with all conditioned to believe in a deception that the German people completely supported the Nazis and consequently deserved the genocide of 24 hours and the "unconditional surrender". which was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The codes of the German enigma were broken by English scientists in 1943, so much of what the Germans were doing was known. In 1943 the Germans developed new fighters and jet bombers by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis had been eliminated and the German resistance had succeeded, the Allies would not have allowed any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-guided missiles without the United States had them before! This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. As a result, the German resistance did not get any help from the allies although they always had a crucial intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup of 20 July 1944 is proof that there have been significant efforts by the Germans to obtain peace. Instead, the Germans got ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and saturation bombing in 24 hours in an agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans and contain complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender". It was an allied premeditated agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour attack but it took a year after the d-day before the Allied armies advanced in Germany to steal the greatest technology and scientists in the world of a gun. However, tens of millions of people had died since the allies abandoned the German resistance because of their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed "unconditional surrender" on the Germans as a pretext to complete the ownership and control of the German property and government and they did so without using the German resistance to overthrow the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve global technological supremacy. As a result, everything else took a back seat to the evil Allied program that killed millions of Germans in the 24-hour attack; the concentration camps remained open; the war was prolonged and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial conquests, technology and scientists taken by the Germans in the Second World War. The 1946 war crimes trials in Nuremberg were publicized in the deception of relations and mass murder perpetrated by the Allies as retrospective justice to the Nazis. It was a smokescreen to hide the evil and greedy Allied program for world technological supremacy rather than help the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people have died because the allies abandoned German resistance to an agenda but still inflicted punishment on German heads of state who paid war crimes with their lives of Nuremberg or not, although the allies have perpetrated the genocide to achieve world technological supremacy.
