That word 'True' in the title of this film made the alarm bell ring. They rang louder when a business card referred to the American Civil War as the "War between States" (the circumlocution preferred by die-hard Earthmen). Jesse James - thief, slave and murderess - is described as a quiet and gentle country boy. <br /> <br /> How dishonest is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, much less of the documented fact that Jesse James' poor mother owned slaves before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank actively fought to preserve slavery. According to this film, all the soldiers of the Civil War fought to decide whether Missouri was a northern or southern state ... that's EVERYTHING. (Missouri: it's a mint candy! It's a fresh mint!) The blacks are completely absent from this film, except for two glimpses of a couple of beggars, one of whom wears a "HELP THE POOR" sign which is very unlikely instead of handwritten. (Some shots of 19th-century newspapers are also inaccurate, with 20th century typefaces.) <br /> <br /> This film has a strange flashback structure. There are some amazing stunts (and some beautiful acrobatic horses) and excellent editing. I tasted a line of dialogue: "Some of those kids never taste beans again." The film gets some straight facts: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right arm in the scenes following the raid by Pinkerton's agents (here called 'Remington') in which Jesse James's mother suffered injuries that required amputation of his lower arm. Some mistakes here are forgivable: during his open-mouthed days, the real Jesse James accidentally fired part of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) has no weakness. I saw a picture of Jesse James's real wife; if it had looked like the charming half of Hope Lange in this film, Jesse James may have stayed home more. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of revisionism here, and most of the male actors wear the hairstyles of the fifties. But many of the errors in this film were avoidable. Jesse James's mentor, William Quantrill, is mentioned several times, but all the actors mispronounced his name. We see Jesse and his wife move into an elaborate two-story house (where he will soon die) after paying a rent of $ 18. Actually, the last residence of Jesse James (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri ) was a simple one-story cottage, rented for $ 14. There was no upper floor ... so when Jesse James is killed, his wife can't come running upstairs like Hope Lange does here. (Actually it was in the kitchen.) <br /> <br /> An error of continuity: Robert Wagner (without a stunt double) does an impressive job of taking a snail to the jaw and falling while his hands are tied behind his back. .. but when he gets up, the rope that binds his wrists is gone. <br /> <br /> The script makes some strange and superfluous juggling of dates. After the robbery attempt at Northfield, Jesse says he expects to come home from his birthday. The current incursion into the Northfield bank by the James Gang (7 September 1876) was two days AFTER Jesse James's birthday. (Perhaps it meant next year's birthday.) Later, we see Jesse and his wife entering their St. Joseph's house on a beautiful summer day, while Jesse tells her what she plans to do when Christmas Eve arrives ... but in real life, the spouses Jesse James moved to that house on December 24, 1881 ... so this scene should * BE * on Christmas Eve! These errors were entirely avoidable. <br /> <br /> Some of the fictions make no sense here. According to this film, the Northfield bank's incursion failed because one (fictitious) henchman was late in cutting the telegraph wires. If this had really happened, it would certainly have hindered James Gang's escape ... but it would not have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> <br /> There are good performances here from Jeffrey Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (like Cole Younger) and theater actress Marian Seldes in a rare film role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, normally an undervalued actor. Elsewhere, Wagner demonstrated his impressive range by convincingly interpreting heroes, villains, and morally ambiguous characters. Here, he can't decide whether to paint Jesse James as a good or a bad guy ... so he doesn't care much. John Carradine phones in his performance in a short role as a fake preacher of jackleg baptizing Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in his childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a completion. Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was also Robin Hood, but that's another story.) There isn't a single documented instance of Jesse James having ever shared his booty with someone outside his own family. After some of his robberies, he didn't even split the swag with the rest of his gang. In this film, Jesse is shot to death immediately after promising to give up his bandit ways forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole the horses that Jesse planned to use the next day in a robbery at the Platte City bank. As a preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local peasants ... the same poor people who (in inaccurate legends) were presumably the beneficiaries of his generosity. I made a scene in a scene here, in which the imaginary Jesse James is so refined for the greedy that it disapproves of an oil painting that represents with taste the nudes. <br /> <br /> 'The True (not much!) Story of Jesse James' is intentionally dishonest about a killer thief, and likewise dishonest about the Civil War. For the impressive stunt work, good editing and a few acting laps, I will evaluate this film obscenely dishonest 2 out of 10 points.
