"The Real Story of Jesse James" (1957) by Fox is an incredibly poor widescreen remake of their prestigious 1939 Tyrone Power / Henry Fonda classic "Jesse James". I'm not sure where the blame is, but the casting in this version of the two central characters, Nicholas Ray's erratic direction and crazy script must surely have something to do with it. <br /> <br /> In the late thirties and forties Tyrone Power was Fox's first man, but in the fifties his star began to fall and the studio chief, Darryl Zanuck, began to rule the newcomer Robert Wagner to take his place. This was a big mistake on Zanuck's part as Wagner proved to be a less than adequate replacement. With the possible exceptions of "Broken Lance" (1954) and "Between Heaven & Hell" (1956) it is difficult to think of Wagner who stands out in something! In addition, Jeffrey Hunter was nothing but a Fox contractor before he was assigned to play Frank James with Wagner's Jesse in "The True Story of Jesse James". Borrowed from the studio the previous year, the only hallmark of this actor was his excellent and revealing interpretation in the classic John Ford film "The Searchers". But his way of playing here, along with Wagner in the second part of the James Brothers, is nothing short of boring. No player brings personality or color to their respective roles. They completely lack the brand, lacking the charisma and charm so vividly shown by Power and Fonda in the original. The film is also marked by too many flashbacks and with the screenplay of the whole world Wagner, like Robin Hood of the American West, looks like an introverted twit without charm that you can't feel empathy for any reason. The supporting cast is not worth mentioning, but it's a shame to see such a great actress as Agnes Moorhead who has just seen Ma James. <br /> <br /> The best aspects of this introverted western is the wonderful Cinemascope / Color film of the great Joe McDonald and the excellent soundtrack of the underrated and little-known composer Leigh Harline!
