Before giving Spike Lee a deserved mess in a SUMMER OF SAM movie, I'd like to make one thing clear. I do not insult this film simply because of its abundance of unpleasant and unpleasant images. What makes this film so unwatchable is the fact that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's crime films are full of violence, obscenities and other lies, but they are still highly observable because Tarantino does not try to pass these films as works of art that they collect socially. He knows these movies are just for fun. On the other hand, serious dramas like SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHEDLER LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but the unpleasantness serves to develop the plot and characters of the film, with the ultimate goal of emotionally engaging the audience with the story and characters on the screen . SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, limits itself to wallowing in its sensationalism and its madness, believing that it serves as a social commentary, just like the other trash epics. <br /> <br /> SAM'S SUMMER is not a serious drama because its characters are just stereotypes of cardboard cutout. The plot wants to show the emotional impact of the hysteria on the murders of the Son of Sam on the residents of the North Bronx neighborhood, mainly Italian-American, where the murders occurred. However, instead of presenting the locals as a heterogeneous mix of personalities, Lee simply shifts out every conceivable negative Italian stereotype. Men are ignorant, lazy, oversexed goombahs. Women are divided between weak and complacent "good girls" (Mira Sorvino's Dionna) and promiscuous "bad girls" (Jennifer Esposito's Ruby). Lee seems to take revenge willingly to "repay" Hollywood for his years of negative African American stereotypes, bringing out the stereotypes of his own, and few critics seem to worry. If Martin Scorsese, for example, had presented the inhabitants of an African-American neighborhood with a group of stereotypes of Amos' n Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would rightly condemn these blatant stereotypes. More importantly, one-dimensional and stereotypical characters undermine any film that attempts to be a serious social commentary. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the cast of SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, the acting, for the most part, is not inspired. The cast is following the movements, or have little to work with scriptwise. Furthermore, there is considerable miscasting. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but his Vinny character seems to be a stale and comic comedy by John Travolta's Tony Manero from SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a perennial "good boy" actor, is very misplaced as the serial killer David Berkowitz, finding himself funny as not terrifying. The only performance that deserves attention is Adrien Brody as the misfit, but sincere, misfit of the Ritchie neighborhood. Brody's performance and Lee's typical photography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
