After hearing the word of mouth about how bad this movie is, I took the big step and bought the DVD. That said, everything that was mentioned earlier on this film is true. For a film that claimed to have a budget of millions that does not appear on the screen at all. The list of problems with the film could go on forever. The main one among them is that the film is simply too long. He dragged for a few minutes less than 3 hours. Almost an hour probably could have been cut off from execution time if the publisher had simply removed the overabundance of scenes that deal only with the main character wandering aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Secondly, as many have pointed out from the "trailers", the special effects are anything but special. The tripods looked OK in some shots here and there, but beyond all that it was quality from the 70s or 1980s. Probably the worst effects of all were horses, which stumbled stiffly back and forth as they moved. The effects of the heat beam were ridiculous, as people were reduced to the bones that somehow were still able to shake without muscles. Also pitiful was the sequence of the Thunderchilds, in which the Thunderchild, described in the book as an armored ram, seemed nothing of the kind. Instead it resembled a destroyer of the World War I era, complete with bridge guns (which fired but had no visible crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were just as negative as the effects. The most laughable thing of all was a scene in which the main character and his wife go for a night walk and he points to Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the view of the characters and the landscape around them is full of light. There is also a clear demarcation between the real landscape, bathed in sunlight, and the false black night sky with too large blurred stars. To diminish further, the color of the scenes made no sense. In some they are bathed in orange light. In others the green light. In others it is blue light. In some cases the exterior is illuminated in orange but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The frame rate and the camera are very shaky, giving everything a stuttering look. <br /> <br /> Finally, acting is on the whole comparable. A man portrays two characters whose only difference is that they had no mustache. This led to some confusion sometimes about who was who and where everyone was. British accents, even to American ears, are scandalous. <br /> <br /> In summary, this film could very well claim to be the worst movie released in recent times. I haven't seen Gigli or some of the latest recent flops, but this, due to its poor quality in every respect, must easily be worse than anything that mainstream Hollywood has put out. I would not be surprised if the film reached 10 or 20 in the IMDb ranking. Too bad the Mystery Science Theater is not yet in circulation.
