*WARNING. IT MAY BE SPOILERS IN ADVANCE IF YOU PREFER. * <br /> <br /> Ok, the basic premise of this home-born Texan film is: College boys + spookhouse + book of evil magic = scary stuff. In practice, it means a lot of time looking at the time to see how long this movie will drag on. A group of boys of the brotherhood, together with girls and assorted volunteers, is setting up a house haunted by charity. The project is chaired by a completely repulsive character, whose main purpose seems to be to verbally and physically attack as many cast members as possible. I had trouble believing that someone would even try to work with this person for whatever reason: he is nothing but rude and insulting to everyone, including his girlfriend and his friend. Regardless, the children are visited by the local character and by the annual pumpkin sample "Pumpkin Jack", an old coot that is described as "Santa Claus of Halloween", and that drops a load of props for the home , including a disturbing book that featured prominently in the prologue irritated by the flash of a strobe (where a pack of dressed scholars is turned into frying). Needless to say, some damn fools start messing with the book, and eventually most costumed monsters turn into real ones, and the rest of normal people must try to survive. There are some good things in this film, but not much: everything is turned out well, and the effects of makeup are decent. On the other hand, artists submit or act drastically; much of the plot makes little sense outside of a series of "this happens so it can happen"; there is almost no musical score to speak of, only fragments of songs throughout the film; and the film takes an hour to get anywhere. The last problem is the most eloquent: two thirds of the 90 minutes of execution are used to repeatedly set the characters. Tom is a good guy who goes out with Heidi, the control freak, but he used to hang out with Jill, who now goes out with Dan the jerk, but he started a relationship with Kira, the girl wearing too many shawls / capes. Dan is a big jerk, Gary likes to make jokes and Steve & Lily like to have a lot of sex. Things that could easily be dealt with in 20 minutes or so drag back and forth, to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calm down, it's pretty docile) left me looking for the fast forward button. This leaves us with half an hour of low calorie fright, a klunky ending and a profound aversion of Ol Pumpkin Jack, who blames the whole casino. Unless you can get this kind of rent at a deep discount (and you've really seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
