In this "sequel" Bruce is still called Billy Lo (understand? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No?) But other than that, that's all he has in common with the other movie. Billy doesn't look like an actor anymore. It seems to be in another country. It's more like a spy. He is the only cast member to come back and, unfortunately, they kill him to make way for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film practically dies with him. This was extremely badly done. They seemed to be writing the script while they were shooting. The movie works for a while (it's not too obvious at first) but soon Bruce is always shown in the dark all the time (he pulls out a light at one stage for no other apparent reason to hide the fact that Bruce isn't plays part). Unfortunately when the film dies it changes. I can't help but wonder if they were filming while they were writing and could have planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it wouldn't have been plausible since Bobby didn't appear until Billy died. It is difficult to change the main character halfway through the film and Bruce is a difficult act to follow, so it is difficult now to accept Bobby as the protagonist. Bruce is never seen in this film again. I think they should have made this sequel without Bruce having a lame role in this movie. People hoping to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed to see that, although they have achieved the best position, they only have a leading role. Even the worst movies have at least one bit memorable. If there's a bit of this movie that people seem to be talking about, it's the scene where Billy fights in a nursery. Ironically, he doesn't even use Bruce Lee's footage. Mind you, they did it more convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other actors here has ever done anything else memorable. Bruce's (Colleen Camp) girlfriend is never mentioned. My advice is to turn it off as soon as Bruce has finished writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the film deserves to be seen. I found it really sad to see Bruce die. I don't see how a small movie like this can get enough money to use the Enter The Dragon movie. It was a cheap way to try to cash in on Bruce's name. Strangely, this and the original are credited in Bruce's filmography. Fortunately, so far, no one has ever experienced anything like this. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last film appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately this is proof that Bruce's film career should be left alone.
