Is it possible to give a NO STARS movie? I don't think so. However many IMDb stars show this I only think of zero and you will have my direction. The director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have a limited budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean effort with the same material (it is said to be the most expensive film ever made), but it must not be an insurmountable handicap. I saw a wonderful work done on a counter-time ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to achieve a faithful interpretation of Wells' novel - and a small part of what was spent by Dreamworks in his "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines has failed in all these departments. Even though he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise had signed for the lead role, his film would have been as bad as this poultry that imposed us. <br /> <br /> First, Hines seems unable to tell a story. Thanks to digital video technology it is able to record images and sounds, but shows little aptitude for the assembly of a narrative with what it records. A boy walks along a country road, a lot. He speaks badly scimito Received English to another boy. Then he walks down the same lane, this time just shooting from the back to show he's coming back - smart, huh? Walking and talking for almost an hour is all that happens. OK, I'll allow a prolonged hike from the main character's house to the impact site on Horsell Common to prove it's a considerable distance from one place to another might be useful (a student from the first year movie could make a storyboard more economic) and more aesthetic establish sequence of this, btw), but a half dozen times? Back and forth, back and forth, etc., etc. with some yakkity-yaks in the middle. Remarkable. The only explanation for this surplus of redundancy, in addition to the total artistic ineptitude, is the desire to fill thirty minutes of works of the amateur caliber in something that could be offered as a feature film. Finally Martian combat machines appear and walking and talking become running and talking or screaming. Later we become disconcerting and complain about dessert. Fortunately, much of the dialogue is raised directly from the text of H.G. Wells; otherwise we would have no idea what is happening. But isn't the whole point of cinema that illuminates a text, to understand which words alone cannot transmit? If a film relies on dialogues or monologues to tell us what we see or how to try, why bother? Why not play a radio? Orson Welles has made himself a household name doing just that. However, Hines thinks he is a director, so he is happy to put words in his mouth and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines was able to buy some CG effects of a kind for his film, but he has no idea how to use them. Now I for one have no inextinguishable sweet tooth for sweet eyes. I believe that good science fiction cinema does not need dazzling technical effects. Some really powerful Sci-Fi have flourished on virtually anyone. But "War of the Worlds" as a film requires some basic effort. Wells tells a story based on things that can be seen and heard and even smelled. The effects must not be complex; they can even be rough (for example, wires fighting machines that slide on miniature roads as seen in the 1953 George Pal / Byron Haskins version), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately the effects of Hines are both rough and incompetent ?? the tripod combat machines higher than a cathedral spire move noisily making a noise like a pogo stick bouncing off the linoleum ?? Martian squidoids, even if oppressed by four times the gravity of their native world, move furiously and move without perceptible effort ?? skeletons totally stripped of flesh and muscles contort and scream - the same damn pony and buggy greenscreens makes its way to the foreground a dozen times (turned to the left by the right every now and then in the hope that it can't be noticed) ?? and to nausea. The raw technique is forgivable. So do you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Well, we can get around it. Just don't use it too often and it only shows glimpses of it. That sequence of trampled women looks more like a crushed plum? Throw it away. It is not necessary. Do you say your Martian flyer looks like a toy on a string? If you have to use it, go ahead, but please don't show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst looking things used again and again. I have to get those 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> <br /> Then we acted, or more precisely too much acting. Whether in the role of a speaker or simply paid to die in a queue, everyone in this film plays his little heart. Evidently Hines thinks he's making a deal - Others run away terrified over there! You, trembling behind that tree, have a true connotation suitable for this income. Do you call him writhing in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can write better - Nevertheless the cast as a whole and individually stinks. They are not even good amateurs. But this should not prove fatal. Many good films have been made with rancid acting. Here's what the directors are for. And the publishers. Which brings another point ?? Who the hell allowed Tim Hines to modify this dairy? If American butchers were good at cutting meat while Hines cut the film, your next burger would be all right and meatless. Despite the running time of almost three hours there are many things missing in this film - not sequences but individual frames, creating an erotic jerky effect that is sickening to watch. Perhaps Hines' intention was to simulate the effect of a hand crank camera of 1890. If it were, I can say he doesn't know how to do it.
