I would like to start by saying that I am NOT a fan of anime (with some notable exceptions), and I generally have a poor opinion of the so-called otakus, as they are so in love with their particular brand of cartooning that they label every film starring characters from the angular and with eyes as big as a work of art without even considering other more vital factors, such as the plot. And no anime movie best represents this division between otakus and people with a real taste of this elegant piece of junk, Fatal Fury: the movie. <br /> <br /> Seen through the glassy and dark eyes of an otaku, there is little to be found in Fatal Fury - there is a bizarre Japanese-y humor, duels one on one, some moments " dramatic "and everything is beautifully designed. But all the others will be deactivated by the predictable, predictable plot, with predictable characters and clichés, which will culminate in a predictable and predictable ending. The love scenes are exaggeratedly exaggerated - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is obviously destined to be a tender moment, but it is virtually impossible not to be thrown into a spiral of dizzy laughter at its ridiculous size. And, of course, Fatal Fury does not have the obligatory T & A comic - this is provided for free by the Mai Shiranui capital letter. And since Fatal Fury IS is based on the video game series with the same name (oh boy), we are treated with numerous useless cameo appearances by popular characters with little or no relevance to the plot of any kind (they go through all the problems of the Kim introduction soon, only for him to disappear from the film totally after that point). This chaos of a film reaches its climax with the final battle, involuntarily farcical, in which all the main characters engage the all-powerful main villain in combat one on one in turn. This is something that has always amused me ... even when anime battles do NOT take place in a tournament, they always happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes absolutely no sense! <br /> <br /> Otakus is always excited about how anime movies should be treated as MOVIES rather than just cartoons, and a disturbing part of those same people love Fatal Fury. So Fatal Fury would have been good if it wasn't an anime? The answer is an emphatic "no": all the charm of this film, the little that exists, lies in the real drawings. If Fatal Fury hadn't been an anime, it would have been worthy of an episode of the Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show was still on the air. This is the key - this is nothing but a ridiculously bad b-movie as an anime epic. If you are a fan of movies so bad that you are really funny, consider renting Fatal Fury (or taking it on the Sci-Fi channel), as it is definitely one of those. If you are an otaku, please WAKE UP and realize that a good 90% of the things you are looking at are garbage. Like all the others, buy Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but don't even think about seeing this movie.
