Sometimes rice in the middle of a horror movie is a sign of its greatness. I remember the nervous laughter of the public in the reprint of The Excorcist ?? really nervous laughter. It's punctuated by how scared we all were looking at Satan's voice coming out of a 12-year-old girl. In the case of the 2006 remake of the cult classic The Wicker Man, it made me think that this new Wickerman is as scary as the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, the friendly monster of the forest with Patrick Duffy on TV for a leg and a stem celery for an arm whose favorite hobby is to weave wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> 3 years ago a friend of mine from Hollywood told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage would do a remake of the film. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) got mad at me by giving Nicolas Cage around as a great actor. I didn't think he could do it and unfortunately for the spectators I was right. Andata is the reality, the exceptional original music, the originality, the gruesome and the extraordinarily powerful dialogue. Instead we have clichés of horror movies, influenced acting and plot changes that bring down any credibility. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes we've been flooded of lately, it looks like we're watching the 4th pupils in a playground "playing Wickerman". <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island where a Scots police officer is drawn there to find a missing girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new spin a California policeman (Cage) is lured from an island on the coast of Washington state by his ex-girlfriend to find his missing daughter. Send a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a little girl who tried to save in a fire accident not long ago. The incident haunts him in part because the girl's body was never found. Yet even after receiving a letter with his photo, that connection is completely set aside as he heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He arrives to find an island full of actors who pretend to be the descendants of the Wiccan, many of whom seem not to receive calls for roles in The Village. And like The Village, it doesn't take long before you realize that there is nothing to fear here. Not even the blind blind sisters who speak in unison. <br /> <br /> I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make large sums of money on a film often translates into big expenses for the art. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies these days, loses touch with the magic that the film can have when it gets to the point where it has a personal chef on the set who prepares its snacks. We needed a bad reworking of the Wickerman as if we needed another "9-11" movie. I'm starting to wonder if Nicolas changed his surname from Coppola because he wanted or because he was pleaded to do it.
