All the others who have commented negatively on this film have done an excellent analysis on why this film is so damn terrible. I wasn't going to comment, but the film really bothered me so much, and the writer / director in particular. So I have to throw the hat to join the opponents. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and really loved the cornucopia of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. That being said, I am not part of the crowd that thinks we shouldn't do remakes of great films. For example, I liked the original "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" from the 1950s, but I still liked the 1978 remake. Both films can stand alone. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as lively as it looks compared to today's standards, has a lot to be proud of in the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror film of all time). So that small minority of people who like to recreate "The Wicker Man" can't accuse me of dissecting this piece of shit just because it's a re-make. <br /> <br /> This film solidified for me the sexism of Neil LaBute and misogynist tendencies. It also made me think of how the managers, wanting to create a serious thriller, promote the green light of such an anti-feminine product. There are too many Cage scenes that affect women just because he is frustrated with them by hindering his investigation into a missing girl. Would he have reacted this way off the island in other cases where suspicions are not forthcoming? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a religion based on the Goddess. The threat to the main character came from everyone, male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. It was a bit heavy and comfortable ("The drone must die!"), Especially when Cage's character has bee allergies. I kept wondering why the men on the island didn't react and used the simple physicality to prevent these women from treating them like grunts. These weren't women with special supernatural powers, and half of them looked pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the girls rest and thin scruffy blondes, so if men really wanted to escape they could do what men do when they hate women. Physically dominates them. There seemed to be no guns or weapons beyond the cutting tools to keep them if they were unhappy. But if they were satisfied with drones, why make them unable to speak? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society run by women would leave castrated men. (That movie has already been made. "Le Stepford Wives" someone?) The classic symptoms of men who are afraid of what might happen if women get together and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the female society that hates the man is that it makes the movie unattractive and creates involuntary humor when Cage starts throwing women out. I believe LaBute should have left society in an egalitarian state, maintaining sexuality and uninhibited lechery and pushing hardships towards the children of that island. Nobody likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So how would a cop react if he saw obscene acts made by adults with children around? There would be a logical mental leap that these children are abused, therefore, an urgency created to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute claimed to have created the common thread of his girlfriend and daughter to give Cage's character an incentive to research. I don't think you need it. Any abused child will make an adult react to save them. The irony, of course, would be that the child Cage "saves" eventually leads to death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was forced and engaging. The whole third act was fun. I saw the audience with a laugh (and then whistled at the end). I just thought that the film was started incorrectly when the letter arrived written with elaborate calligraphy and all the flashbacks inserted to show how hurt Cage is. We don't need it. Just show him that he comes to the island for an investigation of a missing child. Most of us in America saw "Law & Order" and other court proceedings. We enter the film as if we were Cage's companion to solve a mystery. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, follow the head pictures that speak for people who love your dramas and their anguished gestures. Stay with your company of men. Leave thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here's your honey jar. I will watch it.
