I'm currently sitting here, forcing myself to finish this. I guess I blew 6 buxes on the VHS, I might even suffer for it. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago doing an internet search for "War of the Worlds", due to rumors from Spielberg's film at the time, and I missed the old TV series of the early 1990s. The website found that it was a multi-million dollar budget income from the classic book. It was going to be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in tune with this film. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video for this film was glitch! It looked like I was watching Full Motion Video from an old video game on CD-Rom from the mid-90s or the Playstation. Sadly enough, the color quality was similar. The acting has meant that Shatners' classic "dramatic break" is damn close to Shakespearean quality. The CG rendering of various scenes was horrendous, and the green screen sequences were worse than those seen in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. <br /> <br /> Second, it's slow and terribly elaborate. I sat for 45 minutes of the video (no promo at the beginning) before the cylinder was actually opened to reveal the first alien. After that, the alien was a terribly built CG squid. Now it takes me an hour and most of the alien weapons I've seen are a rotating silver disc (also lousy) attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are killed with too-used instrumental instruments. The last thing about this, for an alien invasion in the early twentieth century, concerns their lives. It is as if they had no concept. Even if the media were slow, word of mouth spread quickly and people would know. The "illusion" of day and night was poor at best. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT. Perhaps some actual lighting and night shots would have given a MUCH better illusion. There are many wasted sequences in the movie that simply look at the hero who gallops or walks silly streets. Go ahead with the film. I know how people go around, it is NOT necessary to be so thorough. <br /> <br /> Now, finally an hour and 5 minutes into the movie and show the alien machines. Mighty Morphin's Power Rangers have better effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized human beings seemed to be animated by a student from a high school freshman class app. The animations do NOT match the scenario at all. <br /> <br /> In closing, if you want "War of the Worlds", do one of four things. 1) Look at the original 1953, 2) watch the TV series of the early 90s, 3) wait for Spielberg's version to be released soon, OR 4) Read the frikkin book (something we probably did in the class elementary of English). AVOID THIS FILM. IT IS A REFUSAL OF YOUR MONEY.
