Normally when I write a review for an online movie, it's for one of three reasons. Or, I found something exceptionally lacking in a film that would otherwise have been excellent, I feel that the public's perception of a film before seeing it is inaccurate for a variety of reasons, or I believe the purpose or message of a film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. While all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a review that does not praise anything but praise and affirmations like "This is one of the best films of all time!", Does nothing to illuminate a potential spectator on its merits and disadvantages, nor often provides reasoning about why a film is so good, which should be the point of the review in the first place. That being said, War of the Worlds is nothing but a hurried, incompetent attempt to grab money; to ride his repulsive carcass on the multi-million ad campaign of the eponymous film directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the success of the summer blockbuster and many other poor people will buy it looking for more material on the same topic. This film is not even "so bad" that it becomes fun or engaging, rather the audience will be so incredibly disappointed as to reach the point of anger. Now, with most insults away, let me give some arguments as a warning to those more fortunate than me. Judging by the cover and the lack of publicity for this film (I found it as SAM's Club for $ 8), I assumed that the cast was unnamed and that the special effects would not be anything too spectacular. Check. This is not a big problem for me, because I find a high budget and an excessive dependence on big-name stars and SE can reduce an otherwise dignified film. Also, I didn't expect to be swept away by a big dialogue or a moving score. Check again. What I was hoping for was a serious real attempt on a classic theme and some alien / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, as per IMDb's policy, any spoiler must be announced in advance, no matter how small, so here's a fair warning. The film opens with a lot of silly speeches, followed by a trip to an observatory to watch a red dot. Seriously, it's a picture of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe in depth every little problem, but by the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of flickering camera movements, spliced ​​scenes and a LOT of walking begins to frustrate the viewer. However, the costume is surprisingly not bad and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious will keep you going. The next 30 minutes are basically the following: one of the main characters walks towards one of the pods, looks at the pods and talks to another main character about the pod and it could be hot. Both return to the city. These walks are not two seconds or added so that the dialog can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more and there are simply to add the fill to a movie already three bloated hours. In a particularly grueling scene, the main character is shown looking at a pod, then shown in steps and panting, then looks at the pod, then takes a minute to walk through a field in the city, then arrives in the city and enters a palace, then he has a cup of coffee and says "Thank you Mary" to a casual waitress who serves coffee, then puts the coffee down and leaves the building, then walks for a minute across the field and goes back to the pod. I apologize for the extreme run-on sentence, but it is perhaps the best way to summarize the entire film. The characters talk too much about trivial things, they walk a lot, they send other people to walk, the camera swings between high speed and low speed, but without any dramatic effect, simply the camera man is in the second year of Tech . The assembly is incredibly bad. People's actions don't make much sense. For example, when the professor goes to the home of a farmer and says he needs the farmer to give him a ride into the city, the peasant stutters and walks around. When the professor says that there is a pod and that the men could be trapped inside, the farmer blocks him in a shed only to see the professor grab a pitchfork and open the weak shed a second later. Nothing of consequence, of course, comes from this whole scene, since the professor encounters the main character a moment later, so that they can start their afternoon walk. The whole film seems as if at some point someone had a good idea of ​​making a film, but absolutely has no idea how to put it into motion. I've seen better video productions than high school. Finally, special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story. I have a feeling that the director really wanted this movie to somehow become a cult classic of field junk. However, it is so terrible in the technical aspects and in the pure common sense that makes people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
