You don't expect much from an image of PRC, and with rare exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and some from Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - it's exactly what you get: not much. This "epic" about the Nazis in Africa trying to incite an Arab revolt against the British is not very different. The screenplay by longtime PRC hackers, Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, is trivial, ridiculous, full of funny little jokes and plot holes the size of External Mongolia. RPC Al Herman's long-time budget specialist, is at most semi-comatose. However, the performances - apart from Walter Moss Woolf, spectacularly incompetent and irritating - are not bad at all. The veteran comedian Parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the movie. He plays a Brooklyn boy disguised as a razor blade salesman and lights up the screen considerably when he shows up. He has great comic timing, charm to sell and seems to have a good time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab sheik - despite his Spanish accent - and the wicked veteran George J. Lewis as Renaldo's Arab rival does his usual good deed of evil, although sometimes he is a little exaggerated. Joan Woodbury is quite nice and has a nice light touch, and she and Renaldo have a great chemistry together, even though - like the rest of the cast - she has none at all with King. H.B. Warner, whose career has extended to the silent era, lends a modicum of dignity to the low-cost procedure, even though he repeatedly blows his lines and, being the PRC in PRC, they have not been cut. There is a large amount of archive material included in a large budget silent film with a similar Arab theme - although I have no idea which one it is - and, since the PRC in PRC, no effort has been made to try to make it inconspicuous: I have rarely seen repertoire material that was so patently obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - well, OK, it stinks - but it would be worth a look just to see Parkyakarkus in its prime. I had heard of him and knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but I had never seen him before. It was worth looking at this "extravagance" of the PRC in tenth place just to see it in action. Otherwise, forget it.
