I recently saw the Broadway revival of "Blithe Spirit" with Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole and Jayne Atkinson. It is a terrifying production and shows what good actors can do with a game that is not perfect. Angela Lansbury is extremely funny as Madame Arcati. It was probably a mistake, therefore, to take a look at the film version of the film starring Rex Harrison. The film does not have the energy or laughter of a good theatrical production. <br /> <br /> "Blithe Spirit" is probably one of those comedies that works best with a live cast, in an audience full of people who come and laugh. The actors can improvise, give touches and nuances to their performance and delivery of the lines, and involve the public on a personal level that you cannot enter a cinema, or with a DVD that shows, where the public is separated from the public story of the "Quarto Wall". The story: Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a house in the English countryside. Looking for information for his next book, a book about the supernatural, Charles invites Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, taking up his role from the original London production of 1941), a local spiritual medium, at his home to conduct a séance. Charles believes that spiritism is a fiction, but hopes to collect "the tricks of the trade". But then Madame Arcati reports the ghost of Elvira (Kaye Hammond), the first wife of Charles, who died of pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave, and develops a rivalry spitting with Ruth on Charles (complicated by the fact that only Charles can see or hear Elvira). On stage, the actors can give shows that invite you to laugh in this situation. But on the screen, the actors of "Blithe Spirit" pierce the lines as if they didn't know that someone is listening to them. They mumble the lines that were designed to get laughter on stage. Harrison, Cummings and even Kaye Hammond's performances are flat and lifeless. Only Margaret Rutherford seems to have kept her spark and her humor as Madame Arcati. <br /> <br /> The Oscar-winning visual effects in the film are not impressive - not just by today's standards, but by 1946 standards! They mostly consist of Kaye Hammond walking in fluorescent green clothes and makeup, being photographed in special lighting to make her look like a bright ghost. <br /> <br /> The cinematographer deserves some credit for creative lighting. But compare the opaque optical effects of "Blithe Spirit" with the truly revolutionary effects of Disney's "Song of the South", which was awarded for the same year. In "South", humans and animated characters share the screen without problems for minutes at a time. Compared to "South", the Oscar that "Blithe Spirit" received for special effects has been completely undeserved. <br /> <br /> In any case, I can only encourage you to catch the Broadway revival of this comedy with Angela Lansbury before it closes. As for the film with Rex Harrison, jump.
