You just have to love the opening sequences like "Seven Women for Satan" ?? During the introduction there is a naked girl running through the woods, chased by a hunting dog and a malignant-looking type on a horse, until it falls from a cliff and opens its head on a rock. Then the camera gets bigger on the boy's face and we notice how he's just sitting behind a desk while his secretary is waiting for him to sign some documents. "Oh I'm sorry, was I lost in my thoughts ??" then he says! Sweet, I came across another film that was completely smart. Even if you understand only a minimum of French and take a look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply rotates on the flaming escapades of a perverse and mentally counting unstable during his weekend in the countryside. This is, in effect, another squalid variant of the classic milestone "The Most Dangerous Game" on the disturbing pastime of a lunatic who hunts people ?? preferably hot naked chicks - in the forest for sports. In fact, this is more than just a variation of the 1932 classic, as the writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine was claiming to directly link his protagonist to Leslie Banks' legendary villain in "The Most Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is apparently the son of the original Count Zaroff, but he exchanged his private island for the remote French countryside. Moreover, he can no longer afford to be unemployed, so he is an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a manic killer on the weekend. Zaroff is a real weirdo who has hallucinations about dancing with a dead woman, but actually directs his machine over the real ones. His butler once committed himself to preventing the Zaroffs from killing, but obviously he is doing a very bad job. There is no depth in the script and the accumulation does not pay any attention to the atmosphere of suspense or sinister. In fact, the only useful thing to do during this film is to count the girls who have been attracted by Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope that they will reach seven quickly. Half of the film is an unbearable and boring movie, like the act of erotic overlong dance in which a statue inexplicably turns into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half exists of a psychedelic imbalance that eventually it becomes tiring even if all the girls look adorable. I have the impression that it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and make a deliriously kinky sex-thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so it inevitably also plays in the usual Howard Vernon by Jess Franco ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself looks like a crazy killer, but not the talent to represent one.
