The 1930s were a golden age in Los Angeles with its film industry and the great potential of various other possibilities to become rich, famous and happy. People came there hoping to fulfill their dreams. Waiting for open arms and welcome offers, there were only a few who managed to achieve success and found their way to celebrity, the majority condemned to live hungry, disillusioned and unwanted, looking for some respect in dirty bars and in bad hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in Los Angeles in a similar research - to spread his charm around to get one of those beautiful wealthy women and to write an excellent novel that would have allowed him to undertake a career path, having previously written a single story published in a dark anthology. Eager to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems unable to produce anything without experiencing it himself, although occasionally he sends pieces of magazine stories to a local publisher who helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian but deep in his heart he truly feels his Italian origin as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world he had once left long ago and watching his dream turn into a hangover holds a last nickel to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought him was cold and harsh and spitting a curse on his triggers an endless relationship of insults, unspoken excuses and a hidden love underneath. Camilla is an uneducated girl who seeks to receive American citizenship through a marriage and also carries her heavy intersection of a non-prospective racial heritage. Although he is a much stronger and experienced person in life, his situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to deal with than Arturo is able to accomplish. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo eventually finds his inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their love affair has an unfortunate turn? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to find that the chemistry between the two main characters, played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The report lacks raw and authentic feelings. Hayek, although more lively than a character than Farrell, has forgotten to arm Camilla with the passion and strength of his once brilliant character Frida. Furthermore, it is difficult to trust a character who, being intelligent but uneducated and illiterate, uses rather complicated words and complicated sentences. A character harder than a sort of Phil Marlowe would certainly be better suited to Farrell, even if he looks magnificent in a period costume, he seems very lost in trying to find the fragile world of a 20-year-old dreamer in balance between a hidden love desire to be true to himself. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed looking at the two on the screen is not right. Their relationship may have been wild but it is more likely that thunder and lightning are stormless, far from true passion, feelings just described not felt inside. It is very sad that such a potential of an interesting script and of good actors has been wasted, turned into a gray of next-to-be-forgotten.
