It must have been heartbreaking to watch the newspapers while filming continued on this failure of a movie. Probably Cruise, the Exec. Prod., He saw what was happening and Towne used a lot, much more than the bare cut final film, then Towne wanted to make up for the looming disaster he saw. (Maybe Cruise even thought of "Titanic".) A few items: Colin Farrell can't make his way from a paper bag. But it is one of the flavors of the decade, the treasure of a producer and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment of looking at it by not attending his films. He has so many moments he can't believe what he's doing and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been at his best as a film actor, though not as rich or famous as he is now, playing the second banana with dynamic leaders who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money on sets of periods, costumes, cars and others and photographing them as if they had just come out of the dry cleaner or car wash / wax. No one seems to want to see anything, well, worn. Or dirty. Is it because the production designer told the line producer to make sure they didn't ruin the stuff because then the company would have to pay for the damaged items? <br /> <br /> This was a story about depression - thirty years old, not a Disney Broadway musical of that era. How about doing it in black and white or better yet, since Caleb Deschanel is your DP, make it desaturate the colors during the mix to suggest the real dirtiness and the poverty of the times. It must have been, after all, a little depressing to live so desperately like these people in the Depression. More on Farrell. Did anyone for a moment believe that that boy was a writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; Did I see his eyes roll at some point? Hayek and Farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? By sending a boy to do the work of a man? Perhaps in the book, which I did not read, the story was about an old woman and a young man. I can't dig too far into the last parts of the film because I was rescued from the start. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was making a not too funny parody of a film noir. Kind of like Saturday Night Live over the last ten years: it's not funny. (In my mind I kept thinking about a sketch by Guy Noir, about music and everything else).
