Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian outlaw and legend. A bit like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, the Australians love the legend of how he sided with English aristocratic oppression and joined the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to have accidentally been touched by this film. Indeed, some of the so-called "facts" in this film are, with good reason, a little doubtful. I suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when, in the opening credits, it was claimed that the film is based on the book "Our Sunshine". If ever a romantic version of the truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it is. It would not have been a historical epic, but only an adaptation of one of the many questionable legends of Ned Kelly, although a harsh and sporadically brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing but a famous Hallmark channel "true historical drama of life" is a wannabe! The story proceeds at an alarming rate (alarming because it has never made a film so slowly!) The feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure madness brought back memories of Costner's terrible Wyatt Earp many years ago. In short, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time to get to that nothing. This would probably have been a little more bearable if the performances had been good (because the direction was certainly not so). However, unless you are trying to play the worst Oirish accent, then you will be disappointed. Among this, the game of "Who has the most stupid beard?", "Find the obvious setback!" (clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and "Nature in Australia. including lions", is a similar experience to browse through Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and Neighbors while suffering a huge hangover. Yes, nature opens up a lot, as if to fill even more time (perhaps an attempt to appear artistic), the film continues to show useless photos of wild animals, and once shown all the native species, here is a circus to allow a camel and a lion (which is used during a fight to try to make us feel really sorry for the lion compared to the massacred people). <br /> <br /> This is a turgid and emotionless piece of historical fluff that should have gone straight to TV. There is not even a good word I can say about this movie. Even the usually fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the characters comments that there are only 2 bullets left for him and his friend, I myself wanted to have a gun to make any memory of this movie disappear from my mind!
