I can't get past the message of this movie. It is traced too clearly to be ignored, and it is obscene because it has lost the sense of what it is. I didn't read the novel, but Pollack's film opens with a scene in a CIA front organization in New York, headed by two professional murderers, led by Max von Sydow, who brutally slaughter half a dozen extravagant staff members that we came to know and understand. The staff includes an elderly female receptionist, a demanding senior professor who takes off her hairpiece when it's mitred (is it a joke?), And, finally, the beautiful Tina Chen who looks up from the photocopier, understands that she talks about to be murdered and says, pitifully brave, "I will not scream". Von Sydow answers comprehensively: "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated by everything we are aware of and graphics. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way that von Sydow and his henchman can be redeemed. Yet this is exactly what Pollack tries to do towards the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good guys, von Sydow changes sides (because the other side is willing to pay him) and murders the evil mind behind a complicated intramural CIA storyline. The script then turns him into a perfectly reasonable and sensitive human being. "It is better to live in Europe, things are not so hasty". Or anything else I swear I'm not making it up. Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. This is the message. You should write it down if you forget it. Exactly, what kind of psychiatric scribble do you have to transform ordinary values, not to mention common sense, upside down like that? I understand that there are caring adults who do not like the US government, who do not even hate it and who see conspiracies everywhere, providing an instinctive explanation for otherwise inexplicable events. I know that people who think like that exist because I write down some of my closest friends. However, at some point this does not like it, this hatred, if it increases in intensity, must pass beyond politics or ethics and into the realm of psychiatry. I don't think for a moment that a man who kills people for money is better than a sinister government official. I don't care how sweet and cultured the killer is or if he knows how to get to the Louvre by subway. Anyone who is messaging that message needs medication or meditation. <br /> <br /> I'd like to be able to argue that the production is as rotten as his message, but I can't. It's quite well done (in a way it's worse, because it makes the film less negligible.) Even the city of New York looks photogenic on the screen. And it's been a long time since I thought of New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of projecting the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a semi-genius of telecommunications. And, man, it looks good! His wardrobe is right. Even his rimless glasses are becoming. And his peacoat. Not everyone is able to make a dark blue sailor jacket fascinating. He too looks extremely handsome, the pig. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a necktie with such panache. Faye Dunaway is good in her role but it's not too credible a role. Would anyone want to sleep with a guy who just kidnapped her and keep her at gunpoint? Even if it looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally hurt if, when this ambivalent relationship is about to end, Redford asked her not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. Perform one or two extraordinary tests. The postman is superb. The fight between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is exquisitely choreographed and, for once, we don't know for sure how it will end, because Redford (a reader of books after all) seems to disagree with the cunning cleverness of this hired assassin. This is one of John Housemann's final roles. A shame. It's a magnet on the screen. And what an end to his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in a neighborhood he was familiar with for most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the film is very well executed, but I cannot ignore that vicious and paranoid message. I have the same problem with the "Triumph of Will" by Leni Riefenstahl. Or his Olympic documentary in which the announcer is witnessing a foot race where Jesse Owens is taking the lead and saying threateningly: "This negro is dangerous".
