It is difficult for me to say, because I appreciated both "Target" and "Paper Moon", but I thought that "The Last Picture show" was a film that was a bit fascinating but overly self-indulgent. His main positive aspect, as far as I'm concerned, is the extraordinary photography. But for me the film had nothing to offer besides the superficial beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty, to this). The characters were very difficult to relate to or to take care of. Basically you had this very slow pace and this style of naturalistic acting, but it was all there to support a very formidable and predictable story, complete with all the traps you would expect from any small town melodrama - all from the boy who cheats with his teacher's wife for the handicapped child that everyone chooses. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some might say that this film is more realistic - nowadays many people seem to think that realism is the only virtue a film can possess. But for me the film was simply overwhelming, and I want to see it again as badly as I'd like to spend a few hours in that miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this film really belongs only to its time - perhaps if I had seen it in 1971 I would have been struck by its novelty, only seeing something different on the screen. But this fundamentally assumes that he has never seen anything like Godard's Breathless, for example. Perhaps the explicit references to classic films would have attracted the film fanatic and helped me to overlook some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world it doesn't even seem unique or special. <br /> <br /> But it's interesting how he uses films in the film to give more depth to his film. We see 3 films as a souvenir in the show. First we see "Father of the Bride" by Vincente Minnelli - Liz Taylor's exquisite looks are in contrast with Sonny's girlfriend and the environment studied by Minnelli studies the medium-high contrast with the character's "real life" in a similar way. Subsequently, the clips of "Red River" by Howard Hawks emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. It just reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing his mentor's ass, like he did if I remember correctly by selecting a Hawks movie as part of his on-screen fantasy with Boris Karloff in "Targets". I imagine that in 1971 this kind of thing was new, but today looking at it seems just self-indulgent, like most of the rest of this film. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, I'd rather see another film by Hawks, Ford or Minnelli that Bogdanovich's film reminds us of because they were so amazing in such a subtle way. Maybe he's going to remind us of the giants that had passed the time - all he really does is remind us how small and he and most of his contemporaries are in relationship.
