We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He did the unthinkable. It may be the only director to have two films at the bottom 100 on IMDb! It's like some kind of movie cockroach. No matter how little talent he has, and no matter how bad these films are, he manages to keep making them. I know, he finances them all through a kind of bizarre German fund, but even so, his ability to continue making films despite absolute and complete failure is one of the great mysteries of the universe. <br /> <br /> it wouldn't be so bad except that the game developers continue to give their best properties to this guy. I really liked the Alone in the Dark game series. Even the last one, the New Nightmare, was good for a few hours of play. There was a good movie that was to be taken from the adventures of Edward Carnby, but that's not it. Now Uwe Boll has his hands on Bloodrayne and Hunter: the Reckoning. What's next, Silent Hill? Destiny? I can only imagine that this guy will cut game adaptations to film if he is not stopped. Someone has to take out his credit line, or these video game publishers must know it and realize that when they make a bad movie from a game that kills the franchise, nobody is more interested in that title. <Br /> <br /> Think about it, is House of the Dead or Alone in the Dark a viable game title? There's no way. A new House of the Dead game will be released for X-Box and nobody will care. The title is dead, and all because of Uwe Boll. So if any of you out there work for a game publisher, or know a game publisher, or have access to a game publisher ... please let them know. <br /> <br /> This film is not even worth reviewing. I can't separate what I don't like about this pile of dung from the rest. Literally, everything about this sucks. Writing, acting, music, CG effects, editing. I thought that if I waited until it was released on DVD and then rented it with low expectations, I wouldn't have been disappointed. Boy, I was wrong. Never underestimate the ability of Uwe to produce a large steaming stack of BOLL sh * t.
