I usually start by telling the premise of the film, but before anyone makes quick judgments about my review, let me specify by saying that I am a person who likes most movies (just check my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film just before that was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also the film adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated him. Well, I loved it. I even gave a 10 out of 10! My point of affirmation of this (which will surely immediately pass off some readers) is that even if I hated Alone in the Dark, there must be something wrong with that. <br /> <br /> The Premise: Who am I kidding? Trying to state a premise for this film is as easy as trying to balance the US budget, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists have uncovered evidence of some lost American Indian tribes. It seems that the Indian tribe had discovered some ways to face the "second world", which was of an evil nature. Bad things have erased them, but not before they could close the door to the evil world and throw away the key. Later, some scientists / government researchers who had experimented with the paranormal, and in particular this tribe, decided to experiment on some children, to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - everything up to this point and then someone is told in a prologue written about the film - it's just a white text that runs on a black screen with a voiceover that reads it to us too). Then, there was something about the children in an orphanage, but the government withdraws them, and then a group of people are looking for archaeological relics, and there are super humans wandering around, and a group of soldiers is called in and so on. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never really stops. It's like an endless story of hell. There are enough ideas to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. But none of them is presented consistently to create a good movie. In addition to the mystical Indian lost tribe and superhumans, we also get monsters that look like a cross between a Alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens, underground wormholes, zombies, war-like wars star wars, evil scientists, underground dens, gold mines, ghostly warehouses, impalements, large, mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, gold trunks pulled out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complicated plots behind them, a very romanticism ambiguous, car chases, domestic invasions, kitchen sinks. . . wait, I can't remember if that last one was in the movie. Even more surprisingly (in a fun way?), In Fangoria n. 240, producer Shawn Williamson said: "We are spending much more time on history, being very meticulous about it". Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark "a smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Let me not fool anyone. A lot of that stuff above might seem appealing to the potential audience of this film, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. Usually I had no idea what the relationship was between the settings and the other settings, because we were there or what everyone was doing (at least when every scene started). It's just a random mix of settings and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers. Then, when he finished, he and the editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film using dice, then put it back together by launching the I Ching. Sometimes the film sounds like a long directing film (which is a combination of short, varied and unrelated scenes that the directors circulate to try to get a job), but maybe it's too generous. I'm not sure Boll would get work if this were his coil. <br /> <br /> Just like I tend to like most movies at least, I tend to like most of the actors and most of the plays. It is very rare for me to say that a show was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm a person who usually loves Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they simply move it onto the set as a support. They might even have bought an inflatable doll. This would have saved them money they could have used for some CGI ghosts and vampires in the settings of castles and cemeteries. Perhaps they have chosen to move it like a beautiful piece of wood carried by the sand after seeing the newspapers of its muttering meaningless dialogue in a monotone that is usually reserved for entertaining the mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> And speaking of that dialogue, a lot of Alone in the Dark sounds like a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. By that I mean it's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook. At least in the Godzilla films, there is a camp, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a great reward in the fact that we see Godzilla destroying the city and fighting a giant gnat with radioactive death rays that shoot from its eyes or something like that. <br /> <br /> What Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to enforcing and filing lawsuits against their agents, is hard to say. I can't say I thought someone in the movie had a decent performance, even though maybe Slater saw the cigar. I think it's unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> However, I did not give this film a 1. There was some competent cinematography, even though Boll and Schwadel made mincemeat, and the hard rock tunes were good . Hell, even the prologue of the novel wasn't so bad. Actually I thought the movie had a promise at that point. But this could only be the worst movie I've ever seen on a budget of 20 million or more.
