This film shows that not all films made during Hollywood's glory days are worth seeing. Just because you have an excellent ensemble cast does not mean that this can overcome a script that was probably written by a chimpanzee! Think about it: the film saw the participation of Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart, yet it was still a bad movie! The basic premise of the film is not bad - a private psychiatric hospital in which the staff is more messed up than patients! Furthermore, the subplot involving the overworked husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) had many promises. However, the script was handled with all the finesse and dexterity of a drunken buffalo - with warlike and manner beyond the most important scenes again and again in the film. In fact, it was less like a drama and more like a bad episode of "General Hospital". Thin, this film is not !! Realistic, this film is not !! <br /> <br /> Although most of the reasons this film stank was the horrible screenplay, it also blamed the producers for the mix and abuse of veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a household name, but this character has exceptional talent, especially when he plays the gangsters in the Film Noir movies. Yet here, Stewart is portrayed as a very anonymous psychiatrist with some bizarre European accent - it simply didn't work since this was well outside of his acting and his character was totally underdeveloped and one-dimensional. Moreover, Charles Boyer seemed only hopelessly uncomfortable and totally out of place. Seeing this refined romantic actor as a psychiatrist in the heart of America seemed bizarre. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a rather horrible film. It's very watchable in a kind of train disaster but it's certainly not very pretty. My wife and I didn't like the movie very much, but I also thought it would be very nice if the writing was competent. <br /> <br /> PS - In a case of life-imitating art, Oscar Levant played one of the patients. In real life, the brilliant Levant spent much of his life inside and outside mental institutions.
