First of all I would like to point out that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the history of the Dutch folklore of the ghost ship which is also called THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this film you will not see a single sailboat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or anything remotely exciting. It's not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish they'd notified it in the main headlines or I wouldn't have watched it, because I really thought it was the movie about the legend. It seems that many people think that the film has to do with the legend of the ghost ship, since the film is listed on the Wikipedia page for the legend "Flying Dutchman" ... I don't understand why. Is it based on the legend similar to "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a combat sequence that would allow anyone hoping the film has battle scenes. Unfortunately, it's the only battle scene in the film. Then see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in City of Lost Children) for about two seconds, and this would have allowed anyone who hoped the film had good acting. Unfortunately it is very bad in the film. The same thing can be said of the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best Italian actors of all time, and who here is condemned to incarnate a crazy wrangler without a background story whose sole purpose is to seem "wise" "of the film. And boy, that movie needs wisdom! Every other character in the story seems to enjoy swimming in excrement, screaming, torturing others (in excrement), fornicating (in excrement), or laying in excrement a little more just for the fun of it. It seems to be so funny that every character in the story gets his turn to be dumped in one place or another. Coming from a Dutch director, you might think that the extreme dirt and the scandalously real dirt are necessary elements in a period piece, elements that have contributed to make the film by Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", a film like this awesome. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would allow anyone to hope that an equally dirty and visually direct film would be nice. Unfortunately, unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no dramatic progression, no fighting, no good acting and simply "no flesh and blood". Photography, while the opening sequence takes place, is well done and seductive. This too stops very early in the film. The music, by Nicola Piovani (from "La vità e bella") is repetitive and annoying, when it is not irrelevant (sometimes it implies that there is grandeur in a sequence, while on the screen the actors splash into liquid manure). During the first "act" of the film, which lasts less than an hour (!), The film takes place within the same perimeter, which is around the farm where the main characters live. The characters play a lot with the droppings, they drown inside, they play inside. He spends a long period of time through numerous ellipses to allow the main character, a young boy who likes to play in excrement, to grow old and play more in excrement. The bird man talks a lot about silly things in Italian. The Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and it takes hours to happen. Then there is a second act called "the ship", in which we see what might have been a ship a long time ago, but what time has remained of a ship (covered with excrement that I mentioned?). The main character, while walking a little further from the farm, happens to run into it, and decides that it is really beautiful so we live in it. The hunchback who lived there before is trying to kill him, but he doesn't care why (I said?) It's not very bright. He thinks the ship can sail and hopes to sail on it, until other conquistadors are shown (at least they seemed to be conquistadores because of the Don Quixote style hats but as I said it's really confusing who is who), make the Dutch a prisoner, along with the retarded hunchback, and burn the ship on the ground. The last part of the film, which is really difficult for the viewer to endure because it consists only of even more excrement with even more retarded middle-aged peasants fighting in it, takes place in an asylum. Even more torture and drowning each other with feces. Even more loitering for the director, who seems to have definitively given up his job, or passed to the second assistant of the crew to do the rest of the work. In the end, many new "friends" mentally challenged that the Dutch did die. The woman who had sex with who her brother's wife was to start trying to get him to meet her son. The Dutchman and his son talk. The film ends after two hours of ramshackle images and calamitous actions and technical performances. Then the end credits roll and the viewer feels immensely free from having to watch atrocious films without plot that pretend to be something exciting like fantasy films based on legends, while they are nothing more than a simple catalog of how much movie excrements can get when they don't have enough financial powers to do battle or even horses.
