The same night I saw it I also looked at "Scary Movie 4", creating a messy dual function. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes they couldn't stand the laughter that is the Scary Movie franchise. While fighting the boredom here watching stupid and stupid jokes, brutally dated and brutally bad, the most recent parody made me laugh out loud. How could I wish for more than this. Director John De Bello uses the basic premise that some sort of growth hormone went terribly wrong and turned tomatoes into a killer. But his main goal here is to slap the kind of catastrophic film that was so great in the past. The script stinks of stoner humor, and maybe if you take illegal substances with your movie nights, this could be your cup of tea. I, sober, was stuck looking at a tomato-covered adult man. And that joke, which is never fun, where even the discrepancy between the Japanese-speaking actor and the voiceover is here. Some might giggle, I didn't. They also had a joke about Hitler that wasn't funny, and I thought all of Hitler's jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The narrative of this film is so fragmented (without a good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop it, bad tricks are told. Their purpose may have been correct as their goals include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Strangely, the main strength of this film, those damned tomatoes, in reality don't make much appear. And when they do, take this, they are played by real tomatoes. This trick did nothing for me, since I get very little from watching a packet of tomatoes devour a body thanks to the magic of tricks to stop the camera. There is also the fear of going to work here at work that prevents this movie from being really fun. The gag of someone who falls asleep in almost any scene might please some members of the public, but more than likely will be seen as an invitation to join in the fun. <br /> <br /> I could also add that it seems to be an old fashioned human egotism at work here. The man eats the tomato and that is the dinner, the tomato eats the man and that is a world catastrophe. But this is just the way the world works. In the film the product becomes evil due to genetic modifications, but in the real world our products (see: Taco Bell) become bad thanks to negligence. And like those bad green onions, this movie's duration expired a long time ago. There are some good laughs to do. The last shot was really great, but he wasn't close enough to save this moderate smelly bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie buried deep in this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen rewrites to get there. And by "there" I mean the "Scary Movie 4" level. ** from 1/4
