In case you are an acclaimed connoisseur of cult film and / or bad movie, does a certain point come into life ?? preferably first ?? that you have to watch "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". It is an inescapable certainty, since this is one of the most notoriously terrible cult films ever made. A small but essential detail, however, is that "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is deliberately horrible. Already from the opening message, making fun of Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds", this is clearly meant as a zero budget parody and I cannot escape the impression that the writer / director John De Bello would never have expected his film became a success. The film tells the contemporary popular trend of the so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature in general turned against humanity) and introduces the less threatening type of plants imaginable as unbearable killing machines. A secret government agricultural project to produce bigger and tastier tomatoes is horribly wrong and soon there will be news of tomato attacks from all over the country. The president puts together a team of special forces to fight the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with areas of expertise and very specific scientists with horribly nicknamed voices. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is a lot of fun. Silly as it may seem, the sight of normal-shaped vegetables leaping from the sink and attacking hysterical housewives is quite original and fun. The first half hour also contains numerous memorable moments such as the catchy acronym, the "Jaws" tribute and the infamous unforeseen helicopter accident (see the "curiosity" section for more details) that arrived at the final cut. After that, however, the whole thing turns into a boring, unstructured and unbearably amateur mess. The quality level of the jokes goes from fresh and inventive to embarrassing and definitely not fun and there are too many characters and sub-plots. Personally, I prefer the sequels of the late 80s and early 90s (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefit from slightly better production values, incredibly exaggerated special effects and the presence of veteran actor John Astin (" The Addams Family ") as the mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. But, as already mentioned, the original inexplicably remains mandatory viewing material at some point in your life.
