*** Warning: this review contains "plot spoilers", although nothing can "ruin" this film any more than it already is. It's really that bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before starting, I would like to let everyone know that this is definitely one of those incredibly ugly movies that fall. If you are in a carefree mood and need a very friendly laugh, this is the movie for you. Now without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a business basket at Wal-Mart. This should be the first clue to how good a movie is. Second, he plays the lame action star Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second clue to how good a movie is. I'm still shocked that it was even put on DVD (who would waste their money doing something like that?), Although as you can imagine, there are no extras or bonuses on the DVD. In reality, there isn't even a menu; the film starts playing. <br /> <br /> First of all, the writer of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. He has one of the worst scripts ever written and is plagued by terrible one-liners; incredibly incredible, fake dialogue; and inappropriate comments (such as Lee's comment on Lundgren's, err manhood, which I will discuss later). There is not a single line of sincere sound in the whole film. The dialogue and the plot go hand in hand, as the script and the plot progress in a completely absurd way. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and so for no reason again, Lee's character drags himself to the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says "I'm not gonna leave you go alone, because despite myself, I like you! And I don't want to see you kill! '. or something like that, anyway. There are some disgusting appetizers, mostly pronounced by Lee. For example, when fighting with a villain , Lee says "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention the completely inappropriate and senseless commentary that Lee makes on the lower regions of Lundgren. When the bad guys start attacking after an apparently casual love affair between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee tells him: "In case we die, I just wanted to let you know that you have the biggest cock I've ever seen on a boy. ". Yes, he really says it. It doesn't make sense and it's not even possible (Lee never really sees Lundgren naked, so how could he know that?), But the writer nevertheless included him in the script. The whole film looks like a kind of action video game, and Lee even admits it. After Lee and the intimate Lundgren defeated all those villains, Lee makes a comment that is also very nice: "Wow, it's kind of a video game; we just defeated the first wave!" <br /> <br /> In Second, the plot of this film is despicable. In my opinion, it suffers mainly from the fact that it simply does not exist. The trailer for this film - which IMDb is available for viewing - makes it appear that the film is about two policemen trying to prevent to the Japanese Yakuza to conquer Lost Angeles. This is extremely misleading, however, since the film has practically nothing to do with it.They make very brief and vague references to the Yakuza trying to start a methamphetamine business with local dealers, but The whole film actually revolves around a poorly written attempt by Kenner (the character of Lundgren) to avenge his parents' death, that Chief Yakuza (named Yoshida) killed when he was only 9. The whole plot can be summed up like this: Yoshida wants Kenner to be dead, Kenner wants Yoshida to be dead and the two kill each other. And of course all the time Kenner's sarcastic companion (named Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) behaves like an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere remains naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the whole film. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and their completely insincere portrait emphasizes this even more. You would expect anyway a bit of acting from the action stars, but this film highlights some of the most unimaginable performances ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally we arrive at the heart of the baseness of the film: the flagrant bad action. There are so many incredibly bad and unrealistic action sequences in this movie, it's simply awesome they managed to put them all. Although Lee has his share of bad scenes, most of the truly terrible actions involve Lundgren. For example, Lundgren carelessly accepts four or five bad kung fu with one hand, without spilling tea. Then, surprised by a running car, Lundgren jumps effortlessly. Or what to say when he reaches a closed door, grabs the bad guy on the other side, pulls him back and hits him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, walks gently (without running) back through a shattering glass door around him, and jumps down to a floor height with Tia still arm in arm, only to then lift an entire car without the least effort and use it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? Even all the shameless shootings are terrible, with Lundgren and Lee killing every villain instantly, while the fifty attackers' rain of bullets never seems to hit either of them. This is, of course, up to the final scene of the film. Lundgren is shot point-blank in his bare chest in a region that, even if he could miss his heart, would still have begun to fill his lungs with blood and kill him within seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in excellent condition and manages to dub in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the wicked super villain. And of course the people who pass in the samurai-dressed parade wear a REAL, completely sharp katana that the two use to fight with the sword. Now in addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren has several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does this stop him? No of course not! In fact, a few seconds after easily killing the evil Yoshida (who gets stuck on a target-like wheel and then breaks in without fire), Lundgren casually leaves with Tia and Lee as if he wasn't hurt at all. God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are then confused with a completely useless and free naked scene every five minutes, including topless women at a party, the beheading of a topless woman, women in a strip club, naked women in a Japanese spa, and the useless hot tub and love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat sushi with naked women. Which, by the way, drives Lee to say with a lot of false enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys he and Lundgren "will go and eat the fish with those nests!" Which, of course, is followed by an annoying five. Nor can we forget the terrible montage, like when the bad guys are crushing a man trapped in a car in a garbage yard, and the editors left a puppet in an obvious look. The credits also list a huge list of stunts, which implies that a lot of action probably wasn't done by movie stars. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film repeatedly overcomes itself with blatant malice. It is illogical, impossible and, consequently, extraordinarily funny. If you are looking for any kind of pensive cinema, this movie will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time in which you hurt the cinema, this film will delight you. Like a real movie, I will deserve this movie at 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to lose an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
