The funny sound you might hear when you look at this exaggerated version of the classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" by Jules Verne is Verne turning in his grave. The only thing on this 80-minute opus that has something to do with "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything else in this lackluster production is new and not worth looking at. In fact, the director wrote here on IMDb.COM that he directed only eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and the studio attached part of the sequel to "Dollman" Albert Pyun to his "Alien from L.A." with Kathy Ireland. Evidently, the producers have run out of money and to meet contractual obligations abroad, they have grafted the sequel to Pyun on director Rusty Lemorande's film. Please do not rent or buy this miserable piece of garbage. <br /> <br /> Unlike the period piece by director Henry Levin "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, "Journey of Lemorande" to the center of the Earth "takes place in times contemporaries in Hawaii. Two fellows, a British nanny and a dog are reunited for the adventure of a life purely by coincidence Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his brother obsessed by comic strips Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science" are coming out to explore a cave. The heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper of "Underworld"), works for a domestic service called "Nannies R Us." Being a nanny was a lifelong dream of Crystina, but she did less than all her five babysitting jobs, but her friendly supervisor, Mrs. Ferry ("Africa Express" Lynda Marshall), sent her to Hawaii, Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of "Doomsday"), who is planning a last concert to revive his career, he has a dog named Bernard. Fallo wants Crystina to bring Bernard to a doggie day spa. Crystina is waiting for her taxi to arrive when a careless motel attendant accidentally puts the basket that hides Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Fallo hid his dog in a basket because the management of the motel strictly prohibits pets on their premises. Fallo has camouflaged the dog like a human child. However, Crystina takes a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After joining them to take his dog, the taxi driver leaves and leaves her. Crystina asks Richard to take her back to town, but she has other plans. Unhappily, Crystina joins the boys and they get lost, only to find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, at the center of the Earth. The rulers of Atlantis repeatedly warn their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and heroine stumble upon Atlantis almost by accident. Atlantis resembles a disco and everyone seems to come from a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), is orchestrating a surface raid with clones of the first human being, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland of "Necessary Roughness"), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, the machinations of General Rykov to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth fail, and our heroes and heroine save the day. <br /> <br /> "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire on dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low-budget action directors, but he blew it up in this light slaughter of a science fiction saga.
