Journey to the center of the Earth is the story of some Hawaiian tourists, three of them brothers, and one of them a young British nanny who babysits a dog. When the brothers accidentally move away from their jeep with the basket of dog biscuits, the nanny follows them (it may have been safer to buy more) to the cave that the brothers intended to explore (I think). For some reason, they actually go into the cave and then, when the place starts to collapse, they try to get out unsuccessfully, except for their six-year-old sister who says they go get help. Meanwhile, the more they move into the cave, the more they continue to fall more and more towards the cavernous core of the earth. And behold, it is here that they find the city of Atlantis and its bizarre alien inhabitants who live under the oppressive domination of an alien who does not want them to ask many questions about worlds outside of them. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the film's nominated director, provided comments on this film, in which he explains that part of the second half of this film is actually the sequel to Alien in LA Well, whatever if it were, it was an incredibly cheap film that I would have classified only slightly higher than City Limits (a 1988 science fiction film made even on a non-existent budget) because at the end of this terrible piece of film mostly incoherent that cuts corners where it can aim at humor and fun in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life in the alien world at the center of the earth is like. I also give him a score of two stars rather than one because he was sometimes funny, even if only in his subtleties. For example, the aliens ask the English girl if she is an alien and she explains that the Ministry should send her work visa shortly. Or when the alien girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in the town of Altantis and trades him for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Little things like that make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable. Imagine how good the movie would have been if they had 1) actually meant to do it, and 2) actually had the money to do it. <br /> <br /> I like how in the end, no one wonders what happened to the little sister who was sent away early to get help. He was simply wandering through the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano, mind you.
