Film Lame. Completely uninteresting. No chemistry between Indiana Jones and the boy from Black Hawk Down. The chase scene in the car goes on and on and on up to nausea. They manage to change vehicles a few times, but they always end up on the bad guys' tail. The scene in which Hartnett grabs the family car with the children crying in the back was just as stupid as it could have been. He's telling them about oriental philosophy and how it's okay to die, which I imagine writers thought was funny or even witty. It has just become morally, absolutely incredible and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some subplots have not even been explored, they have only been used as fillers. Why does Hartnett get sick of seeing dead bodies and continues to order hamburgers at crime scenes? Why, and for what reasons, the bad boy of IA suddenly suddenly stopped by the boss? Why can AI pick up friendly cops and then let them answer their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics and then let them come out of there without even slapping their wrists? For some reason, even if Ford is discovered as a cheat and a fraud when he acts as a real estate agent, (he makes prices when he's trying to sell the manufacturer's house to cash his own commission), they keep coming back to him anyway! They knew he was lying to both! Yet there they were, coming to terms that both said they would never want to. Stupid, just stupid. This is also one of those detective movies in which they shoot wildly on public roads without any concern in the world for innocent spectators. There they were, standing on the pavement shooting as people bent down to shelter. Unbelievable that they didn't hit a single person after shooting about 60 rounds each .... <br /> <br /> The script was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the plot just a sidestory in an attempt very pathetic to get us rooted for Ford and Hartnett. It fails miserably. And Ford's phone! Turn off the damn thing! How many times could you play in a 2-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustrating aggravating from the midpoint of the movie! Every 30 seconds, that stupid melody would sound! And if it wasn't Ford, then Hartnett was playing! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> Complete waste of time, Ford's worst movie since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his illustrious career.
