Well, this movie made me feel so strongly that I registered for a IMDb account just to warn people. It is obviously FANTASTIC !! Nothing makes sense in this film. There are too many subplots to start with. Josh Hartnett's character is an aspiring yoga actor and instructor, as well as a cop who seems to live beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (some of whom wait naked in his hot tub for when he returns from work). Add to this the fact that his father was killed by a corrupt policeman who happens to be involved in the current crime investigated by the unfortunate duo. The character of Harrison Ford is trying to sell property on the side and is sleeping with the ex-wife of the home affairs investigator, who is in charge of conducting a psychic radio show that the character of Ford calls from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can't remember the names of the characters (that's how it's forgettable) so I'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is the dialogue that is brutal. I mean indignation here. Throw every cliché in the book (having a heart to heart in a dark bar during the day with a drink in which the bartender knows his name, the duo investigated by internal affairs (why ??), hartnett in front of his father's killer ) and you have a hell of a mess. <br /> <br /> As I said, the plot is absurd and continuity is non-existent: 1) When Ford's car is retrieved, how the hell did the repos know where it would be parked? Were they following him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it just happens that the only evidence of the crime scene (an earring) is replicated on the charred bodies there (which was lucky!) 3) When the two are arrested and taken for interrogation - Ford he continues to answer his phone and Hartnett "concentrates" with a yoga pose on the table. Instead of picking up the phone from Ford, the AI ​​waits for me to play every time and then tries to grab it from the table before Ford does. Meanwhile, the AI ​​officer with Hartnett is massaging himself. So, inexplicably, the two are released without answering any questions. 4) During the car chase, Hartnett's car crashes and crashes into Hollywood, but suddenly the car is perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the villain into the building and gets into the elevator, how the hell do you know what floor the bad guy went down to? 6) When the two are chasing the villain near the hartnett car, Ford is trying to close a real estate deal. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most unconvincing record performer ever. His motivation to kill an aspiring group of rappers on his label? They could leave his label and it is a warning to keep his other groups loyal. But wait, why would you sign someone new with that business plan ?? 8) Why was the AI ​​boy who is investigating Ford arrested in the end? There is no explanation !! 9) And Hartnett uses his "acting" to catch the bad guy at the end. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I could really. Anyone who looks more closely at this film than a straight action comedy needs to be examined because that's all. There is nothing else! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
