Literally every aspect of this low-budget science fiction film falls into the categories that have been classified for its predecessors, contemporaries and those to follow. Bad special effects, a weak plot, ridiculous amounts of blood and blood, annoying and useless characters, all you can expect. "Attack of the Sabretooth" talks about a new holiday resort where the owners are Smilodon cats genetically engineered for an attraction. Cats run away and start killing people, the guy who runs the show wants to save them and not warn unsuspecting visitors about them, and there's a band of visitors and some employees who rebel and plan to kill cats. <br /> <br /> Special effects: the film is about an average result given its budget. The sabretooth are portrayed through poor CGI. Surprisingly, however, cats seem more realistic in a close and detailed shot, rather than in the longer and more distant shots where CGI is better hidden. Their attacks are recklessly bloody and disgusting. Just as you would expect, they attack, tear arms and legs and leave little behind. This is part of the reason why the film falls into a poor schlock. <br /> <br /> The plot and the characters are just as horrendous. We have some college kids who come to the island and plan a treasure hunt. And take it very, VERY seriously. Also to abuse private property, tamper with security systems and steal. Why are they taking such a simple game? I forgot something? Was there money involved? Or have they been sent to do it? I don't know, I could barely follow the movie. But it seemed to me that they were doing it just for the fun of it. Even so, they went too far for normal. <br /> <br /> "Attack of the Sabretooth" is a very poor film. Even for a low-budget sci-fi movie, it's a very poor and cheap example. It will support most viewers in tears, it might be appealing to some, and it will make you laugh and laugh to the fullest. And keep in mind, this is not a comedy, this is an economic horror movie, so it shouldn't be comical.
