Three gigantic sabretooth tigers (created in a laboratory with mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil material) are endangered by accidentally released through a series of events (such as the virus introduced by a computer geek to unlock security measures that they keep the resort's novelty shops closed during construction and a security guard is opening a gate as they search for the missing page from a porn magazine that flew away in the breeze) that threaten the lives of those with whom it comes into contact. Tigers are always hungry, but are unable to digest what they eat. So practically the tigers tear their prey in shreds. Victims include a group of college kids (.. stereotypes include a goth girl, a jock and a technology nerd), security personnel, and those rich, somehow developed rogues that we can easily despise and wish for horrible death. <br /> <br /> Completing a series of nasty science fiction movies, Attack of the Sabretooth has some of the most simulated computer animals I've ever seen. And the final sequence of death is presented in such a macabre way, you will demand in the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent in this truly terrible exercise in the creature's canon. There is a good dark humor deriving from the heads torn from the neck, but even here the prosthetic work is not convincing. Prosthesis of body parts and blood in abundance while the victims are attacked, crying for help and not receiving anyone. I'm starting to look like a broken record, repeating myself in every user comment I write for these science fiction films. I think maybe it's time to move on to other types of cinema. Robert Carradine is a ruthless businessman who is being courted by his former brother-in-law, Nicholas Bell, the only one who opens "Primal Park", a resort / zoo with sabretooth tigers genetically created as the main attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still quite appetizing, is a security officer who tries to convince Bell to get the investors he hopes to push into his multi-million-dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is the lover of Haiduck and his role is to keep the mechanic's operations running smoothly. <br /> <br /> The fate of Bell in the end, resulting from a tooth moved by a statue of tiger sabretooth, is the moat. Carradine spends a large part of the film joking about Bell, his arch nemesis. The tiger's point of view shows humans in a bright color as it moves towards them. The film is ultimately made up of characters walking through dark corridors (the technology nerd virus interrupts power) worried about their safety. College boys commit to breaking and entering to score some necessary items (.. it's a type of treasure hunting activity) to get into a brotherhood / sisterhood. The cast that plays these guys doesn't get past their clichés.
