The film begins with a manager (Nicholas Bell) who welcomes investors (Robert Carradine) at Primal Park. A secret project that has changed a primitive animal using fossilized DNA, such as "Jurassik Park", and some scientists resurrect one of nature's most fearsome predators, the tiger Sabretooth or Smilodon. Scientific ambition becomes lethal, however, and when the high-voltage barrier is opened, the creature escapes and wildly hunts for prey - human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that are more lethal and larger. Furthermore, a security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his partner (Brian Wimmer) fight hard against the carnivorous Smilodons. The Sabretooth, themselves, of course, are the real stars of the stars and are incredibly terrifying but not convincing. The giant animals savagely persecute the prey and the group rails against the most fearful predators of a nature. Furthermore, a third most dangerous and slow Sabretooth chases its victims. <br /> <br /> The film distributes the goods with a lot of blood and blood like beheading, hair-raising chills, full of fears when the Sabretooth appear with mediocre special effects. The story offers exciting and stimulating entertainment but turns out to be quite boring. The giant animals consist mostly of a computer generator and look totally bad. High performance even if players react appropriately to become food. The agents vigorously give physical performance by dodging the beasts, running, binding and jumping or dangling on the walls. And it contains a ridiculous final death scene. No for small children with realistic, bloody and violent attack scenes. Other films on Sabretooth or Smilodon are the following: ¨Sabretooth (2002) ¨ by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and much better ¨10,000 BC (2006) ¨ by Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This film full of bloody moments is misguided by George Miller and without originality because it takes too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (Tidal wave, Journey to the center of the earth, and many others) and occasionally for film (Man of the River Snowy, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: lower than average, lower part of the barrel.
