My rating of 3 is not what I would give to the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that American-International (a study specializing in ultra-low-budget rates in the 1960s) bought this film and completely destroyed it - slicing a film over two hours in a 64-minute movie! Furthermore, most of these 64 minutes were new materials (such as the "monsters"), so you know that this film bears almost no resemblance to the original. The original film seems to be a rather straightforward drama about the Soviet conquest of space - even if I'm not sure what it was originally! To learn more about the original film, read Steven Nyland's review - it was very useful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet sci-fi movie I saw that American-International bought and then violated to part to make a "new" film - standard practice for a company that was willing to put almost everything on the screen to make money - provided, of course, that it didn't cost him much more than a dollar in the first place !! This Americanized film concerned two rival powers of the world (NOT the United States and the Soviets) who tried to be the first on Mars. The difficult "bad guys" try to fail and the "good guys" save one of the astronaut idiots and then head to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stuck on a Mars moon where they see some monsters (added by American International) that are REACTIONALLY mischievous and one resembles a certain part of a female's anatomy. Then, they are saved - returning to the heroes of the Earth. <br /> <br /> The point is that the film was slaughtered - turning an incredibly beautiful (for the moment) artwork into a C-level movie. For this reason, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the horrible A-I job made with this movie didn't convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these idiots! It's worth a look for a laugh, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are few and far between. So the film is a real disaster - not bad enough to make it a must for bad film buffs and too stupid to be taken seriously. I would really like to see this film in its original form - it must have been a photo.
