Monster is a terribly scary movie about a wicked American cement factory (are there others in Hollywood?) That pollutes the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo, somehow creating a cat-like beast with a predilection for lamb and loose women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis the man who is sent to Chimayo by his grumpy boss Barnes who can't keep his hands off the back of his secretary to get to the bottom (pun) of the story. While in Chimayo Bill has to contend with an annoying journalist who apparently transmits all his stories in perfect English directly to America. I imagine that in the seventies there was a news market from small South American cities. There is also a radical named Sanchez who wants to sabotage the factory to pollute the water which, among other things, also provides the city with jobs for the locals, but because the cold-hearted economy intrudes on the susceptible enviro-marxism. Pete, the factory chief unintentionally aided by the monster when he has sex with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells her he is seeing Mayor Juanita's daughter and that it is over between them, then she is promptly eaten that night. A small side action without evidence. My hat is off for you, sir. John Carradine completes the cast as a priest who believes that the monster was sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the contempt he has for being in this film in the face. He could also have filmed it by running the local currency exchange to see if his check has bounced. <br /> <br /> Presumably based on a true story, so much so that they say it twice in the opening credits, this film is terrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on Monster's throat by adding his two annoying children as new characters, even putting his daughter, Andrea on top of billing with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality is non-existent and most of the scenes seem as if someone had smeared the tar on the camera before starting to shoot. This is made even more boring during the many scenes done at night. The monster itself is ridiculous as he raises his ugly rubbery head for the anticlimatic ending. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the acting industry has to be reduced. Dreck absolutely unwatchable. Shame on you, John Carradine.
