In a summer that also boasted foul-smelling stinkers like Snakes on a Plane and The Da Vinci Code, this is a rather bold statement. But I stand still anyway. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months ago, is overlong, hyper-indulgent and with CGI to the eye. My God, this stuff is peeping me out. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea of ​​"keeping it real" for his 2 releases. And I find that his approach to special and optical effects is the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombards us with so much CGI that really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you are watching an aspiring blockbuster who thinks that the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250 million (a totally irresponsible amount of money) on unpleasant visual effects that are not up to the hype. We saw everything and it was everywhere that CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in this. And for a film that is 95% made up of this shit ... well you understand it. <br /> <br /> I have read many reviews from fan critics about how the film has "soul" or "a human heart" or "tender character moments." Puh-location! We have already had thoughtful superheroes who were shouting silently "you would love me if you knew who they are" dozens of times already in the last few years and SR offers absolutely NOTHING again. The plot is also recycled rubbish. Lex Luthor (a bit miserable and hammy Kevin Spacey) who plots to destroy the mass of America has already been done in the first movie! And, well ... this is your destiny! It's incredible that they managed to pull this garbage out up to 2.5 painful hours! Even if the cast was nice, would make it less intolerable.But Brandon Routh has the personality on a mahogany hatbox screen, Kate Bosworth is not at all convincing as a Pulitzer-winning journalist, James Marsden is 250% wood, as usual and Kevin Spacey really has need to fire his agent or to acquire some better judgment. The only member of the cast that I liked was the lovely Parker Posey. But I like strange-looking girls. <br /> <br /> Every year films like this become bigger and more explosive. Soon we will have $ 300 million films. Studies must realize that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of shit, for all the resources that this movie cost to make ... was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! This garbage put me in Superman for life!
