First of all, let me just comment on what I liked about the film. The special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did I feel like I was watching a video game. Here, this is the last nice thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I'd like everyone to read this to acknowledge that I can't even put into words how difficult it was for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have innumerable complaints about the film, but four major complaints come to mind. My first major complaint concerns the incredible cheerfulness of the "coup de théâtre" (if we can say that since most people probably saw it coming a mile away) where Lois' 5-year-old son turns out to be Superman's superpower son. When the crying super child throws a piano at Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have made a much better Superman film without resorting to cheap tricks like an apparently fragile but latent illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My next major complaint is that Superman raises a continent of kryptonite in space. It doesn't take a Simpson comic book guy to point out what's wrong. I don't know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but when Superman is also exposed to a small amount of kryptonite, he hardly has the strength to stand. Anyone who has had the idea of ​​making him fly a big island made up of his greatest weakness in space, no longer has any connection with other projects related to Superman. The concept is ridiculous like making a film about Dracula in which the title character has a stake in his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made of garlic in the sun. Why isn't it enough for Superman to eat kryptonite? He can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. This is no more absurd than having hoisted a continent of kryptonite into space and then falling helplessly through the atmosphere without burning back or splashing throughout the central park when it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint concerns the fact that Singer slaps spectators in front of the religious symbolism of the entire film. I must discuss with his characterization of Superman as the only child of a Jor-el similar to God sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not wise at all, he was just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him into a rocket and shot him quickly in space because his planet was about to explode. I will buy the allegory of Christ if Brian Singer can show me the part in the Bible where God sends Christ to the Earth because Heaven was about to explode, and therefore the radioactive pieces of Heaven become the principal weakness of Christ. Furthermore, the "crucifixion" scene in which Luthor stabbed Superman at his side with a kryptonite "lance" makes me want to bang my face against a brick until I'm too cerebral to notice the blatantly obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will contaminate the steel man for the foreseeable future. They could also rename this movie "Superman Returns: the Passion of the Christ". <br /> <br /> And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint concerns the representation of Singer by Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a shrewd, cold-hearted tycoon who is more likely to run for president (which he does in comics) than trying to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be in command, not to destroy everything. Yet the Luthor we see Superman Returns, as well as all the previous Superman films, is a bizarre theatrical dunce that presents itself with bizarre plans to destroy the world. If Singer had the least loyalty to the characters, instead of the previous (rather horrible) previous Superman films, this movie might not be such an unbearable misrepresentation. Perhaps Singer's next project may be a Batman film focusing on the interpretation of Batman from the 1960s television series. ZAM! Whap! POW !! <br /> <br /> To sum up, I don't know what I hate most, the film itself or the fact that so many people seem to give it positive reviews. Everyone has a right to their opinion, but if you don't hate this film, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone who reads this to not see this movie if you haven't already. Don't see it, don't buy it when it comes out on DVD, don't rent it ... in practice you don't contribute with money in any way. This film does not deserve to make money. In fact, I think that for every person who sees this film, Bryan Singer should receive a fine of 45 billion dollars. If you are a Superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and get kicked by someone and you will get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.
