Most of Stephen King's stories are small gems, with original ideas that don't take long to develop; basically thin and bad - you quickly set them on a limited number of pages, read them and you're done before you know you've started. They are like the equivalent of a McDonald's carton - they taste really good and you know there isn't much nutritional value in them (from a literary point of view, they don't say much about the universal human condition), but you will cut them down still, don't do the pig and go for the extra-large portion and fill yourself with too much fat ("too fat" is a metaphor for the prose of King's novels when you find yourself reading one of them and for example, come on - just with pop-cultural observations or with the intelligent chapters of the Yankee - go on with the story already!) He has compiled four books of short story collections. I've read them all - from NightShift to the last, Everything's Eventual, and they all show a "get-to-the-point" efficiency that is sometimes seriously lacking in its tomo-dimensional novels. <br /> <br /> But his stories never neglect their welcome ... which brings us to the TV adaptations of Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How the hell did they (the producers of the series ) get a light to transform stories that usually have an average of 15 pages in 50-minute episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". The stories with his name on them probably didn't cost little by little, and an hour shows more advertising than half an hour, so ... what should have been an anthology of episodes for 23 or 24 minutes has become double that length, and twice the commercial time ... Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I am not going to waste time summarizing the story lines - this review assumes that you have already read the stories and / or seen the show; what follows is just my instinctive reaction to what TNT presented ... Of the four episodes so far, here is my assessment of ten cents (from the first to the worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground-- It's not a classic with no means, but hey, how could anyone argue about preventing William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the ironic reference and the destruction of the murdering doll Zuni of Trilogy Of Terror showed me the producers (and the teleplay writer, who is the son of Richard Matheson - the writer of TOT) knew their mission with this was to make the deadly action but at the same time fun. It took more time to get to Hurt's apartment than he should have, but I think he met his goal. 8/10 <br /> <br /> Umney's last case - I especially liked the performance of William H. Macy. I think the writer / Umney should have appeared in the story before in the private eye / the beginning of Umney because it was the actual reality of the story, and anyone who knew the king's story (probably half, if not more than the public) knew the Chandleresque's attitude had to be interrupted by the reality of the writer, so let's go straight ahead, and we already cut out the beautiful and clever forced joke 'Private Dick'. Once the writer's / Umney's family tragedy began to reveal itself, I thought the show had developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (at least me) feel sympathy for Macy's attempt to escape his sorrows by usurping the exciting creation of his imaginary life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The End Of The Mess Mess ... Uh, this title is what I heard of this episode when it was over. After twenty minutes, I was ready to scream on TV - OK, we already understand it, the younger brother is a Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston that he talks to the camera ("time is running out for me" - not fast enough, I thought) that the young magician will discover something really ugly for humanity - we know this because an airplane has already been built but almost dead because not he managed to get him out of the path of a tree; and he blew up his chemistry lab while teaching himself chemistry (thinking that the end of the world could have been prevented if only this child had a little more parental supervision). So much time has been wasted in establishing the uber-genius of Henry Thomas, when we finally come to the resolution of his discovery - the end of the world through involuntary idiocy - how much do we get to see the world "that ends?" - a economic video of a journalist who begins to forget what he is referring to, and brief radio broadcasts announcing that doomsday is at hand. Oh, and his brother's parents drooling and singing old songs. The point is that if your story really concerns the "end of all chaos (world)", I want to see the "mess" as it rises in flames and freezes and burns. Let's talk about ending up with a groan, indeed. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End: this episode completely overwhelmed me. I could have lived with the happy couple who arrived at their hotel forever, slapping and tickling, having lunch and taking a taxi (which was half of the episode), if once they finally crossed into Crouch End the episode has caused the chills, but failed miserably. Not only was it not scary, it was practically ridiculous. Ooh, look ... a kitten ... wait, turn ... oh my god! Look, it's a scary eye! Uh Huh. They could have done a lot to shoot the Crouch End sequence at night instead of daylight. The things you might inadvertently find amusing can become scarier when you see them in the shadows of the night. But I guess the budget wasn't high enough to shoot at night on fake London sets that slapped together for it. On the page, this is a very scary story about tourists wandering in places they shouldn't and terrible things that could be hidden just around the corner. The only terror in this adaptation was the direction and the acting: those were really terrifying. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Overall Series Average (so far): 4/10
