The remake was a superior film remake in every respect. Most remakes end up being a total junk, but under the highly talented direction of Alexandre Aja it has become one of the best ever made in terms of remakes and also with regards to the horror sub-genre of mutant horror. In part 2 of passages directed by another individual Martin Weisz and written by the father and son combo of Jonathan and Wes "I can't make a good horror film to save my life" Craven and if this is an indication of the directing skills Weisz and young Craven's writing skills are all involved in a painful future as THHE 2 is not only not as good as the first but cannot even entertain on ANY level. <br /> <br /> Let's start with a birth of a pretty graphic mutant child who although he is rather cool will not prepare you for the garbage that must come, just a hint of what could have been in this film. We will therefore see a crew of scientists who are all introduced and dispatched by our radiated waste. To pass our main cast of army reservists to save the day, that's where the biggest problems begin. <br /> <br /> From a long sub action (yes, even for this type of film) to horrible characters due to the lack of real carnage for most of its execution time, 2 becomes a job to watch since it does not nothing happens when idiotic soldiers make a mistake after the error, just to meet, not for the mutants but for themselves. He thinks the Marines in Aliens are the exact opposite and you have the idea of ​​how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real shame of the movie as most of the Hills occupants don't get the kills you'd like to see, like in the first movie, in fact if it didn't have Annex 2 and the short panorama in starting to tie this in way approximate to the first, this could have been almost a Sci-Fi Channel original. <br /> <br /> Even the Mutant Mountainbillies are not so funny this time, on the contrary, in a sense they are much inferior to our previous batch because they all look like little designed and uninteresting. Also the one who took the cake was the Sloth-like Mutant (know Sloth from the Goonies) which helps them in the 3rd act. I was waiting for him to ask for a Baby Ruth or start talking about Rocky Road Ice Cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most things here. <br /> <br /> The gore is in the film but it is not as visceral as the original, in fact it seemed attenuated for the most part apart from the scene of the birth of a mutant child, there is really nothing that stands out as in the first. Another great attack against this film. So what worked here, the answer is nothing. It seemed like a sequel designed specifically to make money with the success of the first and not to make a "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can go on about the crappy Drill SGT., the radio man who has an impediment in speaking (yes, he's the kind of guy I want to radio in to help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who looks like the exact same character as our "hero" in the first movie, but I think you can get the point. This film is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first. It should have been given another title and added to the Saturday Night Line on The Sci-Fi Channel. A pity as a solid sequel could have been done but alas it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball on almost any level and will get one of my lowest scores because I give THHE 2 the same score as its part: 2/10 Terrible: words cannot describe how ugly this film is, an opposite of the opposite of its predecessor in every way, unnecessary and unnecessary. Next time guys, if you're going to make a sequel so bad ... don't even bother yourself. Please don't go to support this garbage in theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
