As has been stated countless times, "The Hills Have Eyes 2" is NOT a remake of the sequel (generally ignored) of the mid-1980s of Wes Craven's original 1977. But wanting to give this post-modern sequel to the official Diminishing Returns stamp, Craven himself (a double threat alongside his son, Jonathan) decided to make a film that is of the same quality - in English, HORRIBLE . Former music video director Martin Weisz takes the reins from Alexandre Aja, and is clearly above his head - yet one wonders how someone could have created a watchable movie with Cravens' Screen's doodle. Not only the characters (in this case a band of national guards (wo) men sent to investigate the turbulent hills of the original remake) are completely unpopular and prone to really annoying genre pitfalls (played without a lick of irony, mind you ), but they are constantly jokes that are not fun. After seeing their total ineptitude during a training exercise, their fate against repulsive and wandering cannibals is painfully obvious. Only this time - as in the original 1980s sequel - the script is so simplistic (barely existing, actually) that any potential subtext is abandoned in favor of raising mail in repulsive shocks (we are treated for a combined birth - mason during the opening credits, plus a free rape for those who have not ejected the DVD from the middle point!). Even the mutants of this tour are unbalanced without personality, of no memorable importance - the flashy and rubbery FX seems, like the rest of the film, to try to hide his face from embarrassment. I really complained about the lame "surprise" at the end of Aja's otherwise excellent film, and the producers literally went broke at the end of "Hills 2", preparing the stage - VERY lamely who is preparing the stage - for a third installment. .. however the Cravens and Weisz have created a film that is such a cynical bastardization of what made the 1977/2006 versions working that they would have difficulty finding an audience after this insulting slap in the face.
