This ridiculous and inept movie is certainly the most wrong version of "Hamlet" to reach the screen. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; going so long as to paint Ophelia in a straight jacket, since the Fortinbras army suddenly appears on the horizon (much resembles the climax of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail") when the palace is apparently guarded only by Francisco (who shouts the non-Shakespearean cry of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being killed) and multitudes of stellar cameos that refer to the days of Jimmy Cagney and Mary Pickford's Bottom. <br /> <br /> Branagh has chosen to set his film in an Edwardian environment, but at the same time he has decided to use an almost complete text, so that often the dialogue that is firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality makes no sense in context in which it is executed. And Branagh does not deal with subtleties as material as the ambiguous nature of the relationship between Hamlet and Olphelia, treating the public of a scene of naked and vulgar sex between the couple who launches ambiguity on the window. <br /> <br /> The uncut text allows Branagh to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime: more footage of Kenneth Branagh. This is never so obvious as in the "How All Occasions Inform Against Me" speech that concludes the first half of the nineteen hour movie (at least that's how it feels), which tries to play in a dramatic crescendo along the lines of Gone With The Wind's "I will never go hungry again." This may serve Branagh's ego, but it does not serve Shakespeare or the speech: when I saw the film at the theater, I approached my partner and sneered "Great moments with Mr. Hamlet". Branagh saves the most fun and insipid moment last, when he tries to overcome Olivier's film and his justly celebrated Claudio's death by blasting Hamlet from a high tower to the monarch, impaling him with a sword. Branagh's Dane does in the king heroically throwing an apparently magical rapier from across the palace to cross Claudio's heart with the eye of a superhero bull. The only thing that spared the moment from being unbearably maddening is that it was so much fun. <br /> <br /> While this film has been praised in some circles as a serious representation of the tragedy, it is actually nothing more than a star-studded show by a once talented director, overcome by his own narcissism. The Emperor has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer but some unintentional laughter and the terrifying sight of the ego of a man out of control.
