Ok, we're not confused here. If this is the sequel to a remake of a classic horror original, does that mean that it is also automatically a remake of the sequel to the classic horror classic? I hope this is not a general rule, given that Wes Craven's sequel to the original "The Hills have Eyes" ?? released somewhere during the mid-80s ?? it's easily one of the worst and absolute redundant horror movies ever made. The second part did not have a real plot and reused the original footage only to further exploit the success of the genuinely gritty and petrifying premise. Craven also wanted us to believe that dogs also suffered from flashbacks and painful memories, as the faithful German shepherd of the Carter family relived his bloody fight with one of the mountain mountaineers. There were quite a few alarming signs that indicated that this sequel would be a horrendous failure. The remake came out just a year ago and here's the following already? The incredible speed of his release causes you to rightly the quality of the script. Don't they need a little more time if they want to invent a movie that should be scary, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexandre Aja virtually changed the general opinion on the horror remake, having had the courage and the intelligence to change essential elements in the plot and adding more sickening blood than anyone could ever hope for. Moreover, Aja is a young and talented director and has made himself known with his classic French cult "High Tension", but who is this new director? "The Hills Have Eyes" by Aja was an unexpected success, appreciated by both experts and older generations of horror fans, and by younger and more enthusiastic target groups. It's a really nice movie and, even if an avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable, it's highly unlikely that one of them will ever equal the amazing quality level of Aja's resounding success. Bearing all this in mind, as well as a rather large dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this hasty sequel is not as terrible as expected. The script is a common and ordinary horror fodder, which introduces a fairly large number of characters with few or even backbones and which blandly describes how they are slaughtered by monsters with a traditionally repulsive appearance. After the events of the first film, the US military set up a camp in the middle of the new Mexican desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests, which took place there in the 1950s and 1960s. For the horribly mutated survivors of the mining community who stayed there during the radioactive tests, scientists and researchers form a tasty appetizer until the main course of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They should abandon food and supplies, but face their last military training exercise in the face of relentless humanoids living inside the remains of the mines. <br /> <br /> This is basically just another slasher number with stupid characters that are, even after losing many of their friends, still stupid enough to separate from the group and act like easy-to-kill targets. It is also very easy to indicate which ones will come out alive from this adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence and another continues to watch the video images of his nice 3-year-old son. "The Hills Have Eyes II" is completely missing ?? how do you expect? originality, logic and plausible situations. The mutated miners are not as threatening as their colleagues in the first part, mainly because they are not organized this time and behave only as drooling monsters and sex-hungry prototypes. Since you are not interested in G.I. Joe "heroes" and certainly does not feel any sympathy for the eyes on the hills, this film is much less compelling and engaging than last year's original. More particularly, this second film is not as violent and bloody as the first! The sequels usually compensate for the lack of suspense and the absence of surprising twists with extra bloodshed and more graphic kill sequences, but the action in this sequel is really domesticated compared to the sick movie presented in its predecessor. Are there a handful of scenes to satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatics ?? show mainly soldiers falling off cliffs or being shot by their own guns ?? but unfortunately there are no exasperated battles or virulent dog attacks. What a pity! What is the point of a sequel if it cannot even overcome the level of coarseness and / or free dirt of the original? Fortunately, the film is never boring or uselessly sentimental, and you will enjoy discovering all the things that have no meaning whatsoever! For example, the wallets that fall from the bloody heads of the people, the women with no muscular strength cast like soldiers from the hard cock and ?? my favorite ?? assign to the soldier ONE a talking disabled person to operate radio communications.
