Last year's remake of "The Hills Have Eyes" was one of the best attempts to update the vaguely exploitative horror films of the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed an admirable development of the character and when the violence started it was mean and wild and everything was done in a landscape of impeccable production photography and design. I was one of the few people who thought he was better than the original and was looking forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the wild mutants of the desert. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills have Eyes 2', published only a year after the original, seems a hasty and ill-conceived attempt to cash the franchise with little attention to quality. Jonathan Craven's screenplay may have been written over a weekend and, given the speed with which this film entered theaters, it probably was. It falls on every cliché of genre that is minced and portrayed in the book while offering absolutely nothing new to the desert mutant mythology. I always made a groan of disappointment when a sequel replaces the civilian characters with the military. The soldiers are always written so lazily and never fail to bore you with rough caricatures of macho bullshit bullshit. In my mind, "Aliens" was the only film able to make such a transition, thanks to the talent of James Cameron, not simply to direct the best action sequences, but never forgetting that an audience must care about people massacred. He has also been ably assisted by some talented actors. With 'The Hills have Eyes 2', it is clear that video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the cast of television fans does not have the talent or desire to turn cardboard characters into something that comes close to life, breathing human beings. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, each character is a broad and generic cliché. They act in a stupid and illogical way, making stupid and illogical decisions that lead them to deaths that are predictably stupid and illogical. The last half of the film becomes just another boring scenario chased through dark corridors. 'The Descent' (on which Sam McCurdy, coincidentally, also worked as a cinematographer) has shown that even this most derivative of sequences can still be performed with genuine originality and suspense, but we don't see this innovation here. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is just a very lazy film, without suspense, tension or surprise, without a single individual involved at a distance interested in producing something of quality. It's a tame and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of his life in a real jar of Blockbuster business.
