"The Hills Eyes II", one of the most useless and blatantly stupid sequels that will come out in a certain period, is 90 minutes of incompetent film that do the best. Or worse, however you choose to watch it. While the 2006 "Hills" remake was one of the best and truly terrifying horror films of the year, this sequel takes every spark from what made it a reality. The second part never takes off, nor does its sluggish dialogue. Worst of all, it's not so scary. <br /> <br /> The 2006 remake followed a family in the middle of the deserted New Mexico desert, and one by one was robbed by unbalanced and sadistic people. The people who, following military tests of the atomic bomb on their land years ago, have become what they are. Survive from travelers wandering in the region. The following puts the public in the same desert, now occupied by the military while secretly investigating on the hills and what could have happened to that poor family. When a group of military trainees is brought into the camp, they find him abandoned with no signs of life. A sad reality soon caught them, as they arrive at the awareness of not being alone. And the bloody fate that has been delivered to many before them will soon become their destiny. <br /> <br /> It doesn't take a genius to realize that "Hills" has no legitimate reason to exist. But since last year's remake was well received at both the box office and the critics, it was not surprising that a sequel would be brought into production while there is still money to be made. There is no rhyme or reason for this time, just an incredible and ridiculous set to pave the way for carefree characters, non-original killings, a non-existent story and slipping interest. Originally, director Alexander Aja made the cult classic of Craven a remake which was a unique and deeply disturbing experience. One who has crossed the line in a bloody way on more than one occasion. His outspoken demonstration of violence, sadistic torture, all-round characterization and white-knuckled suspense were all used effectively to shock and repel the public. The second time, it is redesigned freehand. There is no style, no determination. Try to accumulate tension by dismembering the bodies, when all that it really does is make sure that there was, made that kind film, where even the blood seems tamed compared to the most recent bloodbaths. <br /> <br /> It is a sad state of affairs when deformed mutants that capture women for reproduction purposes fail to hold your attention. It's boring, nothing more. 'Hills' did not bite. Despite a jump or two here and there, there is nothing very scary in this horror movie of numbers. It seems like something you'd see on the Sci-Fi channel, only with some F-shaped fire bombs, a splash of blood here and there, a rape and a graphic birth scene that is more serious than shocking. It is cheap. And with "Hills", collect what you sew. Without any effort, you can't expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz as a director was the film's first major mistake, all it does is drain the film of all sorts of emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the unusually bad script written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. Ask how bad it could be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes each comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven has had his fair share of clunkers in the past, but I would never expect anything like it from him. It's so unintentionally funny, one must wonder, is Craven playing a joke on this? Or did he download this to his son after the studio paid him? The characters in the film are one-dimensional talking heads without emotions or common sense. Acting is just as bad. The only character that could conquer you is the Napoleonic Naples, the thin boy who does not adapt to others. Even the unbalanced and instinct-driven villains, which we might have found some favor in the depths of our thoughts a year ago, met with indifference. You don't hate them, you don't like them. I honestly couldn't care less. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were stunned by fear during "The Hills Have Eyes", as I was, you'll have fun finding something to enjoy in this piece of junk. It is generic like the generic, and there is absolutely nothing that we have not seen already done many times. I can't express it enough, I avoid "The Hills Have Eyes II" like the plague. It's scary, not original, hectic and boring. Follow the remake or Craven's original vision. Because if you don't go out after the first thirty minutes, don't say I didn't warn you.
