I saw this movie coming out and watched it 3 or 4 more times, including last week. I'm sorry to have to be a dissenting voice regarding Mr. Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> This is indeed a glorious and sumptuous film, not to mention ambitious in over 4 hours in length - beautifully filmed and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others do great jobs. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If ever there was a vanity project for an actor, it is so, and Mr. Branagh spares nothing in putting "ham" in Hamlet. From the stunt casting (which gives us the worst performance ever of the crazy mix Jack Lemmon), to the moments of business distraction thrown in to instill a sense of "naturalness", to his own performance that goes from the launch of the single the most famous soliloquy of all the literature to scream every line of others. His performance confirms that, while he can meet better on stage where it is most needed, he has never been a great film actor. The scenario budget could be charged to catering, Mr. Branagh eats so much. His performance is a perfect example of why people do not go to see Shakespeare - "full of sounds and fury, meaningless". And if there is an error in his direction, it is that he holds the camera firmly glued to his exaggerated display. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the theories that people can pose on the Bard, he was, after all, said and done, a playwright. The splendor of his works lies in the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play his works, there is certainly great acting, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of "Hamlet" itself. It amazes me how Mr. Branagh "put it in his mouth", but he didn't hear it. It was an example of spending too much time figuring out how he's going to say something, and too little to understand what he's saying. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh has certainly done a great job in editing some fun productions, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. His direction has always been better than his acting. I continue to give him immense credit for having awakened interest in Shakespeare's filming. He created an exceptional model for other productions. And it would be interesting to see it on stage, from around 20 rows. But I hope he chooses to direct more and do less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Certainly. There are many small joys in the film. But it is a long and long film and, in the end, one can feel less than what they enjoyed than it survived.
