I suppose all the inside lines are what made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was horrible, although given the ridiculous history and nature of the characters, it probably could have been a much better (and more fun) movie. Perhaps all they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> The munchies, as many observers have already pointed out, are a kind of parody of the Gremlins. So all the references to the film. The film starts somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. An annoying dufus named Paul, an aspiring comedian who offers neither sarcasm nor jokes during the film despite his career plans, is holed up with his father in the caves. His father is an unconventional type of archaeologist, who seeks in caves not for artificats or mummies or anything else, but proof of U.F.O. And this is where the Munchies come into the picture. Hidden in the crack of a rock is an ugly little mutant who looks like a rotating rubber doll with a Gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, put him in a bag and take him home so that Paul's father can finally show proof of extra-terrestrial life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father to look at Arnold (a bet he made with his father, if he loses, is going to college to get a "real" career) ). The disturbing neighbor neighbor with the bad carpet, Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman), wonders what his neighbors are doing. So he and his lazy son, a hippie airhead guy (which looks more like they should have made his character a biker or a heavy metal fan) to go and steal Arnold. Why? A scheme to get rich quickly, of course. And, of course, Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after a few shots and prods at Arnold, he multiplies into other Munchies. <br /> <br /> This wasn't even a movie that was so bad that it was good. It was just awful. I hoped the Munchies would mutate and kill the idiots who always followed them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be a way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really sums up the movie. Not to mention poor special effects that look like hand puppets. It's really bad to write all around - it wasn't even funny - not even that young cop who can really give you the murderous spasm in your eyes. As I said, Munchies, if they received a real budget and better actors, they could get a good parody. Passage.
