The munchies begin in the darkest Peru of the deep (it looks more like a dirt road for me) where the archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on an expedition. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings were actually spacecraft control centers and that he was on a mission to get proof that alien life forms visited Earth, while at once this structure discovers a strange little creature attacking in the backpack and go home with him to the small American town of Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is the proof he is looking for and for some inexplicable reason he decides to leave it at home as he goes to share his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast food businessman Cecil Watterman (again Harvey Korman) steal the creature so his brother will get nothing out of it, but his idiot step-son Dude (Jon Stafford) fights against it and does it a knife in pieces but the individual parts grow back into small separate creatures that proceed to cause much turmoil among the citizens ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Bettina Hirsch this must be one of the worst horror comedies ever, if not the worst. Lance Smith's screenplay is so unpleasant that it's painful. Every trick of Munchies misses the target for the proverbial mile, I doubt the humor in this piece of shit even appeals to pre-teens. As far as I'm concerned, there's nothing even funny or even fun in the Munchies. Even the basic story is crap, just happen to find this creature that turns without any explanation of what it is, because no one has ever seen it before, how can I learn English so fast and how you learn to drive etc. the whole thing is a big cheat by Gremlins (1984) with none of the elements that made that film so beautiful. The characters are moral, the stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing an embarrassing wig and fake mustache and his head of air, his wife Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are simply embarrassing and ridiculous, I challenge anyone to find something fun and rancid. Basically Munchies fails spectacularly in being a comedy or a horror and ends up being, yes you guessed it, it sucks. <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch was obviously working on a low budget here and showing, the whole thing takes place in two houses, the desert, some caves and a miniature golf course. This is an economic and incompetent film. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really horrible, their dolls having no movement unless someone outside the camera pulls a rope attached to his arm. I cannot stress how bad the effects are, these things would not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as demonstrated by me and him yesterday!). Total incompetence to the end, this film sucks. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is terrible, bad special effects, poor production design, garbage sets and well, only everything is crap. Acting is bad through and through, from cops to Korman who has two roles both of which prove he can't act and it's not fun. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a really bad film that fails in everything that tries to make it happen, of course look at it if you want, I won't stop you but I simply don't tell you that you haven't been warned! My advice would be to watch Gremlins again, but the decision is yours!
