Most would agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. I'm not an expert on Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of the X-Men and I definitely approved the now widely known portrait of Hugh Jackman of worn Logan. I liked the first X-Men, I found the sequel too heavy and messy and I liked the third as a comic book entertainment. For all three movies, I probably liked Jackman more than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​creating an "origins" -movie on Wolverine could very well end up being a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we focus on one character, I thought there might be a movie that achieves what I found the second failed film - being a fairly complex and character-driven comic adventure. <br /> <br /> The reason why Wolverine- the movie fails not because the competition is tougher after The Dark Knight. It is not even due to a development of the plot that is beyond obvious and rudimentary - although this is certainly not good - no, it is because the film does not even seem to try. For starters, this does not qualify as good entertainment. There is something in the action in this film that comes out very, very automatically. With no special effects or major suspense elements, and when an event will make you predict the next five, it almost looks like a Uwe Boll movie, which mimics an action / adventure movie concept you've seen a dozen times before. Of course, nothing in this film is absolutely as horrible as a Bolls piece ** but when everyone talks about clichés as if they were part of a chain of events that is so standard, at least make the connection and that's definitely bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is an even bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, this makes you forgive a lot of holes in the plot and stupidity in the characters. I think you find the most fundamental flaw in the title itself. I mean, "Origins". Really? What do the people behind this film think about that title? What do they mean ?? Want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All of them! The civil war, the first and second world wars and also Vietnam. Why did they do it? Still unknown In the end, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "Such as?" you ask. I don't know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" ask again. I just said I don't know !! The film does not explain. It is evil, all right! "Yes, but ... you know, 'origins'" ... Yes, well, it's an origin! I mean, duh! However, they end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers. Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets old enough and leaves his brother. For six years he is a happy woodcutter with a loved one, who ends up being a little helpless when Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yeaaah ... but ... whyyyy?" - Oh shut up! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a group of evil scientists who make him a metal-covered war animal. He takes care of all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the fighting ends with his erased memory, the beginning of X-Men the first movie. <br /> <br /> There. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back cover of the DVD. The real movie won't tell you anything else. With no noteworthy action scenes, no good hero, villain or characters in general (the lines of my couch audience: fat dress! Black token boy! Oh, I'll give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie ... be Gambit ...? mmhm, yes well ... uh-huh, right), not a line of memorable dialogues and zero lines to cover a T-shirt with, to which are added the common stupid things that ruin the plausibility in general that you could usually forgive ...... well, that sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will check this, or have already done so. There is no way to stop it. But if you liked the X-Men movies for no other reason than to be well made and fun, review them and don't do favors trying to look for the origins where there are none.
