Soulless milking of the cash deductible. Generic superhero shot. CGI showcase. "A series of unlikely events" by Gavin Hood. The combinatorial iteration of mutant combat scenes put together by a silly exposition that justifies the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I don't expect Shakespeare here, but the cliché at the minute meter was off the charts: primal scream as I looked to the sky and knelt on the murdered girl. Renegade military commander Predictable double crosses. Revenge was looking for a killed lover. Deleted memories An evil character who discovers morality at the last minute. Wrong failures to perform nemesis after defeating them in melee. Lover not really dead. Lover actually acts as a spy for the heroine's archenemy. Girlfriend / spy actually falls by the protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to save kidnapped family members. The evil mind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees. Elderly couples take care of the tired hero and are killed for their problems. Some deaths were avoided when third people arrived on the scene before the coup de grace. Hero who reluctantly joins the secret government agency. Abandonment of the elite team in protest against the massacre of innocents. Scientists are unable to control the indestructible killing machine of their creation. The government's "obsolete but lovable" secret weapon kills a smarter but heartless designed successor. Hero moves away from the wreck and casually lights up a trail of gasoline behind him. After everyone has surrendered, the flat heart rate monitor takes the pulse. The evil mind explains plans for a hero who no longer sees it as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because he is "better than this". The character of transparent comic relief makes hilarious exaggerations and unusual comments. The cheerful psychopath delights in furious murderous shootings. Almost indestructible Goliaths hurl one another through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal. The man sends dozens of cannons brandishing enemies with nothing but skillful sword games. Common sense and laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. Antagonist who uses the murder of a loved one as a justification for a misguided crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but it's just exhausting. If you're over twelve and don't live in Mom's basement, there's probably nothing for you. Quite often, it's not too far from superhero movies so I discount everything I've written if you never get enough of it.
