Yet ANOTHER film about a group of individuals less intelligent than a road trip who move away from their original travel route for a shortcut or, in this case, to visit an attraction for side shows. The results, as expected, are not good at all, as this particular collateral show is home to a group of moody and inanimate residents who have been evaded by inmates from previous years. The father, who apparently is a professional photographer, has only to stop and take pictures of the place, only to discover that it is still inhabited. The various members of the family leave to see the various attractions, only to be scared. Thinking he did it safely on their way, the van explodes (surprise!), Leaving them to seek refuge and housing in the small town, which we find is inhabited exclusively by freaks (surprise!). <br /> <This film takes place as planned, with the family persecuted and killed by monsters. There are some clashes in the part of families, but these are probably among the worst scenes in the film, since they are poorly executed. There is nothing remotely original here, unless you contain the entirely inappropriate soundtrack that is reproduced during particular scenes that completely ruin the atmosphere and atmosphere of the film. The acting is bad as I've seen in quite some time by all the actors involved (it's pretty bad when the cast came out of the cast of "Camp Blood"). The special effects are bad and the ending made me want. However, despite all the negatives, I liked this movie a bit, which certainly has a "so bad is good". I did the whole movie and was also pleasantly amused, once the ridiculous storyline, the terrible acting and the special cheese effects were over, even if the ending made me feel cheated and angry, especially because the film is not so great and the ending makes the whole movie useless. In conclusion, I can list countless films that, if you have seen them, have seen this, the difference is that most of these films are better, even if it is not a complete waste, this film is rather ugly and not far from frightening. <br /> <br /> My Grade: D
