It's official, folks - Hou Hsiao-Hsien doesn't have a thought in his pretty little head. Wondering why he chose Shu Qi as his muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is it Qi?) does not appear in this. Instead we get a Yo Hitoto snaggletoothed, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by his song at the end, he's a pop star, just like the girl you need at Rockin 'Curry is "an actriss" - and a Tadanobu wasted Asano, usually a quality indicator, which is required to do nothing, but to stand up and look like a bizarre Asian hipster and is too old to handle it. <br /> <br /> The philosophy of Hou? Life is limbo, nothing big, feeling it and moving on. I'd like to do it but Hou doesn't make us feel anything in Cafe Lumiere besides a bland photographic essay of Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the amazing observation that people are ships passing by at night, no, they make the trains that pass the day , without ever connecting, every time you launch towards your destination, usually some variation of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if you are lucky. Yikes. Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most rarefied, technically made and mesmerizing films of all time. How could the same director who created the opening film of that film, which sees about twelve actors conversing at machine-gun speed for about ten consecutive minutes - an impossible task as a director - getting trapped making this porn movie of sub reality - Laconic jummusch for two films in a row now? Millennium Mambo can be a dead weight, but at least it has two big strokes, shots that suggest the true vocation of Hou as the cinematic equivalent of Odilon Redon: Those shots are the sex scene with the arithmically flashing lights and the initial shot of Shu Qi floating along a blue corridor. His M.O. while making Cafe Lumiere seems to have been to remove the two fantastic shots of Millennium Mambo to make it more consistent. Be the judge if this seems appealing. <br /> <br /> You don't need to refine - you can't perfect the idea of ​​limbo besides Flowers of Shanghai. It needs to expand, to swell outward, to free the inner expressionist and the revitalizer of the genre that is wasted so foolishly by cliché minimalism. It's time for him to do a live-action remake of Akira or something. This type of art film in which the actors should be authentic because they are held faceless on long shots and speak in monosyllables, is finally safe, ghettoized and stagnant like the Hollywood action blockbuster. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who cannot speak? It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop babbling.) Then again, considering that only 2005 brought big-budget films like different and full of ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, it is now safe to say that even Michael Bay has surpassed Hou, and this is really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that, even though Hou is in his 50s, frankly it seems to me like he hasn't even started. There are a couple of moments in this film that show that the promise is still there, like a bit of a bad mood at the beginning of the bookstore when the room becomes blurred due to a bloody red sunset while Hitoto talks about children with the faces of the elves. But whatever the fear that holds it, no matter how comfortable it is, it is to always do the same film and be greeted by the naive and pretentious as the savior of the cinema, Hou, your time as the beloved of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and everything else film festivals are almost over and people are getting closer to your cunning. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two or three more words: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you're cribbing from both these boring scams that are about to go up their dark tunnels forever. You risk your jersey on a science fiction epic, sell, shame, but leave social criticism to people who have no eye and heart. Let your pictorial talent express itself fully. Otherwise you will never get out of limbo.
