I am a late relative of the transcendent work of filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully minimized views of Japanese life, especially in the post-Second World War era, illuminate universal truths. Having now seen many of his landmark films such as "Late Spring" of 1949 and "Tokyo Story" of 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly peculiar gift in conveying the range of feelings arising from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narratives and subtle images. It is the acute aspiration of the Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien to pay tribute to Ozu in his centenary with this generally unnerving 2003 film. Among the co-writers T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien appears to have the right images but does not capture the necessary emotional burden that would have made glacial stimulation tolerable. <br /> <br /> The story concerns Yôko, a young Japanese writer who studies the life of the mid-20th century Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of character set-up, she reveals to her father and stepmother that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, coffeehouse friend Yôko Hajime, who runs a used bookstore, has an obsession with trains and seems likely to be in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this subtle plot with a series of shots required to take extra lengths while the frame composition changes. There are also long periods of silence and an abundance of scenes with trains. While these techniques are consistent with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to immerse himself in the psyche of the characters as Ozu did with the utmost fluidity and the least theatricality, in particular, the situation of Yôko seems rather not binding in the drama scheme presented and his parents' reaction is overly passive to arouse much interest. In fact, the whole film has an atmosphere of exhaustion, which makes the film endless. <br /> <br /> The performances are discreet even if difficult to remember. The J-pop music star Yo Hitoto brings naturalness to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is a sort of figure like Hajime. The rest of the characters barely register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Director of photography Lee Ping-Bing offers an expert work even if he violates a cardinal rule of Ozu's films, not keeping the camera stable during filming. Hitoto speaks-sings the very popular pop song used in the credits, "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes a one-hour French production documentary, "Métro Lumière", which actually helps provide some of the contexts for Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It includes excerpts from Ozu's films, in particular "Equinox Flower", to show parallels with this film, although surprisingly neither "Tokyo Story" nor "Early Summer" is mentioned, the obvious basis for some scenes and situations. UPS. There are also modified interview clips from Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the trailer for the film.
