CREEPSHOW 2 is the unfortunate sequel of the original (overrated) by George Romero, CREEPSHOW. A few sequels to a Romero film that is not directed by Romero himself has filled some great shoes, mainly because of Romero's fans out there who think they are God. I didn't care much for the first movie and pretty funny, I didn't he cared a lot about the sequel. The film series had so much potential but it was short lived because both films were less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it had only three stories (excluding the middle story), and since the first story sucked beyond imagination, it left only the possibility of almost half of the film being * really good. I saw CS 2 in the cinema and the first segment was a real moan. Anything dramatic with George 'I can not act' Kennedy is automatically convicted and the story of Indian Statue was too drunk and simply did not belong to this sequel. So, after a really trivial and boring start, only two other stories remained to reverse the fiasco of the aborted beginning and unfortunately the other two stories were not big enough for me to forget the first story. THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER are quite successful, moderately because even if the other two segments have their moments, they have fallen flat. The last two stories are basically stretched out for too long. It's not that I wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end quickly, but both of the good ideas found in those stories were nullified by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat when the segments had to be more energized, plus irregular and with more pronounced endings. Furthermore, if the last two stories had not been developed to fill the film or if all three segments were shorter with better editing and direction, they could have added a much needed fourth story to the group. Only have three padded segments made for a boring party. <br /> <br /> Acting and writing in both the THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments range from terrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. Probably his best moment on screen apart from the role of Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and in DEATH ON THE NILE. But even sometimes his role is difficult to understand because of useful direction and blurred history. Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker? If the body of the hitchhiker was found by other people on the street, what was he when he attacked Chiles? Was it a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body eventually leave the presence of other people who found him dead to attack Chiles? All this is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the ending is rather boring and without incident. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous story of THE RAFT, well, the acting is mainly on the terrible side and none of the characters is funny or interesting. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors had performed alone. None of the actors is convincing in its specific roles. Paul Satterfield seems smarter than the stupid one he plays and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing as the typical bitchy slut. She looks too shy. The same could be said with the other two who interpret "simple" boys. The idea of ​​the killer oil spill is interesting and disturbing, but not well executed. There must have been a fifth character in the story, perhaps a homeless or a ranger who lurks around the lake and knows the slick and could have been the alter ego of the watery monster. As disturbing as the oil spill is, it does not represent a convincing "character". And the way the story ends, everything seems useless. With the exception of the few titillating aspects that always seem to make things boring worthwhile, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in a theater was basically a waste of time and money. CS 2 is more rental material than you pay to watch on the big screen.
