We were all there, sitting with some friends watching a bad movie, laughing at how terribly it was done and how poor acting was; in the end the end credits turn and everyone looks around and says "how is it possible that a movie was made? Who paid to make this movie a movie?" Well, Jigsaw is not that kind of movie, instead of asking how this garbage was budgeted you wonder why the producers were fired from a cannon towards the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is probably the worst movie ever made or conceived, this comes from a guy who saw Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The film begins in a sort of university course, what kind of class I'm not sure of, but imagines it's an art class. Now these little dogs have been given a final design by their idiot teacher, five of them were given pieces of a mannequin and told to design it the way they see fit, and since there are only five other students of the class they receive and automatic A, oddly enough, there are only six students in this class, so the only goth chic gets a free A, good for her! A week passes and the five students, as well as a teacher, plus a hillbilly husband meet in a bar to discuss and complete their project, put the pieces together, head, arms, legs and inform the others why they chose their specific designs , now these creative geniuses have fully exploited the week, one puts a saw blade in the left hand, the other gets a shotgun, the right leg gets a pile of broken ceramic glued and the left some magazine clippings, the head is the worst to get a camera in the eye, wing Hellraiser 3, with some bottle rockets for a fashionable hawk. After everyone has spilled their liver on their specific projects, the now drunk teacher says they must burn the dummy, now justly called Jigsaw. Now up to this point it has been a normal show of horrible cinema, bad acting, dialogues and everything else, but it was still quite plausible, yet, after Jigsaw caught fire, things take a bad turn ... Jigsaw soul. To ask? I have no idea, it does it only because the writers couldn't think of a realistic way to make two kilograms of molded plastic come alive (Come on guys, lighting bolt, a traveling voodoo priest, whatever might have worked). So, once Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new skills to walk very slowly and with the use of his fingers modeled to unleash chaos. Before he kills the good guy with a barbed wire, this guy who was going to light it with a hot chic decides to drink beer on the ground in the distance is more important than what's in front of him. With him he left Jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives an old man a heart attack with a slight twist of the head, then sees an ugly woman from the south and then her husband hillbilly; Jigsaw then kills the nerdy guy with a headless trick. Did I mention that Jigsaw was taking body parts from his victims to create a human version of himself? No! Well, it's not important that they don't even show his gruesome creation, they don't even show him to steal a torso from his poor creators (maybe he was trying to create In Living Color's main detective). So, after these five have been killed, the teacher and the nerdy girl are all those who stay, the teacher understands that Jigsaw just needs a head to finish his masterpiece, since he is not yet interested in that torso thing. Therefore, being a coward, he is the teacher who binds the girl in sacrifice to Jigsaw, who comes only to go to the teacher with his electric saw that is not even connected. This is where the film of fear ends, we don 'You can even see the teacher getting killed or what happens to the girl, not to mention an explanation of why Jigsaw came to life or how he cleaned up after being burnt. This film is so shameful that it has been seen, it is only 71 minutes so it is a small part of your day; For memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thanks Total Total! The judge reigned, look at Jigsaw only if your plans to cut your genitals seem to be played.
