This film really disappointed me. The acting is atrocious. Unbelievable. And it's about the actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors stage a Passion and, in turn, begin to live the lives of the characters they play. I've been watching a lot of movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first one I haven't seen in a long time. I felt that I didn't need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems, this "modernization" of the Gospels is sacrilegious or enlightening. I can't talk to anyone about this because I didn't grow up in the Christian church. That said, I grew up in the United States and live in an increasingly Christian culture. I'm quite curious about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for better or for worse. I haven't seen the version by Mel Gibson, but I imagine that those who like that will like it, apart from the most conservative. I just hope this was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these reviews praise the direction of Arcand and in particular cinematography. I didn't like either of them. The film itself is quite modest and beloved. I didn't believe that the characters and people of the characters had never been involved in their lives on the screen. The game inside the game is very dated and, I think, would not bring its weight into a production in real time. But this is beyond the point. What I really needed to make it work would be a stronger development of the characters and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions the film would like to talk about. And the musical choices are obvious and not very original. <br /> <br /> There have been two examples of this that come easily to mind. First, there is a re-enactment of the parable of Jesus that guides money lenders from the temple: the main actor, who fell for the woman who will play Maddalena and who is also a model and dancer, gets angry that must weaken auditions for an advertising spot (with a wicked producer and a lot of panting men in the audience) with his pants off. It destroys the place and pursues them all. I imagine this is the level that the film wants to achieve. The love story between these two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene takes place as a representation of Death of a high school salesman, that is not good. Please stop hitting me in the head with this bombastic "meaning". The other is the relationship between the other female protagonist and the priest who asked them to do the play and who, in the end, turns against them and betrays them to the corrupt Church today. Why. Because she sleeps with this guy. "It brings him so much pleasure and me so little pain." Ah, the holy whore and the lovely old coot. It seems to be enough for Arcadia to mean, but it is not worth enriching and animating these characters. They are going through the movements and I am reaching the eject button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to discredit me as bored, tired or just not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see the Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, delivered as an amateur and deceptive charade. Feel free to affirm all your preconceived ideas and to see every shred of artistic integrity abandoned for a monotonous din. But don't say I didn't warn you.
