It's hard to say if Noonan and Marshall are trying to mimic Abbott and Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley and Larry, or some other comic team, but whoever they were trying to imitate, failed miserably. There's just a faint laugh in this incredibly stupid image. Noonan (who helped write the alleged "script") and Marshall have no chemistry whatsoever; It seems that Marshall is looking for a Dean Martin type of coldness for the devil, but he doesn't even come close. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but being funny wasn't sure. It seems that you think of waving your arms and legs a lot and staring stupidly at everyone and everything is the height of the play on the screen; perhaps for him it is, but not for the public. I remember seeing it in theaters when it came out. He was at the bottom of a double account with a three-year Jeff Chandler western ("Pillars of the Sky", which was pretty good) and a Three Stooges short ("Sappy Bullfighters", which was not), and about 20 minutes in this thing all the audience guys were throwing stuff on the screen; he was so incredibly funny that he wasn't even up to the worst of the Three Stooges shorts. I stayed around for the end (not that I wanted to, but my parents didn't have to come and get me before the film ended), and when this mess ended, I was the only one in the theater. I saw it again about fifteen years ago on the cable one night, and I looked around to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse The only thing that was happening was Julie Newmar, who was smoking as always; apart from her, this thing has absolutely NOTHING to recommend it. They too play the Japanese soldiers, and the way they do it makes Jerry Lewis' infamous interpretation of Japanese characters like thick lens mentally deficient mentors and chatterboxes, who look benign by comparison. Marshall continued to host "Hollywood Squares", and Noonan continued to try his hand at film production, but most of them were almost bad. Not entirely, though, since I don't think anything is as bad as this. A really pathetic film waste. Do not waste time.
