"Kings and Queen" is an inflated French drama that unfolds for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes without any recognizable point or purpose. <br /> <br /> The film features two stories that seem unrelated at the beginning but that eventually connect with each other in the middle of the film. The first concern Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days to live. The other story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist who is placed - unjustly, he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling on separate tracks for a while, these two narrative threads eventually come together when we learn that Ismael is a former lover of Nora and the man who chose to adopt his son from a previous, tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more attention and a considerable amount of rationalization, "Kings and Queen" may have been a powerful and compelling drama about modern relationships. It certainly has moments of enormous intuition and emotional power, and the performances are, for the most part, complex and moving. But overall, the film unfolds and upsets to the point that, frankly, it begins to devastate our patience and to soon exhaust its welcome. Even more distressing is the fact that, even if we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people, we don't really know what to do with any of them when the show is finally over. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a passionate diatribe against his daughter's character that simply doesn't match the woman we've been watching for over two hours. Nora is certainly not Mother Teresa (then, again, who is she?), But she certainly does not deserve the invective launched against her by her own father. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, a little bit absorbed at times, but bad enough to have her father who wanted to be able to give her his cancer and make her die in his place? I don't think so. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this film is simply operating at a level of depth that I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would have difficulty fully explaining their purpose here. It is a well-made and pretentious acting film that takes the viewer on a long and rambling journey through a sea of ​​personal crisis, a journey that leaves him no wiser or more enlightened at the end than it was at the beginning.
