"Rois et Reine" is a shocking chaos of a film that will probably irritate as many viewers as possible. It focuses in turn on the former lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) while each facing a serious crisis in their now separate lives. While Nora's story is played directly and is dark in tone, Ismael's is mainly played for laughter, although it's not particularly fun. Nora's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of his father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and Ismael for his sudden incarceration in a psychiatric hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are just two of the males who shaped Nora's life, and in turn were shaped by her, the most important being her first deceased lover, Pierre and their young son Elias. While past and present events are played for the public, and ex-lovers find themselves once again in the lives of others, it gradually emerges that Nora's personal grip on her life story may be less reliable than the first time. <Br /> <br /> Cult director Arnaud Desplechin has created a considerable strangeness here, one of which has garnered important acclaim in France. Voluntarily avoids consolidated narrative conventions and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach had been founded on a coherent central idea or central unifying theme, it could have worked, but in the end it is not clear what the film of Desplechin actually is. The heavy allusions to Greek mythology and Freudian theory are evidently full of meaning, but, at least for this uneducated viewer, they remain less useful in illuminating and interpreting the lives of the characters. Other times the treatment ends up in kitsch but the use of the "Moon River" as a motive for the theme of the film suggests that this is probably intentional. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** I suspect that an important theme of the film is the not very original observation that the way we see ourselves can differ radically from how others see us or even from how we think others see us. This idea is evidently represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation contained in Louis's secret diary, but unfortunately both events seem to be completely disconnected from what has otherwise been revealed to the public of Pierre and Louis's respective relationships with Nora. This seems like a hoax from Desplechin, as if he were pushing the idea about us in a non-mediated form rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative. One or two dark and surreal touches imply the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of people stripped naked fearfully, but again these are felt more allegedly intruding than the technique of film production rather than eruptions from a deeper reservoir of inherent truth to history. In fact, despite all its heavy hints at depth, the characters are curiously underdeveloped and unfunded, as if they function more like figures for the many ideas of their creator about people rather than full-fledged real people. Much of the detail of their lives seems arbitrarily applied rather than organic. For example, Ismael, as we are constantly reminded, is a viola player, but more than two hours pass before we actually see him or hear him play, and the effect of his instrument or profession chosen on his personality is not never processed. So it could also be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain maniacal charm to Ismael, but in the end he is healthy, but I found Devos sickly and monotonous (which may be intentional, however) like the elusive Nora. Meanwhile Jean-Paul Roussillon in the role of Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston in the role of his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as the psychologically wounded but rebellious sinologist who makes friends in the hospital, has the greatest impact among secondary actors. There is also Catherine Deneuve, although her role is little more than a self-referential cameo. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, "Rois et Reine" is a true acquired taste. If you can't push the buttons, it is very likely that Desplechin's unruly and thriving approach can frustrate and exasperate you even if you somehow continue to watch.
