This is another of those characteristics of "human against insects / eco-horror"; a theme that was popular in the late 1970s. Only you can't really call it horror. There is no suspense and no gruesome event. In other words: this film is rather lame. It's not that it's really bad or something; it's just very boring A construction site near a hotel discovers a large ant nest. Later we learn that, probably due to different types of pesticides used in the past, their bite became poisonous. Some people are bitten and rushed to the hospital and it takes centuries for the hospital residents to understand what is happening. Robert Foxworth understands this first and then you can see him go crazy with a digging machine for what seem like several hours. Then they run into the house, waiting to be saved. And, man, you should see all the efforts they make to save them. I won't ruin too much, but at some point they even use a big helicopter. All the time I was watching this, I sat there thinking, "Come on, people, you have all the shoes on." Run out of the building, I'm sure a group of ants won't reach you. "It's all rather ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, many films of crawling ants are shown throughout the film. Ants in the garden Ants in the garbage Ants in the kitchen Ants on the roof Ants in the bedroom Ants in the sink And the best part: the ants crawling on people's faces while the actors breathe through the straws, but when you see groups of ants in larger shots, they really look like black rice, the scenographers glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came towards the end. No, it has nothing to do with a turn in the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy appeared as chief firefighter Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film is called HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR but the box-art of my copy has read ANTS and the title during the opening titles was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. Here it is, now, since this is a TV movie from the 70s, I will be new extremely mild in the my final evaluation. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, another 1976 "humans against insects" TV movie was much better than this. I also feel I have to go back and add some points to his assessment after seeing ANTS. Lack of suspense, action, chills, shock and creepiness, the only thing that will remain after seeing ANTS is an annoying itch.
