The only thing I liked about this movie is that there was enough RIGHT to keep me in my place until the end ... I kept thinking that maybe in the NEXT scene things would freeze ... Alas ... < br /> <br /> Those who like Gus Van Sant's films, especially later ones, will probably like this one. Personally, I find that van Sant's films are boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was an executive producer on this film, so it's no surprise that the film was made by him, though I personally liked it much more than the last efforts of van Sant (eg Elephant). <br /> <br /> Contrary to many here, I didn't think the film was difficult to understand or disconnected, I thought above all that it was a film that wanted to portray a certain mood - the mood of a teenager who moves slowly in the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are barely visible if at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that "the mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but that the atmosphere depicted here is, in my opinion, wrongly chosen for the story that is supposed to be happening. The dreamlike quality, so closely tied to nature, is magnificently captured here, but it is a state of mind that belongs much more to a much younger child, one who still lets himself be completely involved in seeing nature unfold (waves on a beach, herbs and flowers, spiders etc.). The rhythm of the film reminds me of my summers when I was about eight or nine. There is a LANGUOR in the film that is in opposition to what SHOULD be a very tense time in an adolescent life. When you're involved in a crush on someone - or you're bullied at school - you're all BUT languid! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - first when Logan drops his shopping and his mother throws herself into shape. The frustrations of an adult dealing with a klutzy kid - especially with no father present - seemed real to me. <br /> <br /> The second, and ONLY part of the film with some tension, were the scenes in which "Leah" (Logan's re-creation of himself) calls Rodeo and tries to seduce him into the sex of the phone . The first reason I liked it was that the person who made the voiceover of "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole film. (It made me think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... even the voice sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally believable among children. And what I particularly liked is the fact that Rodeo just pretended to play ... it was perhaps the best moment in the film - finally! - we had some character development. <br /> <br /> All in all, a little out of place effort ... we'll have to see what he does in his next film before he can really talk much about the director's possible talents. Meanwhile, if he can get away from van Sant's influence, he could make a world of good. Who is this director anyway - one of the toys of van Sant's boyfriend?
