Simply horrible slasher, modeled by the type I OVEN YOU LAST SUMMER type of fodder, has affluent university students who spend spring break in a Florida condominium murdered one by one. A failure to ignite in every conceivable category from suspense correctly constructed to the sequences of death executed ... nothing is managed correctly and the characters leave little more than caricatures that are rooted to see decimated as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (The Curse of the Corpse, I Eat Your Skin), of all people, executive product, co-scripted and protagonist as a priest in a key role whose relationship with the killer I imagine means something about why he is psychotic. The revelation of the killer is managed in a clumsy and ineffective way, probably it does not surprise the soul that looks at it. There are a lot of attempts to blow up, with a character that shoots out to scare their friend, who couldn't even make some economic thrills, because they are so tepidly calculated. Most attacks occur off-screen with bloody cuts in the throat (or pools) that are the only real manifestation of violence. The prolonged ending, in which the killer goes on and on with the actor who desperately tries to make his villain devilish and insane as much as possible, is embarrassing and tense. There is not a single positive resulting from this cliché and a boring exercise with the rather cute cast that makes little effort to overcome their one-dimensional roles. And, for pity's sake, they could at least afford to see the beheading of Joey Lawrence or something to resist the pain of sitting in the middle of this pile of garbage for 90 minutes dying. <br /> <br /> Dorie Barton, as the girl of the final heroine, Beth Morgan, who seems to be obsessed with the killer, could not be more indifferent and disinterested (.. oh, she was in rehab, and takes the pills for his nightmares: an exhibition so intriguing). Chad Allen, hired against the type as a very intimidating "friend" of the group (.. who happens to disappear from the film, giving the idea of ​​being the first victim), has a difficult hill to climb with his role, then steep eventually stumbles, rolling uncontrollably with no end in sight. Jeff Conaway, who needs some money, I think, has the beleaguered role of the FBI agent, whose murder of his daughter drives him to look for the killer, taking him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual "asshole" role as a smart Florida chief cop who often has his nose in his mouth with Conaway's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question ... not really. Because once you get the answer, you wonder why you worried about it anyway.
