The film began with Wheeler sneaking into his girlfriend's apartment. His aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person too talented for this film) didn't like Wheeler - a feeling to which I can easily relate. The aunt decided to take this sweet young lady abroad to take her away from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king. At about the same time, Woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and was named king. So, when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight, but they refused because they are already friends - which deeply disappointed people, since killing and replacing kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I am a big fan of Hollywood's golden age comedy, the era of silence in the 1940s. I have seen and reviewed hundreds, if not thousands of these films and despite my love and appreciation for these films I have never been able to understand the attractiveness of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comic team that could be as bad as the Ritz Brothers! Despite having been very successful in their brief careers in Hollywood (struck down by Robert Woolsey's untimely death), I can't help but notice that pretty much every other successful team has done the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, there were many elements of this film reminiscent of the Marx Brother film, DUCK SOUP, yet the NOCI CRACKED never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a stupid and very funny game. Sometimes, Woolsey spoke a little like Groucho, but his jokes never have jokes that are not even funny! In fact, he just seemed to be agitated unnecessarily. His only amusing quality was that he seemed stupid, certainly not enough reason to put it on film. Also, Wheeler had the comedic charm of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! A missed opportunity was the old Vaudeville routine later made popular by Abbott and Costello as "who's on the front line", which was done in this movie but had no spark of wit or timing. In fact, shortly after starting their talk, they just finished the routine - so prematurely that you were frustrated. I knew that "those in first place" had been around for many years and used by many teams, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey make a good impression and make their own touch. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another movie sub-par from this duo. While I have to admit that I liked some of their moderately good films (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave to 6's on IMDb), this was an important endurance test to complete - something I find happens to everyone too often when I watch Wheeler and Woolsey movies. Where was all the humor ?!
