Final score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back", I had to do a great kick with Eliza Dushku when I rented this movie. 'Soul Survivors' is a garbage "psychological thriller", dressed as a shabby porn movie, to the point of having a masked killer who stirs a cast of promising youngsters like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and the nice star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, ridiculously battered as a priest. The film, born from an idea by writer / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a mutant offspring of "Open Your Eyes" or "Vanilla Sky" and films in which a character (and the audience) is captured in a world of delusion caused by an accident / death. The film continues to churn out perplexing images and leaves us in a state of confusion throughout the execution time until this alternative reality will finally be resolved. I don't think these films are funny, by their very nature, to begin with, but "SS" is a cheap junk cinema, in any way you affect it. The graphics, the script, the acting and the attempt at all originality are all irreverent thoughts of films like this. Furthermore, it is PG-13 so it does not even provide the gore or the T & A to support it as a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version is domesticated). I had heard that the film contained some "hot" shower scenes between Dushku and Sagemiller. When the movie collapsed in front of me and all the other entertainment seemed lost, I found myself waiting patiently for the shower scene - at least I would get something from this. Then it arrives: the two girls color their shirts, jump into the shower fully dressed and rub it. That's all. Did people think it was hot? "Soul Survivors" is one of those boring and dead films so weak and inept that it is difficult to have NO sensitivity towards it. It emits nothing and is not worth writing. In the end it leaves us empty. The Carpenter finale is a mess of flashing lights and pounding sounds and this is probably the most lively part. No doubt it will go around as a late-night bet on the United States or the Sci-Fi Channel, due to the low cost and PG-13 rating - and it's probably best for that.
