The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avert the catastrophe by shooting a bomb in its fiery heart: yes, it is Solar Crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which burned a huge fragment of change that never appears on the screen in 1990 and barely returned to buy a Happy Meal for every cast in Japan, before going directly to the video (remember them?) in a reissued version credited to an Alan Smithee. The plot is practically the same as Sunshine: suicide mission to the Sun, saboteur on board, logical drift - except that this time they are not trying to turn the sun back on but to detonate a solar glow prematurely before it can reach the earth. With a talking bomb. Dubbed by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so the crew will take it more seriously ?? As the cast also includes Jack Palance in his most downright OTT, Charlton Heston in his stiffest and top-line Tim Matheson in his most anonymous, the unforgettable Michael Berryman of Hills Have Eyes (you won't remember the name, but you REMEMBER that face) and Peter Boyle as the industrialist out to sabotage the mission because, er, if the world succeeds it will be saved but its share price will go down, you'd expect it if not a laugh at least a minute at every roll. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: a boring one. The fate of the world may be in the balance, but the entire film is shot with a total lack of urgency or momentum at the same slow and steady pace. There is the low-key and we go through it, but here the cast doesn't even do it. Instead, they stand still watching the screens almost in the dark most of the time. You keep hoping that Paul Williams's talking bomb will suffer an existential crisis, but instead the film ... it's there, doing almost nothing. Literally. Is this one of the most inert films ever made? so inert that if Clive Owen had been chosen, he would have seemed rather lively by comparison. Even an attempt at self-explanatory suicide repair fails to arouse interest, since it mainly involves the cast, who is still looking at the screens near the darkness. Even when the bomb goes prematurely into the countdown before being launched, do they deal with the new crisis? standing still watching the screens in the nearby darkness as if they had all the time in the world. The Merchant-Ivory movies have better action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not much more vivid on Earth where the film spends most of its time with Matheson's son / Chuck Corin Nemec's nephew trying to get a spaceport passage through an arid landscape with the crazy artist of the Palance desert "looking for that note out there while the chicks are still digging me" while they are robbed rejecting from a repudiation of Mad Max and complete evil companies that trace it so they can do it ?? Release it on a beautiful beach. Don't expect logic if you haven't already guessed it. Best moment? A little girl in a bar describing Jack Palance as "An old man with white hair and a face similar to rotten skin", even though Chucky Baby pulls out the villain's plane with a bazooka shot from his side by an office window or beating a fly that its caps are welcome field bites in a movie that for 99% of the running time offers a lot of nothing. The slightly longer original cut of Richard C. Sarafian who played in Japan offers another six minutes, but cries to be reduced to 17 more manageable minutes: the director of Vanishing Point must have thanked his lucky stars when the reissue gave him an excuse to take his name from the movie. A film so ugly that it is not good, and painfully little fun with it
