I didn't think it was absolutely horrible as some people apparently do. It goes like one of those bad taste horror movies that you could waste time in the middle of the night when you can't sleep, although I admit it's not of better quality. It's true that acting isn't great - I thought Marianne McAndrew, like Cathy Beck, for example, came across a total lack of passion - but the main problem is that many aspects of the plot didn't really make sense to me. The Becks are on the road described by John (Stewart Moss) as part of the job and partly the honeymoon they never had (now that it's romantic!) The part of the job has something to do with the touring caves, which in itself sounds strange (how does it belong to a tour group through a cave refer to someone's work?) but becomes a stranger when we find out that it is a doctor doing research in the area of ​​preventive medicine (eh? That connection he has completely lost.) Bitten by a bat while he is inside the cave, he begins to transform into what presumably must have been a human-bat hybrid (although when we finally see him in the trick he looks much more like an ape-man of some kind ) and a murderous madness begins. Here's another problem. The first killing is a nurse in a hospital. At first, everyone thinks his death was an accident. The second murder is of a young girl, who is described as having a torn throat. The sheriff (Michael Pataki) tells us that his death was similar to that of the nurse (which means that the throat was torn?). How could anyone think it was an accident?) And what is the sheriff? It looks like nothing until the scene in Cathy's hotel room, when she takes a gulp of liquor and then almost violently, after which everything seems to return to normal. He is saddled with an ending that has left almost everything unsolved, and also with one of the most irritating theme songs I've ever heard in a movie. Even for all this, there was something here that kept me from looking. Sometimes pure generosity can make you spend an hour and a half. Pretty bad, yes - but not as terrible as some say.
