"The Bat People" is a proud inhabitant of IMDb Bottom 100. Sometimes the film suddenly vanishes from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new films with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentaries about American Idol stars, but always returns in reliable way sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike most crap on that list, "The Bat People" is a bad legitimate movie and deserves to be there, regardless of media influences or the buzz of the internet! This is almost not the worst film ever made, since the basic concept certainly has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it is still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely superfluous filling footage and gigantic gaps in continuity, yet the main characters still remain strangers throughout the film. In addition to a sensible screenplay, does the film also lack spectacular sequences of killings and the effects of makeup? even if the courtesy of a young Stan Winston ?? they are ridiculously inept and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The film's title is inaccurate, as "people" refers to a number in plural while the story revolves around a Bat Person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this film and he too has a real Bat-cave and a Bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces a young couple on their honeymoon weekend exploring the caves. They leave a group of guided tours and are bitten by a bat while trying to protect his wife from the animal's vicious attack. Worried about being infected with rabies, he undergoes intense treatment at the local hospital, but this does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty bat creature. He kills random people at night and plays with the suspected police sergeant, while his loving wife still believes that uncomfortable behavior is due solely to allergic reactions to rabies treatment. Of course honey! The script never explains why a bat would attack people and why John always turns into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent bat-guano state. So, essentially, "The Bat People" is a variation of the good old werewolf theme, but obviously it's not very interesting. The concept showed a lot of potential, but somehow the sub-frames focus on drunken drunkards and perverse sheriffs instead of horrible monsters. Some settings and outdoor settings look awesome, the song misfit during the credits is strangely appealing, there's a lot of blood during the climax (finally!) And lead actress Marianne McAndrew is lovely to watch (though don't listen to a). The current list of the really bad and boring movie at the bottom 100 is the number 80, and personally I hope it stays somewhere in that region. The list simply wouldn't feel and traditional without "The Bat People".
