Hi Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at the Hamilton High School dance of 1957 where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) betrays her date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill discovers and is devastated, meanwhile Mary Lou is announced the queen of 1957 and takes the stage to accept her prize. Bill, still wounded, decides to make a joke about Mary Lou so he throws a firecracker on the stage, but the still lit fuse captures Mary Lou's dress that inflames her, in a few seconds Mary Lou is toast. 30 years later and Hamilton High is soon to hold its annual dance night. Bill (Michael Ironside) is now the principal and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis) who is dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and they are both planning to go to the dance together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago continues to haunt both Bill and Bud. One day Vicki looks around the basement of the schools when she discovers a large trunk that opens, and turns out to be a bad move when Mary Lou's vengeful spirit is freed and is intent on claiming her crown as prom queen and in her the free time to avenge his untimely death. The first to climb is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is destined for suicide, Mary Lou starts to own Vicki's body as the night of the dance approaches. After eliminating a competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) trying to fix the dance, he wins. Mary Lou in the body of Vicki is crowned Hamilton High prom queen which allows Mary Lou herself to return from the dead to make an unexpected appearance and really revive the party ... <br /> <br /> Without any connection with the Original Prom Night (1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good film. Ron Oliver's script focuses more on supernatural elements than cheap teen slasher themes, whether that is a good or bad decision will depend on your expectations, I suppose. Personally I found that these different elements did not gel or work well together. The whole movie was slow to slow down to be really nice, after the opening sequence in which Mary Lou dies no one else is killed until the half hour and then the film limps for another half hour until Vicki is finally possessed and the film finally gathers momentum for the climax in which an evil Mary Lou kills an entire person at the dance before she is allegedly defeated, by the fans of the horror movies you were expecting that the killer cliche is not dead and ready for a sequel finale "? Don't expect a tall body count, only five in the whole movie and no one particularly graphic, though I like the way Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a shower cabinet that Mary Lou he crushed and resulting in the poor Monica flowing blood. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is depicted by Vicki who has many hallucinations for the first hour and Mary Lou who controls objects during the later stages including a couple of disturbing shots of a rocking horse that comes to life, the Blackboard scene is good enough as it turns into water and the hands of zombies drag Vicki inside. The slasher side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II isn't great, I liked the same Mary Lou as she turned up the compulsory jokes and created a good villain even though she couldn't kill enough people. Oh, and yes, I received tributes in execution of various other horror film directors with almost all the characters sharing surnames with one, this obviously adds nothing to the film, but I think it's a nice touch. The acting is OK but the usual reliable Michael Ironside seems lost and uninterested almost as if he were wondering what he is doing in this and if he will ever work again. Forget any gore, someone is hanged, there is a stabbing with a crucifix that happens outside the screen, someone is impaled with a neon light, a computer goes crazy and someone strikes face (!?) And Mary Lou bursts out of the body of Vicki at first as a rotting zombie that was a pretty interesting scene. There are also some shots of frontal nudity in the girls' shower, if that's your case. To give him some credit Hi Mary Lou: Prom Night II is OK to watch, has reasonable production values ​​in everything and is generally well done. Overall I was disappointed with Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was too slow and eventually uneventful to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure you deserve a 3 or 4 star rating, I'll give it a 4 because there's nothing specifically wrong with it, I suppose, and I've sat through much worse films, but it really hasn't done anything for me I'm afraid.
