A truly disturbed, cannibalistic psychopath, John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym of Michael Brody) who lives in a cave, chases campers who commit the unfortunate mistake of backpacking in his desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) come into play with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, Gary Kent's late wife) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) survive in the woods alone camping. To prove a point, the girls decide to head to the wilderness from Los Angeles for a camping trip disturbing their partners to the point that they will soon follow. Falling prey to John, Teddi is soon killed while Sharon runs for his life while the men arrive late into the wild due to the overheating of their truck. Scared, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives a truly unusual assistance ... John's ghost children! That's right, John's children remain in the wilds, ghostly apparitions that spy on those who live in the woods, who take a particular liking for Sharon, helping her to guide her towards salvation and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from a descent and from the darkness of the night in the same cave where John lives. Cooking on a blazing fire, boiling meat is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddi! Unknowingly, Charlie eats from the flesh when offered by John who finds strangers inside his home! However, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie set about looking for them as morning breaks. Meanwhile, John goes hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon fighting for survival. When Steve suffers a compound fracture stumbling between two huge boulders on a flowing river, he will be handicapped only by increasing such a nightmare scenario, with Sharon following her ghostly young friends to potential safety ... even them, at some point , implore father not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, has no such friends. <br /> <br /> The director Donald Jones (who also wrote it and ended up financing the film) intelligently runs the film in a wonderful and wonderful location in the Sequoia National Park, California, where those giant trees they tower to great heights, and basically look at the loggers for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not find Jones' direction for the setting particularly appealing ... terror was missing, although there are some rather disturbing attacks by John using his knife (.. cleverly shot, the Jones's camera suggests more than what is actually on the screen, yet, somehow, he still manages to wince about what John is doing to the victims). Within such a picturesque landscape, to see innocents driven out by a maniac, this kind of increase in terror. People of the city who try to spend a few days in a different place, to feel the fresh and clean air, enjoy the views of an enchanting view, only to find themselves chased by a creepy predator with a very intimidating knife. By providing the background on why John is the monster he is, Jones allows us to witness his memory flashback discovering his wife's adultery and reacting accordingly (he is also a ghost in the desert looking for his children, wishing to punish them for "being bad") by killing both her and her lover in bed (... a refrigerator repairer). The children, sad and depressed, have committed suicide and are now "persecuting" the wild, still interacting with their parents or those they choose. I realize that such a novelty as ghost children in a backwoods slasher is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea rather drunk and too foolish to take seriously. They help our heroine escape from some potentially dangerous situation, but it was terribly difficult for me to avoid giggling uncontrollably. The music that I found horribly from the 80s and the performances are not amazing. I mean that I could react to the situation they were in, because it's really terrifying to be in an unknown and hostile territory, pursued by someone who knows the area so well. I think the film is similar in many ways to NOT GOING TO THE WOODS .. AONE!, Except that THE FOREST has the aforementioned ghost children (.. their voices echo when they talk to Sharon, their father, or each other). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with ragged clothes, and humanity has lost. As mentioned above, violence is not as horrible as the one suggested because the director Jones is able to effectively cut a large amount of knife penetration, yet the way he sets the set pieces leaves you rather uncertain ( .. like The murder of Teddi, violence mostly stands on the surface of a huge nearby rock formation, his pleas for John to stop and, once stabbed several times, he tries to crawl away from his predator just to be finished, a corpse hanging John is skinning). I've seen better and worse than this type of slasher film, it's pretty mediocre, at best, with a scenario actually shot. I really don't think it's particularly memorable, except for ghost children.
