I mean all the dark, neglected, low-budget horror movies waiting to be rediscovered on a DVD, why choose THE FOREST? I love very low direct budgets for home videos or other types of alternative horror. I love the hacker horror of the 80s. I love woodcutters with fools who wander in the night to be chased, killed and eaten by psychopaths. I'm all for the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horror film as a way to enter the industry or simply make a movie because they want to make one. I'm all for the use of public places found, not actors, a nameless talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most evocative image of THE FOREST is the opening of a couple walking in the distance through a forest in the woods: we see them as tiny and vulnerable creatures that enter a dark and dark world where humans might not be the top of most feared food chain or predator. Then the film dives and never recovers: we briefly meet the backpacking couple when they realize that they are persecuted. They separate, both are slaughtered, and then we meet the protagonists of the film while driving their car in a traffic jam. They meet with their companions and decide to go on a camping trip. Sounds of snoring fill the room like people who came to watch a movie with their cell phone, people with text messages are not there to tell them how much the movie sucks. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this movie is too talking. Which would not be such a bad thing if the writers had given people something to say besides the most stupid, asinine and useless things. You know your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the park guard with the low face who warns everyone away from the Bosco dei Cannibali. And speaking of these "woods", they seem as far from civilization as the free land grown too far behind the football fields, only with larger rocks and a stream flowing through it. There are impressive shots of the primordial forest, but it doesn't make sense to be in the middle of it. If one of the characters sat on the tracks and waited long enough for someone he would be able to. <br /> <br /> What's worse than the movie is that it fails to generate any human interest: I don't know who these couples are and no matter what happens to them. The cannibal hermit boy is not interesting even when he pretends to see freshly cooked meat from the leg of one of his victims to serve gruesome bites to his boyfriend, who finds refuge in his cave. The irony of which is the epitome of "overwhelming". Coupled with a deliberately threatening synthesizer soundtrack, a cinematography that seems suspiciously like someone tied to a camera of a dog and follows people's movements, a lack of appreciable strength, nudity, chills and an unhealthy atmosphere and what we have here it's a horror movie that isn't even as scary as a PBS educational TV show about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not intend to "bother" the people behind this film, since they obviously entered the project with almost nothing, they did not go so far as to be creative and ended up with another boring movie on a larva chasing women through the woods with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, what is wrong is the unimaginable and absolutely pedestrian way that has been executed, until the absolutely useless conclusion, when the film is approaching about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that it ended relatively quickly and there is not much to command repeated screening - hence my confusion as to why someone will need a DVD version. It was fine as a strangeness for years of renting a Prism video, as a DVD will be $ 5.99 a month in a month's sales. There is little or no urgency to watch the film, unless you are thinking of creating a hacker with a very low budget, set in a public park where nobody can make you pay for the shoot. Here is a guide of steps to avoid doing. <br /> <br /> With all that said and done, the film had an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence that was so pathetic and inept thought that it becomes an enigma in an otherwise cut and dried film: The madman back home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. Send his beloved, arming himself with a kitchen knife that seems made to be used in a horror movie and starts after the intruder. The boy makes his way and attacks his prey, which moves away and runs away, just to make the psychopath materialize in his footsteps with a bigger and meaner weapon. The psycho attacks again and the boy goes away. The psychopath materializes AGAIN, and once again the boy goes away. Then again! Finally, on the fifth attempt, the psychopath stumbles so that he falls on a kind of bladed device. How has he continued to materialize armed with more powerful weapons like those? Is there any supernatural element in this psycho? Since the film never makes the scene clear in any way, it's just an enigma, staged to build a certain tension. The purpose is not clear. The whole film is really like this, existing without needing to be realized and executed in such a petty and uninteresting way that one cannot help but wonder what its purpose was. <br /> <br /> 3/10 and ample proof that just because you can publish a movie on DVD that does not necessarily mean that you should.
