The title of this dark and (almost rightly) slasher of the 80s inevitably reminds me of the Cure hit song, the mega-smash-monster with the same title, then a piece of the lyrics in the title section of this user comment. Besides, I had nothing else to say that was useful, however. But hey, "The Forest" is not totally hopeless and not even * the * bad one, actually. If nothing else, at least he obeys the first rule, certainly not written, of the 80's slasher: kill someone within the first 10 minutes of play. Of course, you've heard about the basic premises of this film a dozen times before, but don't let that discourage you from watching it, since "The Forest" has a few more things to offer than an apparently sinister cover image. Actually it's a bit of an atypical slasher of the 80s! The main characters are not ordinary adolescents without brains and the script has solid ambitions towards supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, not to mention plausible, but it is more than interesting enough to get your attention and there are also a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and twists to enjoy. Two married couples decide to go camping in the most isolated forests of California, but due to a stupid bet the wives travel separately from their husbands. Just settled for the night, they receive incessant visits from a mother in search of her two children, the children themselves and finally the father who is out hunting for human flesh. The demented family can be real or imaginary, but women are definitely in danger and when their husbands arrive, they have already vanished. Men also meet the family and discover more in the slightly dysfunctional background. "The Forest" is a strange and unusual film, to say the least. It's not exactly a plot masterpiece, but the absolutely strange atmosphere will surely appeal to fans of the open-minded horror of the 80s. The murders are rather gruesome and filmed, including a throat fissure and a painful massacre saw, and the filming locations are extraordinarily beautiful. The more one contemplates history and its abrupt twists, the less it makes sense, so my advice would simply be to enjoy this strange visual experience for as long as it lasts and not a minute more. The acting performances are just above average, the music is ok and at least the director Donald Jones (also responsible for the '70s of "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a little more creative than most horror movies of the 80s. Too bad it eventually fails.
