Sweet Christmas film that has an equally painful performance by Vince Vaughn, who is paying his usual frat boy, but this time for a children's movie, but without the spirit or charm that is in his films. Vaughn looks like he's on autopilot though most of the film and continues to run against the walls with his lackluster performance. After 30 minutes in the movie, you would feel in touch with your inner scourge and say "Bahumbag" no matter how funny this movie is and after another 30 minutes, you will want to get out of that incomparable film that you got at that point. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some life into perspective roles and this is manly because both are too good with the actors to be present in this film. Paul Giamatti brings a bit of depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nick himself, but he is forced into Vaughn's youthful behavior when he is doing his sad sibling fight. You can see in Giamatti that he is not having fun with his role and shows painfully in some parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role, but she doesn't have much with a character to work with and it shows in her that she is well aware of it, to the point that she seems irritated in certain parts of the film. Fortunately for her, she is not in the film at all and is able to save a face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to be about to fire her agent by the end of the film. Even the director seems uninteresting, as if there was no feeling or flow to have and this should be a holiday film, but it ends up feeling like you're just staring at an imaginative widow show that is knocked down. > <br /> I don't know what went wrong here, but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) doing their best to at least bring something to the table with an unpleasant script with which they had to work, spotty direction without hearing the subject at hand (and this is a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very misplaced film that is very painful to watch.
