A little original rehash, excessively predictable and only moderately funny and low budget of a science fiction formula that we have all seen hundreds of times before - a group of scientists in isolation in front of something unknown alien, and in all places (surprise, surprise) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> The film features James Spader and an almost unnamed support cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is actually not that bad for a non-actor) - who offer humor performances that make little to reinvigorate the imaginative dialogue of the script. To make matters worse the rhythm of the film is slow, there is almost no subplot, and the few action sequences are stereotyped and not so exciting. His little wonder is that this thing went directly to DVD. What is a wonder is because Spader - an excellent actor at times, who won the Best Actor Award at Cannes for "Sex, Lies and Videotape", and did a splendid job in the innovative science fiction film "Stargate" - has chosen to register this weak project. Or maybe not, if you look at his career, he seems to have invested his talents in more missi than successes. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable thing about "Alien Hunter" is how they managed to cram many elements from so many great science fiction films, and it still turns out to be so lazy and artificial. There are huge bits borrowed from "The Thing" (both the original by Howard Hawks and the excellent 1982 remake of John Carpenter), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some clues to "Alien", CE3K "," The Andromeda Strain "," Kubrick's "2001" (ie "alien black box") and "Mission To Mars" (ie the mysterious message); and even a bit of "Sneakers" and "A Remarkable Mind" (although they are not science fiction films, they share a "cryptology" connection). Hell, there are even wheat fields and Antarctica, just like the recent "X Files Movie". And the bright translucent spaceship in the end looks exactly like something that was torn from an outtake of "The Abyss". <br /> <br /> Everything has been done before and done much better, although I will admit that there were some slight surprises towards the end. I could say a little more about the plot, but there is absolutely no need for it. You will already know more than half of this film without ever seeing it. (5 out of 10)
