Summary: something mysteriously dense that transmits radio signals is discovered in the ice of Antarctica. The mysterious block is excavated and taken to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, is led to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is his old girlfriend, and the situation quickly becomes embarrassing, especially since the other female researchers practically throw themselves at him. And the block of ice with the thing inside is melting unnaturally quickly. Soon the object is outdoors. The mystery continues even if the object generates an enormous amount of electricity. You decide to open the object, but just before this is done, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes as it is finally violated, and two things unleashed on earth. The first is an alien, which had been dormant in the object, and the other is a virus that instantly kills the research staff. And Washington, which is suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that those things cannot be unleashed on earth. So a Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The film holds some surprises. One is Carl Lewis who surprisingly puts on good acting, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well developed and much better than expected. Unfortunately the story contains many surprises, and this time not in a positive sense. In reality it is so full of holes in the plot that sometimes the films seem to consist of almost randomly connected scenes. It is never really explained why Washington knows so much, why Washington is able to command Russian submarines, why the object is in the Antarctic and has woken up now. It is really disconcerting that the alien pod is broadcasting in understandable English. Some may want to explain this with what the alien had been to Earth before and knew the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then he is very confused because the cute aliens who apparently want to save the Earth from the virus, send their encoded "Do not open" message! And finally the end is as open as an end can be. <br /> <br /> The film is a bit funny, but too much energy (from me) must be diverted to fill the gaps in the plot. Therefore the overall impression of the film is not too good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
