OK, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer makes friends with the Dalai Lama". What we do is, first of all, get an important star without any idea on how to make a Germanic accent, and let it float between French, German, American and English for over 2 hours. So we invent a series of unlikely events and distance them very widely, so that the plot passes almost imperceptibly. But to make sure the viewer doesn't fall asleep, we put in details that are incredibly absurd, like our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet. Of course, we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles, so we have every character, even the poorest peasant in the forbidden city of Lhasa in 1943, speaks perfect English, even with doubtful accents. Of course, the most difficult part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of history, so what we do is this: the Dalai Lama makes friends with the now reformed Nazi because he is so good at manipulating film projectors, radios, cars epoch and any other device with the freedom of the western capitalist. In return, our hero learns from his young protégé a kind of vague and indefinite Buddhism that is never highlighted or treated seriously. We also have many scenes with the hero who flaunts all the signs of respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society accords to the Dalai Lama, even if we pretend that the hero has deep and profound reverence for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we only expect the public to believe that this boy is now a Buddhist, in his own way, even though we ourselves don't seem to know what its transformation entails or how far we want it to go. And last but not least, we put a statistic at the end of the film on how the Chinese dealt with the Tibetans in a terrifying way (which is certainly true), thus opening up to the accusations that we made a "political" film, even if not it's nothing like that. So zat is my idea. Vat do you zink? Can I make movies on zis?
