Five Across the Eyes begins as five young teenage girls are coming home in time for a curfew, they stop at a store and accidentally hit another car and decide to leave and leave. Immediately after the other car forces them to stop and a mad woman with a shotgun comes out and shouts at them, makes them take off their clothes and makes them pee on them and then goes haphazardly. Shocked and upset, the girls think their ordeal is over but the mad girl returns for seconds while she seems intent on killing the terrified girls who got lost and run out of gas ... <br /> <br /> Product and directed by Greg Swinson and Ryan Theissen with Swinson writing the thing and Theissen responsible for cinematography and editing I must say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst films I've ever seen, if not the worst, I mean I'm fighting for I think a movie I've seen is worse. Now let me say that I am sure that many of the decisions made in this film were deliberate to try to provoke atmosphere, tension, realism and suspense, but there is not one aspect of Five Across the Eyes that I don't hate to be honest it seems a bad home video that was put on YouTube and even then it's still a bit embarrassing and a frankly useless waste of 90 odd minutes of my time that I could have done something more fun and fun like pulling out nails with pliers . The reviews on the web seem rather positive but on the Announced (the quantity of comments of 1 Stella is revealing and they cannot all be wrong, right?) And his bulletin board that I think is much more an indicator of what the average person thinks that is absolutely trash from almost everyone and the phrase "the worst movie I've ever seen" is used a few times and to be honest most of these negative comments mention the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is terrible, okay, I suspect it should be minimalist but minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that happen and it seems totally random. It has been going on for centuries, the amount of plot here would have struggled to fill a thirty minute break for the music program left along a feature film. The dialogue is terrible with these annoying girls who don't seem to have a brain cell between them that take things at random and scream a lot. Oh god the screams, there are seemingly endless scenes of these girls screaming or crying or whining that not only irritates and annoys and prevents any healthy spectator from feeling a kind of sympathy for them also makes what they are trying to say almost impossible to listen properly. Then there is the real killer, the whole film is set and filmed inside a mini-van, seriously the camera never leaves this car and as you can imagine it becomes really boring, I add that the low number of corpses of a single person killed on screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie I hated passionately. <br /> <br /> Still on a technical level I can see that the cinematographic style here was a deliberate choice, but I have to be honest again and say Five Across the Eyes is the worst film I've ever seen. As a movie fan, I like my films to look like real movies because it's a visual medium and I absolutely don't want them to look worse than the average YouTube video or my home movies shot on a video camera while I was drunk. It really looks so amateurish and bad, it's a complete eyesore and I hated every moment of every second. Think of The Blair Witch Project (1999) only ten times worse in appearance and sound and you'll be almost there. There are times during Five Across the Eyes when you literally can't tell what's happening or happening because of camera work and almost black and grainy contrast levels. Violence is also domesticated with a few spurts of blood and a stab at the end. <br /> <br /> The low budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with an alleged budget of around $ 4000 this is easily one of the films with the lowest budget has ever released a large statement. The two vans in the film were owned by members of the production and virtually the entire budget was there, the locations. The acting was pretty bad for the main cast, I just hated all the fake cries and screams that didn't convince me at all but they mocked immensely. <br /> <br /> Five Across the Eyes will go down as one of the worst movies I've ever seen and I've seen some movies, every time someone asks me which is the worst movie I've ever seen Five Across the Eyes will definitely be mentioned. I hated it, every single aspect and its miserable moment.
