- Contains miners spoiler - <br /> <br /> I saw a fair number of independent horror films like The Hamiltons, The Boys Love Mandy Lane and Cabin Fever; unfortunately I heard Five Across the Eyes that does not fall into this category. From beginning to end the film is tormented by amateur performances that resonate from a very poor screenplay, god knows why the writers have thought of a dialogue like "No, don't go out there, don't go out there that you will get: if she takes you will kill you and if she kills you you are dead "is cinematic quality. <br /> <br /> This film shows a development of the character very small and to be honest I do not care less about what pain and torture have been inflicted on them since they are just a group of college girls who show almost no quality redeeming ". All they do is cry and whimper throughout the film and if the girls are not crying to argue; when they converse the subjects are completely random: on appointments with the boys or on how a father of the girls was recently cremated ( appropriate subjects when being chased by a psychotic killer). <br /> <br /> The soundtrack is also abysmal, exhibiting corny techno music during both the end credits and the end (even if you listen to credit music knowing that the end it seemed like a paradise. "The cameras work is scary and sometimes makes the movie unwatchable. I imagine that, due to little or no budget, the director was limited to a single photo. digital camera that resides in the girls' car almost entirely. I think this was an effort to attract the public as close as possible to the action: to hear and experience what the girls are going through. But due to a very shaky camera, a grainy image and too close to the action, it can be hard to tell what's going on during the action scenes and it's just chaotic. It is one thing to make a film subjective, but it is another to have an action on the screen that an audience cannot decipher due to poor cinematography. <br /> <br /> I understand that Five Across the Eyes is a low budget movie album but that does not excuse the extremely poor quality. There are no positive factors for this film: bad acting, poor screenplay, poor camera and no story. In light of all this, I decided to give the movie 1 out of 10 because it left me very disappointed; want a meteor to hit the earth bringing me a sweet relief. His 94 minutes off stupid college girls cry, argue, run aimlessly and make inappropriate and casual conversations. However, how many times can you see the girls defecating in their hands and throwing the shit on the windshield of a hunting car.
