I'm stunned. You are right. I'm really here. In no way did I find it horrible, but on the other hand it was a frustrating experience in the macabre hysterical and murky inconsistency. The idea behind such a small, low budget indie production is not bad, but it's a confusing mess and in the end it didn't do anything for me. He is amateur and simple; he wants to exploit it beyond reasoning and do it in that belatedly fashionable style of shooting. We have the video camera documented with laces (freehand) that moves everywhere (though never leaving the van), and sometimes feels fuzzy and fuzzy making it difficult to pinpoint certain details. You get used to it lately, but there are times when it becomes too distracted and even sickening. Keeping it still will help. The context has little foundation (which has five teenagers returning home from a late-night football game and getting lost in the back streets). In a shop on the side of the road they get involved in a minor accident that destroys an SUV headlight not busy. Frightened, they flee and not too long that a light SUV appears behind them, which will soon make their night an unforgettable ordeal in terror) spending most of the time playing a game drawn for the noisy and relentless cat and mouse . <br /> <br /> What about the noise ?? I guess it depends. Some moments can make you squirm with your attention to pain, desperation and demented brutality (with a good use of the penetrating FX sound that seems to be more favored on the image and not to forget the alienating background sound effects), but I too I found myself laughing too much. In the passages it can be repellent and intense with a real gradual run, but hardly credible. Casual character wounds never seem as serious as you should believe, although they obviously should be. See how the blood flows freely, but it is not entirely convincing and can become boring. The constant nightly car chase could only be long before it became repetitive. We scream, vomit, bleed, run, cursing, bodily fluids and so on. Unpleasant details also followed. With little to do, he needed a much stronger script than the miserably forced one that had been written. There were too many moments of anger, and there was not much in terms of depth for the characters and the situation they were in. It was set-pieces, waiting for the next tortuous encounter and pulled it out long enough. Helping was an unpredictable model. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are like a worker with their upset characters and they design an authentic chemistry to make up for the weaknesses of the script in its character of foundation. Veronica Garcia's upside-down intensity, with eyes wide open like the SUV fool, was it something? yes something. The true motivation of his character to terrorize girls and his unstable mental state is practically non-existent. I guess being psychotic was pretty good. Now probably the most unnerving thing I found in the feature was the horrendous soundtrack. Terrible techno music, cheesy hard-rock and an exaggerated closing score. He never felt excessive or got in the way, but he remained like a sore thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen try to get the most out of their small resources, but even with this sharp spirit it ends up being ramshackle. Maybe it was fun to do it, but looking at it wasn't the case.
