Watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (is it a double sense of the star?) It's like connecting a white noise or water sounds produced to help you sleep - you put it in the DVD slot because there's nothing else left on store shelves and you you are in need of distraction after a hectic day. And it works with that for that purpose: being a romantic English comedy is a bit more. <br /> <br /> The story is pretty simple about a wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married to an increasingly distant husband Sam (Jimi Mistry) who paused their love life due to the weight of his practice committed to the law. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) is passionate about both Sam and Alice, but has a long-standing attraction to Alice that goes beyond friendship. Friends of Alice with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a free supporter of love, who encourages Alice to do business. On Valentine's Day, after drinking binge with his sister, Alice sends a postcard to Sam signing "Anonymous" as a test to see if Sam responds, testing his loyalty. At the same time Archie sends a packet of radish seeds to Alice on whom she has inscribed a non-suggestive love. Both have ex post facto regrets. Sam indeed spends time with Katya (Branka Katic) lover and actually betrays Alice. Alice organizes assignments with Sam via e-mail and phone calls and plans to meet Sam in disguise as an "Anonymous" to test his loyalty. The entire cast of characters is captured in the stupid charade and the ending shows that true love must be based on truth - and how what results in various combinations is the surprise (of some sort) of the downy script. <br /> <br /> British comedies work because of the quality of the writing and the quality of the acting. Perhaps the director John Hay has chosen to play a British actress like Alice instead of sticking a fake accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt, the result could be improved. But in the end this story by Peter Bloore bounces between his delicately humorous and pathetic messages. A terrible distraction is a soundtrack that is constantly so strong that it covers all the dialogues and is intrusive. There are some beautiful London scenes and some moments of passable humor, but in the end this little film is really better used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
