The story is like this: a provincial girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When he arrives, he discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie ends up venturing into the New York adventure. Filling bicycles as a comedy messenger and fascinating mishaps. He falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets the charismatic good boy Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben won't give up so easily. Being "just" a provincial girl And blonde a couple of bad managers in a construction company decide to be the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Misunderstandings follow with hilarious and sad consequences. However, this is a blonde who will not take her lying down! <br /> <br /> The people who judge this movie will soon be denied. The jokes are safe and suitable and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural as to overshadow whatever Godard has created. The talented Jessica Simpson, once again, surprises with an important role, only she is able to make it. Simpson is really the Marilyn Monroe of our time (there is even a scene that honors her!). It balances perfectly between vulnerable and extravagance. Katie really shows us that you can't judge a book by its cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he were covered in manure, the man would be as attractive as anyone else. His light touch, puppy eyes and relaxed manner make it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born for, one of two diabolical executives. It really can't be underestimated. The strength of the performance lies in its control. It's remarkable, because most of the actors get along and play it for cheap laughter. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created an intelligent and often hilarious comedy destined to become a classic alongside cinema masterpieces like Epic Movie and Norbit. Congratulations to all those involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and sincere laughter would have made the toughest man burst into a big smile. You could be tough, but you're not that strong! Highly recommended to all those who want to be swept away and see a romantic comedy that, for once, feels honest. Thanks for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack fluctuates! <br /> <br /> Now if you haven't got it yet. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
