It is common practice that a film about repression is somewhat attenuated in style and tone. There is a difference, however, between the use of moderation and encouraging narcolepsy among members of the public. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists", played by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, the director Alan Rudolph plays as close as possible to the vest, with the result of being a film that is never much more than a reflection on how the teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott plays the role of David Hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly sets the dynamics of their relationship - he is completely absorbed in the daily duties of being a parent, is quietly disillusioned by their hectic family life - and then increases tension when Scott may or may not testify his wife with another man. From this point on, the film focuses on whether or not David is confronting his wife Dana about his possible adultery, or whether he will beat him at the punch and leave forever. From time to time, David receives visits from an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (who borrows heavily from Tyler Durden of Brad Pitt in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> While there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability to justify the exam, the last two thirds of the film are embarrassing, without theme or fiction. Instead, Rudolph creates the drama of a bad fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, culminating in an unnecessary visit to the hospital at the peak of the film. The film never takes up suggestions about what David is really capable of if he weren't so dedicated to his family; nor does he spend much time looking at the precarious balance between Dana and his family life and his other more satisfying ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend most of the film worrying about a fever gone wrong, Rudolph kills the moment of his film. At a time when the fifth member of the family is sweaty and sickly, the film has exhausted all the graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana end up retracing their steps again and again until a less cathartic ending. With nothing to build in the last hour, the conclusion seems embarrassing and patched up. "The Secret Lives of Dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. Overall, a disappointing and unimaginative film.
