Yes, I know - you're trembling with excitement. Well, * The Secret Lives of Dentists * won't upset your expectations: it's solid but essentially unimaginative, truthful but boring. It's about the story of a married couple who introduces themselves as a dentist and shares the same practice (already a recipe for problems: if it weren't for our separate lives, we would all abandon our spouses out of pure irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and behavior don't remember Everyman as much as Ned Flanders of * The Simpsons *, is the mild and uber-daddy, and Hope Davis is the bored housewife who channels her frustrations into the amateur opera. One night, while dad and daughters attend one of Davis's shows, he discovers that his wife is channeling his frustrations into more than just singing: he witnesses his wife kissing and flirting with the opera director. (A nice touch: we never see the face of the work-director.) Fearing the prospect of setting up the separation, divorce and custody proceedings - profitable only for lawyers - Scott chooses to pretend ignorance of the indiscretions of his wife. br /> <br /> Already, the literati among you are starting to yawn: ho-hum, another story about the Pathetic, Sniveling Little Cuckold. But Rudolph, who drew the story from a novel by Jane Smiley, hopes that the benevolence of the material will be compensated for by a series of flashy and post-modern touches. For example, one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary, kept under control - and fortunately - under control) will later become a sort of construction of the dentist's imagination, emerging as the Devil's defender on his shoulder for the old male virtues modeled ( "Dump the b --- h!", Etc.). When not supported by his new imaginary friend, Scott is otherwise tormented by fantasies that include his three-by-two wife with two dentists working in their practice. It's not going too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for Real People (or Grown-Ups, at least). Along these lines, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable human beings compared to the glamorouspuss couple of Cruise and Kidman. Furthermore, the screenplay for * Secret Lives * is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As a proof, I offer the representation of the children of dentists, in particular the youngest who is about 3 or 4 years old and whose main expression is "Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! Dad! DADDY !!!" This is Family Life, okay, with all its charm. <br /> <br /> The film would make an interesting double account with * Kramer against Kramer *, as well. The feminization of the American male can easily be traced from 1979 to 2003. In this film, Dad is the housewife as in * Kramer *, but he is not at all disturbed by the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, who was too virile to make a Toast Here, Scott receives all the lead chores, such as cleaning up the vomit of children, cooking, cleaning, bringing children to whatever post-school education activity is in the diary. And all without complaining. (And without commentary to the director. It is taken for granted.) <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, mostly due to its verisimilitude. However, he is dragged down by the grandeur of his insistence on fashionable distractions, which culminates in a long scene in which a horrible five-day stomach flu makes a tour of the family. We have to endure unnecessary fantasy sequences, initiated by the imaginary leader Leary. The existence of which, among other things, finally recalls the character of Brad Pitt in * Fight Club *. And this finally brings home the other major flaw in the film: the lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it was too easy to refer to many other films. Of course, this film is an improvement for most of them, but still. * The Secret Lives of Dentists * is worth seeing, but don't overdo it. (Not that you were excited, anyway. I suppose.)
