Apparently none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, actually read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The most obvious imprecision is in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s the latter was invariably shown in a bad light. While far from an admirable character - he was an inept politician and a self-appointed "military genius" who allowed France to be dragged into a disastrous war, it wasn't the stupid reactionary depicted here. He had a smart interest in science, and like many other people in the 19th century he saw a bright future because of the improvements he would bring. Since Pasteur's death, it was his PATRON, building a laboratory and providing him with all the resources he needed for his research. While the lab was under construction, Pasteur fell seriously ill. A bureaucrat decided that it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon die, the orderly work stopped on his own authority. the emperor heard of this, his indignation shook the bureaucracy so that there was a flurry of somersaults, and the work promptly resumed. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would take his workshop. The emperor often brought members of his court to view Pasteur's plans, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was a favorite of the emperor. Pasasteur's main concern with the Emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was virtually a mirac the worker who could do almost everything, and constantly assigned him tasks outside his previous experience. Pastore, a very modest man, always protested for this, but Napoleon would have said he had complete confidence in him, and Pasteur, despite his doubts, always had an intimate and friendly relationship, and after the Emperor was overthrown, Pasteur he refused to say a dirty word about him, grateful until the end of his life. <br /> <br /> The part about his daughter who has the child and Pasteur who sacrifices his principles to get a doctor, never happened. The part of anthrax and anger, for which he was famous, is generally correct, but the notion that the anthrax experiment led him from obscurity to fame is false. He was famous and respected when this is It happened. This film is OK from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
