What a bad luck it is "Shiner". I wanted to love this aspiring anti-film and, in fact, I found a number of moments with powerful resonance. Unfortunately, those moments are few and far between. While I appreciate a little of what Calson was trying to do, any advantage he wanted for bare bones, no economic cinematography had been destroyed with a truly atrocious montage that didn't benefit the film at all. <br /> <br /> While bad acting abounds in the budget (and the big budget) of the cinema, Shiner has bad performances that are almost painful to watch. In particular the "straight" couple Linda and Young Guy. These are the two badly written characters that offer almost nothing to history. The acting is so abysmal and neither of the two actors seem capable of resisting the grin or cracking as they drop their lines with a frightening lack of skill. The rough assembly almost gives the feeling that these roles are completely free and dropped to prevent the films from being stereotyped as a strange gay movie. It would have been better this way. <br /> <br /> With all that does not work, there are several performances that seem to capture what Calson hoped to achieve. In particular the story centered on Bob and Tim. These are the two most richly designed characters and offer most of the awards with truly captivating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with some serious problems. Notoriously low self-esteem is camouflaged by an almost cartoon-like arrogance that he wears like armor. Obsessed by Tim, the seemingly innocuous but ultimately creepy Bob, he chases the boxer in the classic cat and mouse fashion. When the tables are turned and the hunter becomes the prey, the result is the only real emotional catharsis in the film. In a movie so artificially hard (which is a compliment) a character MUST have that revelation (or breakup, as the case here shows) and the final clash between Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and King the opportunity to show real too many recitations. <br /> <br /> As played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be at the center of the film, and despite some moments of bravado (including a really disturbing scene that reveals the obsession with sex / violence), but they cannot escape an artifice similar to a cartoon and it is difficult to look - or beyond their apparent symphony of notes and find something different from the obvious. <br /> <br /> Ultimately this same raw material could (and should) be used to tell this story in a better way. Alas, there is really not much to recommend yet, the performances of Messrs. King and Zelinas really offer something special and a glimpse of what could have been and that in the end it is worth seeing.
