So, did it really come to this? Are we, as consenting adults, the blame for the next generation of cinema viewers who lack cinematic understanding and celluloid capabilities? As for the latest addition of Wayans and Co. to the moving image scenario; Little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parents' Guide), anyone under the age of 12 must be accompanied by a responsible adult, certified film, is the epitome of what has now developed in the worst case of nonsense since cigarettes were "erased" from the images of the icons of the 1950s film. <br /> <br /> The public, predominantly under the age of twelve, who, some without grown up supervision, sat there obediently, taking everything, unaware of their subject and the partially grown features that Little Man portrays, at least in part also films, in general, can do better than this poor attempt, while these nonsense are doing them while they are still young and fresh, the biggest fear for the future of Cinema is that a child's ignorance could continue until become an adult bliss. Cinema deserves more than this, and so it is increasingly growing, and even in the literal sense, the public, this cheeky cash cow feeds on the always impressionable minds of young people. <br /> <br /> There is no experience in the cinema here, no wonder with open eyes, no respect for the magic of the films'. There is nothing if not bewilderment and contempt, for the lack of substance, the originality and the delivery of the mind, less boredom and parody of everything that is now so ultimately wrong with the Hollywood machine, for the sake of a quick penny, we have to put up with our future a cinematographic audience similar to this archetypal catastrophic film. <br /> <br /> Could there be characters like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner who are wavering in their graves? Money no doubt pleased everyone, but the talent and exuberance for perfection and quality and, to a large extent, respect for their profession and their public, were never far away. We are seeing, again, with the works of the Wayan clan another cliché of bad taste, while the likes of White Chicks (2004) were undoubtedly a stab at the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two main protagonists, once again interpreted by the Wayans brothers, are so undercover, that every recognition is non-existent, this also makes a film better, and it is the actor Terry Crews who gives White Cleans the its substance and personality, not the Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, with their pastries from the Blaxploitation films of the 70s, as in the 1988 film I'm Gonna You Sucka, this can be seen as a comedian and a funny movie, with weights heavy men like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. Being the point, that Little Man has absolutely no personality whatsoever, that he is so superficial and narcissistic, with no appreciation or value to his followers, he dives quickly into taking your money and before we know it, he is hidden inside the gears of commercialism. There is no recognizable effort on where our money was spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could have gone alone, but unfortunately they did not, without a great reflection on the artistic value and without doubt the episode of these intrepid films the next mogul films will be directed to video, one can only hope. <br /> <br /> The Wayans seem to have created a genre of films all by themselves, to some extent; they beat the film's parody to death, watered down every street and their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years that the Cinema has given us, that the ghosts of past films are always so humble in their judgment, as their growing public, so far, seems to be, for when the bubble bursts, that they are just as inclusive.
