[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are watching The Lion King. Timon decides to return BEFORE the beginning, when the story really started. So they come back. Return. Even before Simba was born. Back to Timon's old house which was miles away from Pride Rock. A clam of meerkats hid underground to hide from the hyenas. The worst clan digger was a pompous and self-centered meerkat named Timon. His mother took pity on him, but Uncle Max simply shook his head. The mother suggested putting Timone in the service of sentinel; Timon had dreams of a bigger and better place out there somewhere. Just then, Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed arrived and almost killed poor Uncle Max. That was it. The other meerkats wanted Timon to leave while Timon made the decision to leave. So he kissed his mom goodbye and started. He didn't go very far before he started to get nostalgic. At that very moment he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what it meant so he continued and met a warthog named Pumbaa, who was all alone because of a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa then unite, but Timon declared them acquaintances rather than friends. <br /> <br /> Soon they arrive in Pride Rock where all the zebras, antelopes, wildebeest, rhinoceroses, giraffes, elephants and many other simple animals had gathered. What was happening? Timon didn't care. They insisted. Timon then saw Rafiki on top of the Pride Rock raising something he couldn't see in the air. Just then all the animals took a bow. Was this to honor the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had passed the gas and the animals had bowed to cover their noses; Timon and Pumbaa try an assortment of new houses, but each is uncomfortable due to the incessant song or hyenas or a great wildebeest escape! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves upside down. When they reach the earth, Timon decides to surrender. But then they look at their new paradise. It was beautiful: trees and water fell as far as the eye could see. Timon called the place after a strange phrase he had learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go out to play bowling for buzzards one afternoon when they suddenly meet Simba. They take it under their wing and become paternal figures. They teach him the arts of bad eating and erupting contests. Very soon, a Simba teenager takes on Timon in a snail race. Simba won, letting Timon die to death. <br /> <br /> Then one day Simba's childhood friend arrived, Nala. Timon and Pumbaa knew he would break the friendship. Suddenly, Simba runs away. Nala and Pumbaa run after him, but not Timon. He chose to stay with "Hakuna Matata" alone, until Rafiki "talked" to him, so he joined his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive then. While Simba fights with Scar, Mother and Max dig a big hole to trap Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hyenas. It worked. The scar is soon thrown into the same hole where it is devoured by hyenas. So all is well. Mom, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats go to live with Timon and Pumbaa in the paradise that is Hakuna Matata. Returning to the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the film when suddenly mother, uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to watch it again. Then Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, the seven dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, the Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> Well, I have to say that The Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I hoped. It was too ridiculous and foolish. The original lion king was a masterpiece. He had a serious history with a light comedy. This was simply stupid and made a joke of it. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are too exaggerated. They are overplayed to the point of not being fun anymore, just annoying. The original cast is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame in the role of Rafiki. Among the new features of the cast are Julie Kavner from the long-running TV series (Too) The Simpsons as Timon's mom and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. However, this film is not The Lion King III, and it is not II because there is already a II. It takes place immediately after Part I and Part II is far away. So, it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I don't recommend it to all Lion King fans because it's too ridiculous and ridiculous. However the children will love it so I recommend it to them. I hope this is also the last Lion King movie. Two is enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expect from the sequel makers Disney. <br /> <br /> -
