A director and his crew make their way to the isolated villa Beal, to make a low-cost horror movie about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family in the last century. Even with the caretaker's warnings, the director does not pay attention to the allegedly cursed home. One of the crew members finds a book called Tibetan Book of the Dead and uses some of the steps for the script. But in doing so, when reds raise a ghoul from his grave. <br /> <br /> Boring, confused and vulgar, all rolled into one, is equivalent to this exquisite midnight horror production. What seems like an eternity never seems to go on or prove something effective from somehow decent ideas. Although the director Paul Harrison, with his clumsy and indolent direction, built a couple of disturbing and atmospheric sceneries. But laziness did it soon. The entire film within a film structure takes up most of the film and at the moment little or nothing happens of great interest. Nor is it funny. Think of "Children should not play with dead things (1972)" by Bob Clark, and now we have older actors in the part. However I found "seven corpses" to be inferior. The screenplay initially has a certain sharp spirit, before it ends up becoming gray, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. Even the economic foundations that included limited series did not help, but the dark and gloomy aspect of the villa looked eerie. Performances from a recognizable b-cast are mainly rigid. John Carradine largely lurks in particular. John Ireland plays a hot-headed director, Faith Domergue's washed actress demands attention and Charles Macaulay talks about it. The slow premise is crossed between "Ten little Indians" and your usual zombie trim. However it is not all that involving, even with its occult and supernatural side. They also give them the action of the cemetery, without prevailing. When the rotting ghoul makes its appearance ?? finally, but a little late. It gets a little better if it's very disconcerting. Just like the inspired opening, the finish is deliciously downbeat. Between evil, it constantly drags on. The continuity in many scenes is non-existent, and the scenes of death are more exciting and more bloody (but actually poorly executed) in the film they are making, so what happens to them when the zombie appears. The generic score of the music plays with its thrill, but frank gothic clues, and the work with the camera is organized so blandly with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame Shoot and frame Work done. It is a conclusion.
