This is the kind of movie in which it actually hurts to recognize that in reality, it really sucks. Normally I sanctify things like that! The grindhouse of the early 1970s stands out for its delicious sounding titles and the low-budget atmosphere typical of ROCK. "House of Seven Corpses" seems to have even more triumphs, since the cast is a gathering of great veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the filming locations (the owner's home, the cemetery) they are obviously very expedient for a dark story of terror. The film opens with its most beautiful and memorably memorable sequences, although unfortunately they are the only ones that qualify as such. The credits are a splendid montage, complete with bizarre chromatic effects and disturbing photograms, which illustrate how the titular house has received its notorious reputation. The last seven owners have been mysteriously murdered here and the editing of the credits happily shows their last moments. Someone falls off the balcony screaming, a lady drowns in her bathtub, and another female body hangs from the ceiling and four other macabre tableaux. Needless to say, the house is cursed and the embarrassing behavior of the guardian Mr. Price (Carradine) does nothing but strengthen this reputation. In other words, the house is the ideal ground for acclaimed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror film. The structure of the film within the film is what mainly causes "House of Seven Corpses" to be so boring and uneventful. A lot of film material is wasted on crew members who put film reels in the camera and drag cables or ?? even worse? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay portray stereotypes of horribly intolerable actors. The plot eventually becomes a bit interesting (just a little, be careful) when one of the characters reads a few lines of a hidden book and accidentally awakens a rotting corpse in the back yard. The asthmatic (judging by the noises it produces) zombies slowly moves towards the house and kills the entire film crew, who remembers how the previous seven turned into corpses. After a running time of about 60 minutes, the film suddenly turns from monotonous to simple, strange and confused. I'm still not sure if the final turn has to do with the concept of reincarnation or just coincidence and all the remaining characters seem to suddenly undergo vast mental transformations just before they die, for some reason. I honestly regret having confirmed that "House of Seven Corpses" is a rather terrifying film. The settings and scenarios are dark and chilling, but they are not nearly used to the full effect and there is a serious lack of macabre bloodshed. The numerous low budget gems of the 1970s were incredibly gross, so the lack of financial means is not an excuse and the cinematic murders within the film don't really matter. Even veteran stars, always reliable, offer hammam performances and Harrison's direction is completely uninspired. Not recommended, unless you think that the assembly of opening credits of four and a half minutes to zero minutes is worth buying a copy.
