- A film crew is shooting a horror film in an old, allegedly cursed house where seven people have mysteriously died over the years. One of the crew members finds an old spell book and it seems it would be perfect to use in some of the ritual scenes in their film. It is believed that the spells in the book are written better than the script they are using. But while the book is being read, suddenly the cemetery comes to life. Now the cast and crew are facing a real danger. <br /> <br /> - IMDb lists a running time of 90 minutes. For the first 60 of those minutes, nothing happens. Spending too much time in the film within a movie. Should we be scared by the horror movies that are running? We already know that their film is not "real". These fears do not work. <br /> <br /> - There are very few things to appreciate about The House of Seven Corpses. The acting is atrocious. Most of these "actors" would have a hard time performing a primary school play. The score is terrible. It is very reminiscent of a television series from the 70s and offers no atmosphere. Speaking of atmosphere, apart from a few moments at the end of the film, there is no one to talk about. The logic of the characters is almost non-existent. Even in a movie, you expect the characters to behave in a certain way. Here, I don't think I remember a scene where a character didn't choose the most illogical path at their disposal. And finally, there are those first 60 minutes of the film I have already mentioned. Can you say BORING? <br /> <br /> - I didn't rate The House of Seven Corpses lower due to cases where the film (probably by chance) really works. My two favorites are the beginning and the end. The opening title sequence presents the death of the seven previous owners and could be the highlight of the film. And the final scenes on the massive staircase like the zombie threaten the crew of the film are somehow effective (which a well-known approval). Overall, these moments are not enough to make this a good movie.
