I have three comments to make about this film, which I discovered while desperately spending time on a lower shelf at Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see the approaches that filmmakers take in trying to film essentially unrealizable works. Some have, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", obtained the original author to write a script that is something like the original work. Of course it can't happen here; Kraft-Ebing is long dead. Some have used the premises of the original work as a starting point to go in a completely new, unrelated direction (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can shut it up - the "Slaughterhouse Five" movie is in my opinion an example of this. Or you can simply take the original format and try to render it in film vignettes. This would be the "All you wanted to know about sex" approach by Woody Allen, and probably this movie. On balance, it's probably the only thing you can do with an academic job like "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that any cumulative point of the original work has been obscured or destroyed. And so it is here. <br /> <br /> Point two is the cinematographic style. Some would call it a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's rougher than that. It is too heavy for the hands and conscious to be effective for a long time. In the end it's just annoying. <br /> <br /> Point three is perhaps a less intellectual observation. How did the people responsible for this make a film about wild sexual deviations and perversion that is so incredibly boring? I found the movie impossible to pay attention to, and anyone who is not automatically attracted to descriptions of sexual deviance will find it equally well. I don't want to be completely unpleasant and to say that the film is useless, but I must say that whatever the directors have had is rather obscured by the nature of the source material, by the explicit copy of film styles and by the obstinate refusal to involve the audience on an emotional level (perhaps for fear of being accused of titillation). <br /> <br /> The film is a questionable exercise from the beginning and it doesn't really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
