I just saw DreamGirls yesterday, and I was really underestimated. Despite all the buzz of the Oscars, this is nothing special. Anyone who was really impressed by this film never bothered to see any of the real music classics in the film. Except for Eddie Murphy's great musical and dramatic performance, Dreamgirls is just a glorified TV movie with no style or style. Just a bunch of amateurs singing each other! <br /> <br /> Now, the first half hour was good, but I was irritated by the way Eddie Murphy's extraordinary rave performances were truncated and interrupted by montages. Those were easily the best songs and the best performances of the film. And the "ascent to the top" part of the film was the only part of the film that had a coherent point of view or a moment. The remaining hour and 45 minutes was a formless and rambling mess that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough to be interesting. It was also visually boring and included too many melodies of similar sounds. Condon didn't try to turn any of the melodies into big pieces of the show as I would have expected. Each number in the second half was just a close-up after another of people "singing" each other. And the way they shot Hudson's large number of "love me" was criminal! Condon just shot her jumping on stage: no drama! God sucked! <br /> <br /> And known to everyone involved - that "cant-talking dialogue" stuff might work on stage, but it DOES NOT WORK IN FILM (see embarrassing Evita and Phantom failures). All that "I will give you something of Efff-ieeee!" the shit should have been left on the floor of the assembly room. Those are not "songs". <br /> <br /> Once again, the film - apart from Eddie Murphy's incredible performance - was nothing more than a glorified television movie. There must have been megabucks behind the PR for this movie! I wonder how much money was spent to give him that "one to beat" pre-release for the darkness of the Oscars? Overall this film was, with the exception of Eddie, NOW CLOSE to an Oscar-winning movie! (with the exception of Eddie) I would rate it right there with Grease 2. GREAT disappointment, especially after the hype (very expen $ I have)!
