Dreamgirls, despite Tony's fist winning in an incredibly weak year on Broadway, was never what could be called a jewel in the crown of musicals on stage. However, this does not mean that in the hands of the right cinematic one cannot be enriched and polished into something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, what it transfers to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the twist with all its inherent intact weaknesses. First of all, the score has never been one of the strengths of this production and the film does not change this factor. There are many songs (maybe too many?), But some are particularly memorable. The closest is close to catchy melodies: the title song and One Night Only - the much acclaimed "II Telling You That I Am Not Going" is less a great song than a dramatic script for Effie's character (Jennifer Hudson). The film is polished and technically well made, but the story and the characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in resonance. There is a bit of interest in the opening moments, looking at Jamie Foxx's manager as Svengali who manipulates his acts to the top, but which takes a back seat in the second part of the film, when the story conveniently tries to write it as a villain, although he was right from a commercial point of view for most of the film. Beyonce Knowles is adorable and sings her songs perfectly well, but she is blocked by a character who is basically a surface pomp. Anika Noni Rose as a third member of the trio Dreamgirls has literally nothing to do for the whole movie. Eddie Murphy does well as a singer obviously based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly meaty and ultimately has minimal impact. Foxx looks like the ideal cast, but he looks strangely closed and bored. The greatest strength of the film is certainly the former competitor of the American idol / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, the temperamental singer who is discharged from the group and makes a triumphant return. For me, Effie has always been a big problem both in the show and in the movie. Obviously the film wants you to feel sorry for her and to be on her side, but I've never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. From the beginning, Effie behaves for the most part as a hateful, self-centered, self-centered diva, who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her than having much interest in the group she belongs to. When it is dumped by the group for its non-professionalism and its bad attitude, the accusations are more than founded, but the theatrical show / film seems to think that Effie must be cut without limits simply because it has a great voice. Although the film tries to sweeten some of Effie's tougher sides to make it more pleasurable, the allegations continue to exist. His story becomes more manipulative by suggesting that he should have our further sympathy because he is an unmarried mother who is struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that (much like the talent card) motherhood immediately makes any excusable behavior. In fact, the only major effort the film shows Effie's motherhood is to tell us about it and then include a scene in which she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl has no "father" and then gets refuses to look for work to support them since singing is all they know. In the hands of a skilled actress, the gaps could perhaps be remedied with technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actress. She sings well, but the moments driven by dialogue don't come naturally or make high emotional moments. The moment of Effie's signature (the aforementioned I I Telling You ...) is well sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie should express her anger and despair at her situation, but Hudson introduces himself as a stand-up comedian who exhibits a hot number. All in all, not really the exciting moment you expect. The last part of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver Foxx into Hudson's previous position and allow her to return to the scene and dominate her over all. The criminal crimes of Foxx in the film are undoubtedly par for the course of many struggling record producers, but the apparent implication of the film he received because he helped inaugurate the disco era is rather ridiculous, to say the least pretentious and condescending, in particular coming from a film with all the depth of a puddle. The end result is a faithful rendering of theatrical success, drained of emotions, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.
