Before starting, I want to say briefly that this film is in itself very well done and well interpreted by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who truly deserves his nomination. It's very funny, e. . . taken in the right context as a work by FICTION, it is a great film. For this, I give him two stars. <br /> <br /> However, rather than wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want to emphasize the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a fiction as if it were truth. I stress that this film nowhere in the credits makes us aware that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it presents this character in a real historical context, and allows the uninformed viewer to assume that it was actually real, and what they are seeing is the truth. I have no problem with the fusion of facts and fiction - but to do it in such a dishonest matter is, in a word, reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Africa, along with most of the Third World countries are full of misery and human suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture the suffering of people in these countries on the cinema. But Hollywood also has the eye to make money. The only real way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere, but the West is to try it or for yourself, or at least get it captured in an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these depictions of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much. At the end of the day, they become less on the presentation of facts for the viewer to decide for themselves, and more on how to guide you from an image to the image and hitting you on the head screaming, "LOOK, WE GIVE YOU THAT IT WAS BAD!" The basic example of this can be found by anyone willing to watch the documentary on the DVD after watching the film. Probably the most shocking image of the film is the vision of the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, who he killed when he discovered his infidelity. In the film, we see that his limbs have been severed and reattached in reverse (arms for legs and vice versa). This is the director, making sure you understand that Amin is, as the gungans say, Bom-bad! But looking at the documentary, we learn that in reality this is nothing more than a myth, which the Health Minister at the same time tells us is not true. <br /> <br /> So. . . what . . . DO THEY MAKE UP THESE THINGS? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They don't trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves. Listen, that was murdered and dismembered is in itself sufficient to conclude that Amin was not the nice guy who portrayed the media - we don't need this imagery inspired by the Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE to reinforce it! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What is not explained to the casual spectator is that the main character Garrigan is himself a fictional novel. There wasn't a young Scottish doctor caught under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only to help us stupid Westerners understand the African world. The producers seem to be not interested in a film about Africa unless there is a white face. (Ironically, the titular character is also played by an American black actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer an exhibition of Amin and his regime, but rather an exploiting thriller on a white Westerner who comes to Africa for all the wrong reasons, making several horrible mistakes, and then "rescuing" himself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I must say that it is almost reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amin is the result of an attempt with a fake Scottish doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke for fun! I really wish Hollywood would stop making fun of our money. First I realized his propensity to do this with the sweetest beautiful mind, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman, the sugary adaptation of the life of John Nash, who erased the dark side of man to present only the tortured hero who America can only have enough of it. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years, and viewers, who are predictably and understandably too lazy or indifferent to investigate for themselves, buy these fake hook, line and fold portraits . <br /> <br /> Listen, I'm certainly not suggesting that Amin turned into a villain that he wasn't. My point is, with the truth that is so shocking to convince us of the brutality of man, why does Hollywood have to go so far in fiction? Why must Hollywood continue to insult us by holding hands through these films? Why can't they trust us to think for themselves! Can't we just put honest portraits on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I urge all those who continue to watch the alleged "real" Hollywood movies to ALWAYS do themselves the favor of investigating themselves, and NEVER ASSUME that what is on the screen is even close to the truth!
