Forest Whitaker's performance is even more impressive for making it almost worth sitting in this state. The "historical narrative" does not justify the change of history. The absurdity starts from scratch with the fictional character protagonist played by James McAvoy. To create a fictitious observer in order to give the reader a connection point in the book it is regrettable, regrettable that whites cannot simply read a book without a white protagonist to connect to, but at least it has been put into a certain passive role. Creating a fake historical actor and crediting this fiction with Amin's exposure to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Not making the actions of this creation credible or balanced is only criminal and has opened the door to films like the one they are planning to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic informant of Enron who has NEVER EXISTED. The logic of the world does not apply in this film in which a Scottish boy thinks he is sleeping with the wife of a killer dictator. It does not apply where the dictator's wife wishes to sleep with a stupid, irresponsible irresponsible white boy. For this reason, EVERYONE is lined up to sleep with this thin, irresponsible and arrogant white guy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking his chops. <br /> <br /> Let me tell you, I don't like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him, but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was creepy and perverse. I think Kerry Washington would never look at him twice, so I can't believe that the wife of a powerful and dangerous man like Amin would risk and lose his life for him. I don't believe him as a Doctor, and I don't see the appeal. His character seems to have much more arrogance than it would make sense, and trying to make him look like a dick in shooting the cow was just ... there is still that word ... absurd. Think about it, you're watching all these characters bend over in knots to welcome this amazing main character and there has never been a boy. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks amazing and sounds more British than most English. Whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance, and highlighted, with his incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches, how much he was acting. It is a pity that the film around him had no reason to exist.
