"Women? They are all scrubbers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; Not at all! This is lagging behind "Dad's Army" of the previous year, missing the special magic of the small screen of the original TV seminal altogether, and failing to play in an interesting way with the big screen ... one could almost say that this well film represents a decline of Great Britain, and more precisely of this, a * British film industry * in decline. And this is not a recommendation, is it? To be an example of sad madness ... <br /> <br /> All that remains after the subtlety of the TV original has been surgically removed, Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: infinite, squashed musical signals, yawns , from the theme of Ron Grainer ... strong sentimentalism (that poor ending, with thick ears ... how much the film Steptoe seems more audacious in comparison) a greater proliferation - with director and writers that seem to be completely detached - fully applicable to something like the "wrong monstrosity" (yours really on this site) from 1973, "The Mutations". There is a strangely battered and sharp tone on the scene where Harold is beaten in a rugby club, which I partly detest and reject (so far, as a friend intended, from the mood of the TV series ...), but at least this seems to be an original inclination, and emblematic of tensions that rise to the point of boiling in Great Britain in 1972 ... There is, however, an implicit prostitute, like a "heart of gold" that transforms the free woman -traitor "pon poor auld" Arold - and beyond the caricature of the "class" element; not to mention, the performances surprisingly poorly judged by the usually questionable leads. Brambell and Corbett collude with the script, and in fact they can't cure it from an essential ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock do with all this ...? I will only give you a few moments at work, mainly those in which G & S plays a little more carefully and B & C touches tender nerves - and it's not an unwatchable business overall. <br /> <br /> But, and oh, how this hurts me to say it: it's boring, boring, both voluntarily detached from reality and what made the TV series great, and also fully in tune with the lazy, gaudy, misogynist "fuck you, who will make ..." timeliness of much of what has been allowed to pass for traditional film production in the UK of the time.
