OK, let me admit again that I haven't seen any other Merchant Ivory movie (the distributor). Nor have I seen the director's most famous works, so my ability to discuss Before the Rains outside of the film's analysis itself is mitigated. With that admission, let me get started. <br /> <br /> Before the Rains is a different type of film that doesn't know which genre it wants to be. At the beginning, it pretends to be a love story. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with a supporting character, is separated from the supporting character and is (sometimes) joined to his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover but he can't be with her. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani, and reside in southern India during the waning days of the Raj (British imperial kingdom). Henry was away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and son abroad. What could be better? They often vanish for intimate afternoons until some children notice them. The word spread to Sajani's husband who questions his involvement with Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses for his devotion to him and commits suicide. Please note that these events occur in the third opening of the film. The film changes tone and becomes a criminal drama in its last parts. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered just as Moores's family comes to visit. The alleged perpetrator is the English speaking assistant of Moores T.K. T.K. he knows his master's report, but is silent until his life is threatened. Once declared innocent, he attempts to regain his honor by killing Moores. T.K. it is too picky and leaves it on a dirt path while the rains fall. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, this is not a love film. The DVD cover and theatrical posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man hugging each other in an idealized tropical environment. This image is captured directly from the opening of the film, but quickly disappears. So it's over. It seems an effort to capitalize on Western fixation on forbidden love. It is not at all effective. Not only is the film not a love story, but its characters lack personality. They are bunches of walking clichés. Moores is an arrogant white who does not recognize his Indian friend, the intelligence of T.K. T.K. it is divided between its own inheritance and its educational background. Sajani is a woman incapable of having a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and of course, the Moores family is curious about Sajani's death, but still slightly racist for the Indians. If the tone wasn't so serious, I'd be willing to ignore these problems, but it's not. The film is presented with a didactic background that highlights its poor character development. No, this film is not terrible. Apart from the ridiculous script, it is not poor. The actors all have experience and behave well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even the director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently supervised The Terrorist, which is part of the "Great Movies" collection by Roger Ebert. What happened here? Why is this movie so ugly? Well, Sivan mentioned how he was inspired to direct this film due to a short film he saw in Israel called Red Roofs. Apparently, the plot was "timeless" and Sivan tried to create a similar experience set in India in 1930. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have been too motivated this time. Actors, cinematography and set design are acceptable, but unless you share Sivan's aura, you probably won't like it. My recommendation is that you think you don't agree with him and look at something else. Final Consent: * and ½ on *****
