I can understand after seeing it for the first time in many years as it is considered one of the worst of Laurel & Hardy. For me, it's not as close as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some huge flaws in it. The film is set to show Laurel and Hardy the owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is fun as the protagonist of a dance of "London Bridge", surrounded by stars of 20th Century Fox, while in the next room, Laurel teaches beginner ballet while wearing a ballerina outfit. A clumsy carpenter pours the glue on the floor, leading to a predictable gag in which Hardy ends the loser. Then, the criminals coming, now sell insurance by covering their protection racket. One of these is Robert Mitchum, very young and handsome. But as soon as they intimidate kids into buying insurance, they are arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to the support of Laurel and Hardy of the wealthy patron Trudy Marshall and its inventor, Robert Bailey. First they try to help them hide their relationship from their disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and from pretender Allan Lane, which we can say right away is a good grandfather. This leads to Briggs's hidden bar revealed to Dumont for tea, and to a gag where a carpet is literally pulled from the rich patriarch who crashes his bed into a pond below. When Bailey uses boys to help show his ray gun, pandemonium ensues. The dead-pan butler announces to Case and Dumont that their house is on fire. <br /> <br /> Next, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to earn money to pay the rent on his dance studio and hopes to have Laurel interrupt one leg to do so. There is no reference to the fact that insurance sellers were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they become legitimate insurance salesmen, after being arrested, their licenses would have been revoked). Laurel ends up getting off a bus that had been abandoned by the driver for a presumably rabid dog (just a cake covered in icing that devoured the toto similar to Toto, or maybe the real dog), causing Oliver to end up on a huge beach roller. coaster that somehow the bus is finished, perfectly adapting its wheels on the slopes. Roller coasters can be exciting, as evidenced in "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood", and this is fun but anticlimatic. <br /> <br /> As the story ends, all these gags seem to have no point, giving the impression that it was simply a series of single-hand reels put together to make a feature film, hopefully part of a double bill. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, had lost much of their splendor after leaving Hal Roach's use, but surprisingly here, they don't look as old and tired as in the films made in the same year. If the gags weren't so funny, as in the case of some of their other films, surely they would have classified a "2" compared to a "3".
