For Laurel and Hardy fans, the 40s and beyond were a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios had expired and were now "free agents" - able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired the boys had absolutely no contact with their comedic talents. Furthermore, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing those geriatric men who took pratfalls seemed sad, not particularly funny. Stan looked very ragged and Ollie's weight had swollen to the point where he could barely walk - and so it made me feel uncomfortable laughing at their very calm antics. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this particular film suffers because Fox Studios strangely entrusted them to a supporting role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that reduced their screen time And turned them into insipid "attackers" instead of being themselves. A nice and tender Stan and Ollie is very foreign to the old Laurel and Hardy of the '20s and' 30s - and he seemed just terribly weird and fit them badly. <br /> <br /> Now even with their age, this MAY have was a decent film if it had been written in a decent manner and if the edited studio appeared - and it is quite obvious that they were using the "B" unit "here - with, at best, second-class support. In particular, there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the film are simply terrible - relying exclusively on a sloppy screen designed for the stupid chase scene - which could be considered one of the worst of its kind in film history. <br /> <br /> For the zombie lovers of Laurel and Hardy, it's probably a movie they'll love. But, for team lovers who are willing to honestly evaluate this film compared to their fantastic previous films, it is simply a question of really wanting. In fact, of all their feature films before 1940, I can't think of one that I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, of the post 1940 films, this could be one of their best. Unfortunately, it has gone much worse - with unfortunate films like THE GREAT NOISE and NOTHING, BUT OF PROBLEMS. I just hope the boys have just retired after SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews of this movie on IMDb may reflect reviewers' love for the team any more than it is an indication that this is a good movie? For an audience that is NOT already in love with the team, I don't know HOW this movie will do anything but bore the audience - it will definitely NOT convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comedians. But even the geniuses of comedy need material worthy of their talent.
