This film uses all the artistic clichés (slow rhythm, long static shots, minimal amount of dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there is really nothing worth watching here: there is no plot to talk about, the characters are sad (female lead) or cliché (the character of Tersteeghe), and they never talk about anything about their rather peaceful lives. The film focuses on a woman who discovers the adultery of her husbands. Instead of facing it, she takes revenge by avenging herself by committing adultery. After a fight and a reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asks her husband to stop betraying her. They seem to be gathered in the family. Two other narrative lines - the woman's aged father's planned move with his young wife in Guernsey and the woman's sister rivalry - offer no interesting development. The suicide of a woman's colleague who seems to trigger events in the film is not a topic in itself. For 2005, or for any other year, it is not enough to make an interesting film. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the few possibilities for dramatic development in the script are not used or are consciously avoided, such as when both the woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from their fathers house that will be sold due to its planned move. Both sisters want this particular piece and have given their rivalry in the past - on much more important things than furniture: men - this in theory could lead to a fight. Or the question could be solved by a sister who leaves her place to the other. In any case, this would not be a very interesting or original development of history, but at least it would constitute a development. The film clearly poses this situation (with both sisters looking intently during the marking and a sister mentioned that she doesn't want to draw straws) but cheats us of any resolution: the scene simply ends and like this - in itself rather depressing and materialistic - the problem is solved, it is not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue that is in the film is terribly flat and tepid. For example, when during a visit to Guernsey, the two sisters face their rivalry in a three-line dialogue box that has a childish "yes, it is true - no, it is not". The scene of the struggle and reconciliation with the two sisters is completely devoid of dialogue, giving a highly artificial, excessively stylized and unrealistic impression and considerably reducing its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - turns to adultery husbands in a single line of dialogue to be believed - and is at the same time absolutely incredible. The husband does not seem to have any obvious reaction or if he has any, it is not shown. The woman does not mention her own adultery for her husband. The scene that shows the woman, her husband and their young son asleep on an airliner, observed by her sister, is probably intended as a happy ending, but the way the characters have dealt with the issues of their lives in what it happened before makes it unlikely. > <br /> Because of its slow pace, its uninteresting history, its lead direction and the absurd lack of dialogue, I found this film an example of everything that can be wrong with an art film and a complete waste of time.
