Slither is a horror comedy that does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has a scene that is exceptionally good, any number of gypsies that work, but very few real fears and not enough humor to keep the film. Furthermore, the script does not focus on the hero and heroin, and turns off in several places. <br /> <br /> A major failure of this film is that it introduces and leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) as he is introduced for the first time and becomes the monster. All this part of the film draws - Michael Rooker's character is not so interesting for us as a person, and watching while going through a series of movements while acting in the interest of the monster could be interesting if it were Grant - Portrait of a Man a monster rather than a horror comedy alien invasion movie. Ultimately, the problems with this film are in the script - it's not as important to the audience as the monster acts or propagates. The purpose of a horror comedy is to make the heroes stand in a corner with shotguns and then throw bugs at them, with them having scruples every time something scary or disgusting happens. Instead we get an exploration of the habits and tactics of the alien that makes this part of the film enthralling. The apparent heroine (Elizabeth Banks in the role of Starla Grant) is more central in this part, but nevertheless I felt that the film had left its narrative track, unless she planned to follow Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his team finally face the alien, the film starts cooking, but once again the problem is in the script. At this point the public knows - and the characters should know - that Grant is not only suffering from some disease, and acts accordingly (shotguns) - instead they continually confront each other in the face of growing evidence that this is not something "let us take you to a hospital "is going to help. Even if their reactions could be human and real, these are characters in an action film and, simply, they should have done what the film promised - they gave action. A lack of action scenes in a film with few ideas like this is a big failure. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the outbreak of the alien larval bag (a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the film) the script betrays the film once again. At this point one of the characters is almost taken over by the alien and develops a vision of the alien. The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as a character a completely new character, rather than one of the minor characters already developed. Why? Why did he need to introduce a completely new character over an hour into the movie that becomes central to the plot? The moment this character is attacked, we barely know anything about her and may care less about her, even though she is a very pretty girl in her bathroom. If Gunn had decided not to use this character and had just used one of the established minor characters, he could have completely avoided introducing his family and saving time and money. Furthermore, the hero and the heroine would have been inserted into the alien's plans without all the additional characters, and they could have bypassed the aliens earlier and more forcefully. <br /> <br /> My latest criticisms are based on the appearance of the film. Gunn is primarily a writer, or maybe it was a budget limit, but this movie seemed ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in the woods or on a field, and the screen simply looks sad. The sets of Wheelsy (the fictitious city in which the action takes place) seem cheap. The whole film seems cheap. Box Office Mojo states that the film's budget was $ 15 million, the newspapers say $ 29 million and, considering that they didn't use any talented names, I would say that the money didn't appear on screen. The monster is just repulsive and rarely seems deadly. <br /> <br /> The latest criticism is mainly based on the reality of the character's actions. When Fillion and Co started looking for Grant / the alien, a woman disappeared and Grant is known to have mutilated the animals. At this point I expected the FBI or at least the State Police to show up and take the place of the sheriff. One woman disappeared and probably was killed, and a local acted psychotic. It's time to call the authorities. But in practice I was hoping it would happen because I just wanted some characters that would show up and ACT. <br /> <br /> Although this film is apparently a horror comedy, the film that it most resembles is Dreamcatcher in terms of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. Considering that Dreamcatcher had much bigger problems with the story (in particular the whole Morgan Freeman subplot) and in particular the ending, in many ways it was stronger, especially since the main characters were stronger, but mostly because they seemed beautiful. Although it could be an anathema - preferring the film that is weaker in the general plot and in the structural spine due to production values ​​- which simply shows how uninteresting I found Slither's appearance.
