This film baffles me. I may be just a stupid American, but I don't actually get 400 shots. Everything I read about this film was a real rave, but I couldn't stay interested. I'm sure he was revolutionary in making films like all the critics say, but when it comes down to this, it's really really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, maybe I'm not "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but whatever the case, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad; speaks of a young French boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers, and eventually ends up in a youth structure. This in itself should be interesting, and it was, at first. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but then it is difficult to say because half the conversations were not subtitled and for no apparent reason, so I didn't always know what was happening. But for the dialogue we could understand, it made sense enough. The actors were quite credible, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations. So you feel for the main character, but only in the sense that when you get into trouble you think, well, that sucks. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he has more problems than last time, but the reasons never change too much. And through the whole movie you understand that there is nothing the protagonist can really do about it. So it's more like waiting to see how it ends. The ending, by the way, was completely over my head. It's too artistic for me, and I didn't understand it. Driving to the end was easy enough to follow. The structure was certainly there, and it also made sense, but everything was really pulled out. For the amount of dialogue and significant moments, the film could have been shorter than an hour. It's simply not over. Part of it was unnecessarily long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; for example, the ending was a clip of the main character running along a country road that lasted a good thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure it had a deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather be up for more food during that time. Or at least do something a little more useful than sitting and watching this guy running, like doing laundry or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> Final verdict <br /> <br /> The feeling throughout the film is that it probably would have been very moving and simply unbelievable and that it would have taught me some good life lessons, if only I could achieve this what the director was trying to say from his ?? unique decisions As I was, I felt deceived by two hours of my life.
