This film known as "the four hundred shots" is a translation error. "Fugaire 400 blows" means "living a wild life". As a Frenchman, I am stunned when I see the popularity of this film as good, but not exceptional. 1.Non is the first film of the move "nouvelle vague": check "la pointe courte" by Agnes Varda, (1956) "Hiroshima mon amour" by Alain Resnais (1958), "le beau serge" by Claude Chabrol (1958) are prior. Historically, "les 400 coups" comes later. 2. The "nouvelle vague" was sometimes ponderous and harsh for their predecessors: during the night, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many others were condemned to oblivion. This selfishness and this contempt are typically "nouvelle vague". You never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder) laughing at, for example, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. I know, thanks to Truffaut and co, some people will never discover some French gems from the fifties and forties (Duvuvier "sous le ciel de Paris", "douce" by Autant-Lara, "une si jolie petite plage" and "manèges" by Yves Allégret). he came to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were useless! 3. "Les 400 coups" is technically rather disappointing: it is very academic, the story is as linear as it can be, the teachers are caricatures, and the mother Claire Maurier has memorable phrases like (you must be a Frenchman about 1960 to understand how much it is ridiculous): well, your father only has his patent (middle school diploma) and, as far as I'm concerned, I only have my high school diploma! 1960, barely 10% of the students had HSD in France! After all, Antoine Doinel should have been proud of her mother: she wants me to have diplomas, who can blame her? 4. Compared to the innovations of "Hiroshima mon amour", which presents a new form, and a new "fragmented" content, "the 400 coupes" pales. Truffaut will master a new form only with the much higher "Jules" and Jim ", aided by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau. 5. The interpretation is rather rigid, Jean-Pierre Léaud, probably listenable when nicknamed in English, is still decent, but it will soon degenerate into the most affected part of its generation 6. The topic = stolen childhood had better days, before ("Poil de carotte" by Julien Duvivier, "los olvidados" by Luis Bunuel) and after ("the enfance nue "by Maurice Pialat," Kes "by Kenneth Loach) I do it I don't want to belittle Truffaut, his film is not bad, but, frankly, French cinema fans prefer" Jules and Jim "" the enfant sauvage "( an honest, true and commercially intransigent film for a fault) "the argent de poche" (academic like "400 coups" but much more fun) or his beautiful pastiche Hitchcock "vivement dimanche". <br /> <br />
