It is an axiom of Frank Zappa that "music journalism is people who cannot write by interviewing people who cannot speak for people who cannot read". If you've ever needed proof that musicians can't talk, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at depth stumble upon themselves to end up in monosyllabic comments delivered with frightened voices: "Wow". (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This film is pretentious but, while much of the pontification of Youssou N'Dour and his band of cheerful men (and a token woman) scratch, the music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the film (what I consider the main idea, dragged by the inarticulate comment) is interesting. To bring together a group of American and European musicians and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew up in and out of slavery, at their roots in West African music, and a concert in the old Gorée slave trader off the coasts of Senegal. We are treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including some fantastic drumming in both New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a good deal of N'Dour compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is never entirely clear what N'Dour wants to accomplish. To a certain extent, the film appears to be an exercise in self-promotion by N'Dour. He wants to play his music, he took some jazz and performed in the company of a group of musicians he admires. He is clearly a bit embarrassed by this and at the beginning of the film gets the blessings of the Gorée museum curator. <br /> <br /> The clash between the different agendas manifests itself in several other places. For example, someone obviously thought that it was not possible to tell the history of black music without involving a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his companions are Muslims (a point repeated throughout the film). The entire initial sequence involving black Christians is uncomfortable and then disappears from history until the group of close harmony (the only black Christians who manage to keep a tone?) Appear in Dakar at the end of the film. (To be honest, they present themselves triumphantly and perform the best piece of the film.) If the history of black music needs to nod in the direction of the Gospel, why not also in the direction of Latin America? Where are the black musical influences of the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here the black diaspora does not seem to have produced any musician of caliber, since N'Dour chooses to draft an Austrian guitarist and a Luxembourg trumpet player. Am I in the team just because N'Dour played with him before? What I personally found most annoying, however, was the long sequence that tried to recreate a type of 60's beatnik / black power / Nation of Islam cultural event in Amir Baraka's New York home (a.k.a. Leroi Jones). Listening to people speaks of the importance of "knowing your story", and then in the next breath perpetuating ignorance. Why do so many African Americans believe that taking an Arabic name is an affirmation of their African roots? And why do they think that Arab Islam is much more admirable than European Christianity? Who do they think has established the African slave trade in the first place? The film has little to say about the situation in West Africa today beyond the banality that the "present conditions" are a consequence of all the brightest and best that have been sent away for 300 years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but happy people, gifted with musical talent, friendly and welcoming, respectful of their elders (and not above looking through Americans visiting the fish market). This ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard that N'Dour and the television crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk the streets of Dakar. There is also a strong implication in the film that the slaves who had been taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between the New Orleans folk drumming style and Senegal's folk drums style is highlighted. The last thing the slaves heard before they were sent away was the battery of their homeland, which greeted them. Except, of course, that in general the slaves sent from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or traded from within by coastal Senegalese and sold to the merchants of any European power currently holding Gorée's slave fortress. The people of Dakar are not the descendants of the Africans who fled the slave trade, are they just as likely? more likely ?? to be descendants of the people who sold their black brothers into slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The clash between the two floors is again in the final part of the film. There are two separate endings. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour and Co tried and prepared along the way and which they deliver in the courtyard of the Gorée slave fort. The other end comes when Harmony Harmoneers sings the spiritual "Return to Glory", in the door to the sea of ​​the slave fort. This is deeply moving, although it is difficult to believe that the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a film that is imperfect. Not clear the story he is trying to tell and pull in different directions. Irritating, confused, beautiful and emotional in turn. Watch it (listen to it) for music and feeling, but don't expect enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
