I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I rushed to get "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even though he was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this film not only does without Lee, but it does so without the Frankenstein Monster altogether! Was it a case of "If we can't get Lee, we won't have a monster at all"? Why should they do it? The monster is half the fun of the whole thing !! This film is dedicated exclusively to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his research to end the experiments he had begun in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum. I found the script extremely weak, with the need to suspend the disbelief forced a little too much on the public. I am willing to suspend a fair amount, but this film has become quite ridiculous, which took me out of the movie rather than immersing myself in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant at playing pure evil in this film. To be one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweeter men, he could certainly play a threatening and malevolent role. The supporting cast is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his blackmailed girlfriend to help Frankenstein. A clumsy police chief is introduced, along with his put-on aide, to generate some comic relief, so they are completely abandoned by the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of police will be the Baron's main nemesis, so we are led to believe that he will be the young doctor, and then he will end up being a victim of the Frankenstein brain transplant experiment. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature", and the ending was so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear that they are creating another sequel. <br /> <br /> there are practically no "horror" elements. Yes, there is a beheading at the beginning (outside the camera), and we are treated with the sounds of Cushing that cuts the upper parts of the skulls of two men (back out of the camera), and there is the scene of most shocking and absolutely unnecessary rape (90% of which is again out of the camera). I understand that there is a love for "letting the public imagine it all, because their imagination is much worse than what we can show", but come on, if you are not going to give us a Monster, at least let us LOOK at the few elements " horrible "you choose to include. Showing us a skeleton in the green-lit lab is not just scary. <br /> <br /> On top of a weak script, I thought that the direction was mostly flat. There were a couple of good shots, but otherwise no excitement, atmosphere or suspense was generated. The director himself did "Curse" in 1958 and I thought it was brilliantly directed ... I suppose he was as uninspired by this film as I was. <br /> <br /> The film gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for the powerful and nuanced performance of Peter Cushing ... in addition, I found little in this film that is worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a real Hammer horror movie.
