Even for the 1942 film production standards, the set that HER CARDBOARD LOVER presented was dated to the extreme. The machinations of one half of a couple (husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to bring the other back to the threat of marriage to another, divorce or possible separation by jealousy, humiliation or other the patterns had been made much better in classics like HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both films feature women with a strong and indomitable on-screen presence who play independent and proto-feminist characters. In both films, both women were separated / divorced from their (witty) first husbands and decided to marry colorless men who were their exact opposite, and both would be confused in rejecting their future husbands and rekindling their passion for each other. <br /> <br /> The plot in HER CARDBOARD LOVER changes the genre: here, Norma Shearer in the role of Cary Grant, this time, to defend a former boyfriend (George Sanders) by hiring Robert Taylor to pose as the his gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a more suitable role for an actress in her mid-twenties; Sanders is all the more involved in a piece of furniture - every man who would have fallen in love with his girlfriend, seeing a strange man come out of his bathroom as it happens here, would have thrown away his lights and caused a huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his part as if he were trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not in the inflections of the word, but in the whole essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is the Shearer itself. For an actress accustomed to parts that gave her a sense of intellectual sensuality and dramatic presence, playing Consuelo Craydon seems to put her to grips with excessive acting, excessive emulation and an excess of gesture that, while being part of her style of Acting and more appropriate ten years ago, it makes her look like an extremely mannerist artist who rips the joke out of a situation like water from a pretty dry sponge. It only feeds the fires that tell the theory that gives Irving Thalberg the author of his career and choice of (many of his) roles; because he has played roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on the great successes NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, many reports also claim that at this point she had just come out of acting, that she had lost interest in the whole complex and it is no secret that anyone who has experienced this kind of thing has essentially lost the concentration and can not wait until the retirement or the end of a contract is close to leaving as soon as possible. This could be the case here. She looks hopeless, looks tired, looks uncomfortable, goes through the autopilot instead of living the part. After this film she would have done nothing, but she would have been responsible for discovering Janet Leigh who would become her protagonist as a movie star in the 40s and 60s.
