I could not make sense of this film most of the time, nor anyone else based on other reviews. The opening scene of this film has virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story. In it, a photojournalist with big mustaches cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend. He is in charge of photographing a mountain range. He is said to be obsessed, but I can't say if he heard it from his boss or later in the movie. On his way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on his business trip. Throughout the film, there is this terrible soundtrack, mostly composed of a noisy song that makes you want to scream "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" What really makes a person mad is that the film always seems to be about to become good, even if it never is. There is beautiful mountain scenery and a truly gruesome atmosphere. The inn and the old silent and abandoned buildings scattered on the mountain are quite disturbing. The foggy nights look real, not as if someone had put an artificial fog machine on the set. And the idea, although not original, had potential. But it never gets better, at least not enough to be useful. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange hotelier (you expect him to be called Igor) with hearing problems. There is a scene in which the writer thinks a peeping tom is in his window, but the scene is so dark, I had no idea what was going on. For me it is unknown if it is poor lighting or poor film transfer. In any case, we never know what happened. There is a scene where she walks away during the night. It has never been explained whether it is sleepwalking or hypnotized by the witches of the title. Another scene that is never explained is when their car is stolen, then found, with nothing stolen. They find themselves in this seemingly abandoned mountain village whose only inhabitant is this apparently kind old woman. There are other things, including a wild man chained in a cave that is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer somehow (will they kill him or brainwashed to join them?), The witches themselves, a group of brown women in white robes that do not show up until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the final scene makes no sense. When all has been said and done, many people will say, "Huh?"
