To say that this film is extremely difficult to follow and just as frustrating to sit in is to put it very gently. He also says that the current press available is dark, sad, scratchy, abysmally modified, nicknamed painfully, apparently censored, and in an almost unwatchable form is also correct. This film is in desperate need of a good remastering from the integral, integral, original negative and seeing how reasonably atmospheric it is (and won a prize at the Catalonia Film Festival), it could be worth it. Then again, maybe not ... It is simply impossible to tell in its current condition what kind of film it actually is. It starts quite interesting, if you can discard the pre-credit opening sequence, completely meaningless, involving a deranged little girl, the snake-loving girl named Gerda. The girls' mother, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should have removed the eyeliner a little), sprinkles some gas in the garage and twists the brat. Apparently going crazy like the young Gerda, he goes to see his former photographer (ex?) Boyfriend Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He's on vacation from work, but he's so desperate to get away from Carla that he begs his employers to put him on a job ... any assignment. She frowns "You will be sorry!" as he walks out the door. Well, Mario was assigned to photograph "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I think). Before arriving at her destination, she sees a bomb on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and takes some pictures of her taking off the top of the bikini. Just a little sorry, she claims to be a unique writer, the two flirt and then decide that it would be a nice idea if they went together for the trip up the mountain. When they stop near his place to be able to pack, Mario suddenly hears loud, sinister music. Delia claims to have just heard things. <br /> <br /> So the two begin their journey up the mountain, stopping at a local inn to spend the night. There they meet a strange, partially deaf, crazy-eyed innkeeper (Victor Israel) and Delia says that someone was spying here through his window. The next day, in some trance, she wanders the mountain and is eventually located by Mario, who jumps out of his jeep and runs after her. While he is discovering what happens, someone steals the wheels and they are forced to walk on a piece, finding the undamaged jeep at the foot of a small, old, seemingly abandoned village ... almost as if someone were trying to intentionally lure them there. Well as we'll see, that's exactly what happened. In the village they meet an old lady named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims to be the only person who still lives there and lets them stay at home. Mario takes some photos of the "abandoned" city and when he develops them they are strangely full of people. A little scared, he and Delia start to leave and get stuck in the "insidious" fog and have to pull over and camp for the night. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats that turn into sexy women, satanic rites performed by women in their bras and a mortal fall from a cliff. And yes, coincidentally Carla, the estranged wife, turns out to be also one of the witches. Everything takes place in the gloom and to be honest, I didn't know what the hell was going on most of the time. The final "open" inconclusive is just one more slap in the face for anyone who has to suffer for the rest of this mindless mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are only a few things that distinguish me as really good. The first is the actress Shepard, who has that beautiful Barbara Steele as a mysterious and dark beauty. There is also an excellent soundtrack (attributed to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and songs that have contributed enormously to making this film so atmospheric. Location work is pretty decent, but as I said, printing is as bad as it can be and doesn't make sense, so proceed with caution on this.
