In Europe, it is known as Who Dares Wins; in America, it is known as The Final Option, but under any title this ridiculous SAS action shot asks the public to put aside their incredulous side for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen as Roger Moore's successor in the James Bond films. This guy is so expressionless that he struggles to find work in a wax museum (like waxwork !!!) Fortunately, Judy Davis is available to partially redeem the relationship with a performance as heavy as a serial terrorist, and there is a sequence of ten-minute action that is competently orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. We add that it is a very, very, very long wait for these closing excitations to come around, and I can't honestly say that a couple of hours of waiting for some decent action was worth it. <br /> <br /> The tough man of SAS, Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins), goes undercover among a group of protesters for peace who would like to see an end to nuclear weapons supplies. Meet their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a woman who speaks firmly and with opinions who could only be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie's dedicated group violently besieges the US embassy in London, demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at a naval base in Scotland (she believes that when the world really sees a nuclear explosion, everyone will be so terrified that they will join to her disarmament campaign). Unfortunately for Frankie, he makes the mistake of taking Skellen in his little embassy raid, and he plans to foil their plan from the inside with a little timely outside help from his SAS partners. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired, of course, by the terrible SAS assault on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw that event on the news, apparently thought it would be appropriate to conceive a film on lines similar. Unfortunately, the film is rather trivial, with too stupid dialogues and many embarrassing scenes (the debate of the archbishop going down in a fight, someone?) Frankie's idea of ​​causing peace by instigating a nuclear explosion is still ridiculous, so he becomes a ridiculous figure just when the public is about to see it as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins seeks to be a celebration of the military legend that is the SAS, but at the same time is immersed in clumsy cliches of action and ill-conceived plots. The result is a well thought out but completely ineffective slice of Boy's Own's absurdity.
