So this film was acclaimed, glorified and brought to incredible heights. But in the end what is it really? Many of the ways it was designed to work for a hearing audience on the screen do not work. The fairly academic machine work keeps the signature tarnished, and the scenes that are in ASL are difficult to follow as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent. The vocal interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, with the excuse that the character of Hurt "loves the sound of his voice", increasingly transforms it into a strange distant object while the film goes on. Matlin shines in the few scenes where his signature is not partially hidden from view. However, most of the film, when it comes to a love story, is shown only from a single point of view, that of man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the battle of two people on the common ground they will communicate on, it is not right to make the whole film on the terms of only one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that a dentist teacher who uses methods that have been imposed in many deaf schools for decades would be presented as "revolutionary" is quite offensive in itself. His character weakens as a credible teacher while the film goes on. Drawing deaf accent comedy is, quite honestly, rather low. And his attitude towards male students in his class is rather symptomatic of how he seems to act with women: as an authorized man. A party scene that involves a number of deaf people including some academics who meet together leaves him seemingly isolated, in a fairly inconsistent way with his credentials: I saw that the interpreters spontaneously exchange with each other even when they weren't at knowledge of the deaf person is in the area, yet somehow feels like a fish out of the water in an environment where his education should have made him perfectly accustomed. As a lover, he looks like a typical stubborn boy, including his tendency to act possessively later. Yet the film is, in effect, only really seen through him, like everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving other deaf children are, in general, wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the billiard scene, even the initial scene of sleep that should bring some - all these scenes that try to suggest the isolation of the main deaf character are broken metaphors, at best: many people I know dance to the bass beat who hear deaf people (instead of writhing like copulating chihuahuas), and going for an evening dive for a hearing person is rarely an excuse to make a profound statement about the isolation of deafness ( no, seriously, when I go swimming, I go swimming) ... <br /> <br /> He also fails to complete the play, making it instead the story of a deaf woman who submits to a strong man. Even if the original work ended with a fairer ground, where both must accept each other as they are, and where he must finally recognize his true voice is the movement of his hands, not the vibrations in his throat. > <br /> And for all the breakthrough that may seem, Marlee Matlin remains the deaf Hollywood woman to date.
