There is something in most of us, especially boys, that admires some populists of the "small city of real men" of the working class. And Sean Penn offers us a cherry on the cake. Hey, many people use Penn as a political scapegoat, but I don't consider films or actors / directors based on politics or personality. This is what commentators on the right like Deksie Schlussel, a former writer of fake films, comment on. While acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this image was a simplistic piece of dreckless aimlessly that he has since expiated. <br /> <br /> Ok, you have the juice of this, there is a good policeman, a small soldier of the city, Joe, played against the type of David Morse, who in the opening scene chases a boy in a country road in large cars of the sixties. The villain stops, leaves, shoots him, so Joe has to make him explode. There was no explanation for what prompted this man to do something so desperate and violent and the dead man's parents make a whim at the police station while Joe feels really sad and guilty of having to kill someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer forced to leave his land in a cop job, is a good basic guy. Then he introduces his brother Frank, a sadistic, overbearing amoral, just out of the army and Nam, where the war is thirsty for blood. Some people here and in other reviews have only called it an irresponsible hell that raised their younger brother and Sean was trying to clarify what John Wayne's culture and war is for good people, but what I saw was a bully amoral sadist who enjoys hurting and tearing people. Then there are mom and dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who take the necessary turn as an old-fashioned couple, then die; she for illness and he for suicide with the shotgun, to advance the story for us. Both times, Frank, the villain, is far from being a miserable SOB. But the good Joe takes him back to Podunksville from prison, so Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his slovenly pregnant wife, completely stupid. But Joe has a nice wife, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican and Sean uses this as an exercise in some embellishments affirmative action of Joe good and his true soul under his uniform and crew cut. For me, this was an utterly useless affirmative subtitling that Sean uses to burn his cruel gullible by sucking Mexicans because Mexicans are so strong and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we have the requisites events like stealing a friend's car, stealing gas station beating the clerk over the head and then burning the car and all those fantastic things that hell farmers do . Then there are the 8mm flashbacks of young Joey's mandatory film that dutifully move the lawn and the Franky-dressed cowboy jumping on his back and fighting with him and yadda yadda, so we all know what a deep bond there is between them . <br /> <br /> So the film revolves around with a lot of small town schlock to warm the heart of every red statuette. Accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixties songs like Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin that were totally inappropriate, except for the effect of the 1960s, to win the hearts of old hippies. The worst crime is that since the film was inspired by a Springsteen song, "The Highway Patrolman", that song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's dead wife goes into labor and Joe escapes to the bar to load up and catch some drunken populist victim on how difficult things are while good Joey drags him to his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank comes out without a particular reason and beats his friend Ceasar to death after Joe Joe has left the scene. <br /> <br /> So Joe chased his bad brother and I was hoping he would do the right thing and destroy that threat to society. Instead we get a scene in which his brother stops in front of him in some old juno from the 50s on a lonely street at night, and little Franky in her cowboy dress and hood guns get out of the car to face Joe, the flashback 8mm kid home movie sequence. Oy, that sucks! So, to complete this damn party, is there anything Zen about the Indian courier, which is a messenger, becomes the message, ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean did a lot better than that so don't be afraid to lose this.
