If my memory is correct, when this film was released it seemed something of a comedy - a fun look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's how it should be, it doesn't really work. It's not so funny. Setting aside what is rather significant (since it is called comedy!), Since I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which is behind the scenes in a Massage in Toronto , except to say that - if it is true - life is rather boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this film does not give us much of anything except a basic knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the new manager of the massage parlor whose basic job is apparently to make sure the girls don't give "full service" - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy a living room of her own in order to run her own business, Cindy is an illegal immigrant in Canada who works to keep her family at home and Leah is - well, Leah is a bit weird, undefined character with a fetish nipple - true - that seems to be in business because - well, because she's inside! I have no idea what his character was. Those three may have fairly reasonable composite characters that accurately represent the motivations of the women involved in this business. <br /> <br /> The film unfolds and doesn't offer much until the "twist" reveals to Conrad that he is the villain. We should have arrived at that point before. The only really interesting thing here was that part of the story: Conrad's secret plan and revenge plotted against him by the girls. That plan of revenge was pretty good, and you're grateful when it comes out because you're wondering why you've wasted your time with this. If the story had been more focused on revenge, this could actually have been a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances of the 4 protagonists were all OK, although I didn't think anyone had ever seen each other in an exceptional way. All four characters were a bit superficial. Cindy was a sympathetic character, and so was Conrad for a while, even though he turns out to be the bad guy in the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what there is is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is also a certain air of innocence around all this. As for the overall quality of the film, it is a low-cost effort, which shows, even if you expect a certain roughness, I suppose, of a film set in the context of a beauty salon, so it's forgivable. He certainly says something, however, that this was released eight years ago and is still the only merit of the script of the screenwriter and director Soo Lyu and - given the normal lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - which was not even considered worthy to be nominated for any Genie Awards - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a little generous with that.
