I recently took this smelly bomb of a movie on a cable channel, and it reminded me of how terrible it was to think of it in 1980 when it was first released. Many reviewers are not old enough to remember the enormous clamor that surrounded this film and the struggle between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King. The hugely popular novel had legions of fans eager to see an alleged "master" director put this multi-layered supernatural story on screen. "Salem's Lot" had already been ruined in the late 70s as a television miniseries, directed by Tobe Hooper (he of the fame of "Texas Chainsaw Massacre") and poorly managed, turning the worst villain of the book into a "Chiller Theater" "Vampire without real threat, thus destroying the whole premise. Fans hoped that a director of Kubrick's stature would succeed where Hooper had failed. It didn't happen. <br /> <br /> Sure, this movie looks fantastic and has a formidable opening sequence, but after those few achievements, it's all downhill. Jack Nicholson can't be anything but Jack Nicholson. He's always crazy and didn't bring anything to his role here. I don't care that many reviewers here think that he both of this in this clinker, "Here's Johnny!" despite this ... it's just horrible in this movie. So it's everyone else, after all. The Scatman Crothers character, Dick Halloran, was essential to the book's plot , yet and Kubrick kills him in one of the thinnest "shock" sequences ever staged. I remember the audience of the theater that I repeatedly saw whistling during the last 45 minutes of this miserable film, the ones left are ... many have left. King's books never translate very well into the film, since many of the narratives occur internally to his characters, and often metaphysically. Kubrick has abandoned the tension between the living and the dead in favor of the style here and the resulting chaos ends up so far from the original material that in the end we don't really care what happens to whom. <br /> <br /> This film is still stinking and because so many think it is a masterpiece of horror is beyond me.
