ATTENTION: this review contains SPOILERS. Don't read if you don't want some points to be revealed to you before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With a cast like this, you wonder if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting. They saw the script and said "Hey, Close Encounters of the Third Kind was such a success that this can't fail". Unfortunately, it does. Did they even think of checking the credentials of the director? I mean, would you make a movie with the director of a movie called "Satan's Cheerleaders?" Greydon Clark, who later directed the infamous "Final Justice", did this. You wonder how the people of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 can beat "Final Justice" and completely lose "The Return". <br /> <br /> The film is set in a small town in New Mexico. A child and a girl are on the street unattended one night when a powerful flashlight comes on. A spaceship appears and hovers over them. Probably in the worst sequence of special effects of the film, the ship throws a kind of red ink on them. It seemed that Clark had taken a glass of water from the camera lens and dipped his leaking pen into it, so you were treated with the cheese right away. However, the ship leaves and the adults do not believe in children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, who I find to be a terrifying actor (he looks at his scenes in "Ghost" for proof, how exceptional they are), who plays a seeker, or as I called him, the 1949er Miner. He leaves the cave he is in, and he and his dog are inked from the ship. Twenty-five years go by and she grew up to become Cybill Shepherd, working with her father, Raymond Burr, studying unusual weather phenomena. Or something similar. Shepherd discovers some strange phenomena in satellite imagery about that small town in New Mexico, and she travels there to study it. Once there, the local farmers harass and blame her for the recent decay of mutilation of cattle that is happening, and deputy Jan-Michael Vincent comes to her rescue. From this point on, the film really drags on while the two fall in love quickly, especially after Vincent blocked the locals and informed Shepherd that he was the boy who saw the ship with his twenty-five years earlier. While this boring mess is happening, Vincent Schiavelli, with his killer dog by his side, is walking around killing cattle and all the people he encounters with an unusual object. Do you know those stores of glowing plastic wands that sell sweets or Halloween treats, the kind that shake you to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those light sticks to burn incisions in people. It is the second worst effect in the film. Whenever Schiavelli is on the screen with the magic wand, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly becomes dark, as the filmmakers thought the magic wand needed that improvement. It ends up making the film even cheaper than it is. <br /> <br /> And what does all this lead to? It's hard to say when the confusing final scene arrives. See, Burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as a sort of "business card", but none makes sense. Why does Shepherd and Vincent get old and Schiavelli doesn't? Schiavelli explains why he is killing livestock and people and why he wants Shepherd dead, but even that doesn't make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why don't you kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he had twenty-five years to do it. And the aliens won't need him if Shepherd died anyway, so why try to kill her? Speaking of aliens, it's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that Shepherd would come back? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made "The Return" more pleasant. You would still have bad lines, a really bad acting, especially from Shepherd, cheese effects and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars have escaped this film. Cybill Shepherd soon starred in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent has appeared in dozens of B movies, often in exaggerated parts. Raymond Burr made a bunch of Perry Mason television movies until his death. Vincent Schiavelli has become a major actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who played a kooky law enforcement officer, quickly did the awesome "Alone in the Dark" and the horrible "The Being" before shooting in the movies he was recently famous for. You can bet that none of these stars will ever want their careers to return to "The Return". The score of Zantara: 2 out of 10.
