I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his yellows and splatters are among my all-time favorites, but this TV movie is extremely summary and not what I expected from the great Italian director. The film is neither interesting, like some of Fulci's most domesticated, or gory like most of his cult classics; leaving it so lacking in both main areas, and ultimately ensuring that the film is not very good. The film works on a plot that has been used many times before, but it is always an idea that always has the possibility of giving life to an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife, which is the last unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who is not exactly well-liked and after he dies from apparent stomach bleeding, there are not many people who are sad to see him go. This means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife, and so he decides to try to reach the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this venture is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video I saw this film is proudly proclaimed that the film is "in the style of HP Lovecraft", and is one of the most glaring attempts to sell a film I've ever seen. There is nothing that reminds us of the great horror writer in this story, and the reason for this slogan seems to be due to the similarity of the title to the Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft film, "From Beyond" - which is much better. The film benefits from a clearly Italian style, and the score is quite good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci has seen fit to roast every scene contained in it positively - and therefore the theme quickly becomes annoying. The plot takes place in a really boring way, and most of the scenes simply involves the ghost 'desperately' trying to find things out, or the daughter puts her suspicions on her family members. This film was made for Italian TV, so it's not surprising that it's all rather docile. There is some blood and a nightmare sequence with zombies; but this is not the Fulci that we all know and love. Overall, this film is extremely mediocre and is not a good representation of Fulci's talents. It's not worth it, unless you're a Fulci suit.
