Now I am a lover of the film genre B but this piece of garbage insults me to no end. First of all the film is played by Lizzy McGuire's brother as the annoying little boy who goes in search of his lost 3-legged dog. Now, please, what kind of stupid ass makes a mistake with a three-legged dog for a damn mutilated crocodile, please, I ask? And here's another point to ponder, why do they show that the Dinocroc on the back of the movie box is huge and actually in the water? I believe that if the memory serves the thing spent around 2.6 minutes in the water and was only a timid 6 feet tall, that was a pain in the ass. But the redeeming qualities for this film were that it was so ugly that I almost died of laughter because believe me that bad acting made me want death. But the fact remains that once again this thing is created by another military test site to train super crocodiles for military combat or something like that from the source of all the evil things of E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters we see that we masturbated at # 1 as the male protagonist and the halfway decent chick (who doesn't know how to act) as the female leads to what I say WOW! The only thing worse than acting was the end, of course, that the heroes go through what seems to be talking about 2 hours and plan a long and complex way to kill the dinocroc just to fail and kill it in a normal way that might have required about 15 seconds to come. All in all this film went beyond homosexuality with its random operatic music in the background and the fact that it was probably the most gay of all CGI monsters ever made together with the fact that it was obviously impervious to bullets and bombs (otherwise it wouldn't have been were made for the military DUH!). By far the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother runs into the shack and the dinocroc eats it by popping his head with a crackling noise I might add. I think you'd better shoot yourself between the eyes to look at Dinocroc. And as for the director, I think we should convince a lot of people to hang him from a loop and all take turns kicking him in the horse for wasting an hour and a half of our life until his death and then I can go on living.
