"Plan B" is a strictly numbered rate except one thing. Incredibly, I found it rather offensive. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this film and plays his usual slim, selfish and arrogant character who was really captivating in "Pretty In Pink" and has NOT been fun since. Scratching does not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blonde and struggling (breathless!) Actor who is just worried about his hair and fucking. Let's talk about a stock market character ... ugh. At least the other three characters are quite engaging. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a caring, optimistic and caring couple who are struggling to conceive. Since they are not dramatic queens, however, their roles are apparently considered boring and do not receive enough screen time. Sara Mornell completes the cast by playing Gina, the usual pretty and beautiful young woman who just can't find the right partner in love. I've seen this character a million times before, but at least his performance overcomes some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of his situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me about this film was the youthful promotion of stereotypes. They introduced a Russian character with the sole purpose of mocking him and making fun of the way he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, ignorant and incredibly superficial. They were just warming up for the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to be gay for a while since she had no luck with the boys. Honestly. It wasn't so bad, apart from the fact that they went overboard when Gina took a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends were throwing. Her lesbian date had very short hair (as I'm sure all lesbians do). She also got angry (as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina had the courage to put on lipstick (!). Finally, his date wanders around the party that affects almost all women and makes them understand when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how gay people can't stay faithful for a couple of hours, let alone months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement.) <br /> <br /> This film was based on a tired and predictable premise to begin with, but Ciamm's unlikely performance combined with idiotic stereotypes plunges this film deeper lower than cinema. 2/10
