Imagine that by adapting a James Bond novel to a film, the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense to make it suitable for children. Or, if a television producer told Chris Rock that he couldn't be rude, his special offers could be classified as PCs. Similarly, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" brought out the enthusiasm and blood in favor of melodrama for the younger audience. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In an attempt to make the story of "Something wicked in this way" easier for children, the directors have eliminated the theme of good and evil, both present in all, and the good always prevailing over evil. This is evident in the transformation of the character of Will, in the rescue of Jim by Charles Halloway and in the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> The transformation of Will into a more adventurous boy was turned off in the film. The scene where Dust Witch visits Will's house in a comic was cut from the movie. Instead, a green mist follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream of the Witch and her spiders. The ball's attack shows us that Will started to overcome his fear of doing things alone. He sits on top of a neighbor's roof and tears the ball into a bow, defeating the witch. "Sorry, Dad, he thought, and he sat up, smiling, this time I'm out alone" decides Will as he prepares to face her (147.) Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventurous . The film shows us many examples of how Will is afraid to follow Jim, but he never becomes as curious as his friend. In the book, Will has a good, quiet side and an "evil" and daring side like his Jim. In the film, each boy has only one way of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's theme of both good and evil present in every person. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will saves Jim because of their friendship, but, in the film, Charles Halloway saves Jim to repay Jim's father. Will drags Jim from the carousel of Bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up without him. It's the beauty of Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, who saves Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel, Jim "gestured with the other hand to scrounge the wind, the only part of him, the small, white, separate part that still remembered their friendship" (269). This shows that there was something good about Jim, who has the potential to defeat evil again. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the film, he does it to repay the debt he owes to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a kid. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers ruined Bradbury's original idea that he loved us to win against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a kid and Charles Halloway smiles and laughs at him like that so much so that he cannot stand it and evaporate. In Bradbury's world, bad people feed on fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love. His message is that good always prevails over evil, but only if that goodness is expressed outwardly. "The good of evil seems evil," says Charles Halloway while holding Mr. Dark. "So I'll only do good to you, Jed. I'll just keep it and watch you poison yourself" (275). In the film, Mr. Dark is the only one left on the carousel when lightning strikes him, and he dies. By eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles, filmmakers claim that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if lightning struck only those who are bad. This takes away the main theme of Bradbury's book, which is that doing "good" to others prevents evil. <br /> <br /> The good can always triumph over evil, but trying to make films more suitable for children will always force directors to leave out some of the themes from the books they are based on. In the film, "Something Evil in This Way Comes", Will does not change, Will's friendship does not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not defeat carnival. As a result, the directors left out too many major Bradbury points. The process of adapting a book to a film too often ruins the world that the author has established. In the case of this story, Bradbury's terrifying world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a more domesticated, simpler version of itself.
