Before you begin, you need to know that I'm a big fan of many Sonny Chiba movies. His biographical series of his master's life, Mas Oyama, were incredible and among the best martial arts films ever made, as were most of his Street Fighter films. The action was virtually non-stop and, with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who he asks), he was the greatest martial arts professional in the 70s. Because they are so good, I've seen at least 15 of his films and recently bought more (which I'm about to watch). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I have NOT a zombie who loves man so much that I rate EVERY movie at 10. There are some reviews like this here on IMDb and I really think that anyone who gives this film at 10 should be ignored because this is such a bad technical film and it's not even close to being Chiba's best work. A score of 10 is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically this film is horrible. Part of this was the result of my seeing the dubbed American version, with its irrelevant prologue and ugly dubbing. But most of the problem still exists with the original Japanese press. Camera work is simply atrocious - as was done by chimpanzees (smart chimpanzees, but still chimpanzees). Often, much of the fast martial arts action is missed because the camera is so slow or the tops of the actors' heads are cut off due to poor production quality. And, again and again, the camera opens and goes off as if it were a new toy used by an idiot and the assembly is beyond miserable - with cuts made at random and in a confusing way. <br /> <br /> I don't know if the score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. A kind of acid rock from 1970 mixed with the music of "Spaghetti Western" by Ennio Morricone - it was annoying, distracting and simply silly. <br /> <br /> As for the action of martial arts, I think having chimpanzees choreographed would have improved things a bit. Instead of the big fight scenes you can't wait to see in a Chiba movie, the fights are too short and often missed by the camera !! So what's left is the story ... and this could just be the worst part of the movie! It should be an anti-drug movie with Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film starts, he swears to destroy drug trafficking in Japan. But the mafia (complete with not a single member who looks Italian, but who are ALL Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when a woman comes to Chiba with promises to give him information on how to destroy drug trafficking, he agrees to help her and risk his life without conditions - even though he NEVER openly tells him what he knows! In fact, later it appears that she's just trying to use Chiba to protect her while she sells a huge briefcase full of cocaine - and CONTINUE trying to protect her !! This makes no sense and for most of the film it looks like they just shot the film without a script - like when they went to bars and brothels and made Chiba walk as if he were drunk. <Br /> <br /> So if it was so bad, why does it still deserve a 3? Well, first of all, there are many other horrible marital art films (like many of those in Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with boys dressed in gorilla suits who do kung fu and their conductors with long tongues feet that they used to fight (now THAT It's bad). Secondly, while the action is very negative compared to the other Sonny Chiba films, compared to his contemporaries, it's not so bad. However, you could easily do much better than this horrible little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if this is Sonny Chiba's worst movie, it certainly isn't! In one of his first films, INVASION OF MEN OF NEPTUNE, Chiba plays a superhero who wears tights that fights against the pointy-headed invaders of the planet Neptune. It is so ugly that it rivals PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE and HITLER SAVED THE BRAIN to be terrible. <br /> <br /> A final note to parents - Like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this one is very violent and has its share of boobies. DO NOT let small children look at this, no matter how much they ask! Make sure they wait until they are older before letting them watch martial arts movies with miserable R ratings!
