The best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of Sonny Chiba, this movie offers you a lot of him. Chiba makes speeches; Chiba pose; Chiba grins; Chiba looks at the camera; Chiba punches and kicks the living sushi from a bunch of bad guys; Chiba sits on sofas and chairs and looks thoughtful / pensive; Chiba drives his car ... <br /> <br /> I like Chiba as an actor and martial artist ... but also for a Chiba fan, this movie could have a little too much Sonny Chiba. It's obviously something of a vanity for him. And no, I wouldn't put "Street Fighter" in the same category, because in "SF" he plays a ruthless and amoral anti-hero and shares the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and enemies. Here is front and center almost all the time, and tries to be Batman, Captain America and Bruce Lee in one. Toshiro Mifune and Chow Yun Fat failed to make this film for the duration of an entire feature film, and Sonny just got tired of his welcome. At least he could change from time to time. <br /> <br /> The film is further messed up by a completely free and poorly made introductory sequence (apparently attached to the front of the film for the film American Version) and a goofy cheerfulness "(" Viva !! Chiba !! Viva !! Chiba !!) that starts things on the wrong foot. There is a surprisingly amateur and inappropriate dubbing - apparently Sonny (or his usual English interlocutor) has not bothered to make the voice for the American version, so they got some bad drugs with a voice and a completely different and more fluid dialect that is quite upsetting coming from the face we all know and love from "Street Fighter". <br /> <br /> Even with all those flaws and overexposure, this could still be a minor classic, but the camera works and the fighting scenes are irreverent. I'm willing to believe that Karate really works if someone who's amazing how Chiba's character should do it, but the director and the cameraman have covered their bets by cutting and modifying combat scenes with a weed whacker so you can't really see what it's going on most of the time. It's not so bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there's at least one memorable and nightmare moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a really inventive way. <br /> <br /> And as for the real plot ... forget it. For a "bodyguard", Chiba's character is something of an idiot. The script depends on the fact that he made mistakes and oversights that put him repeatedly (and his "client") in dangerous situations, so he could get out of them, and after 30 minutes, he tolerates even the most credulous judgment to think that this boy should be good. (Also, if his character was really ready to destroy Japanese drug trafficking, he would take his client to the neck for 10 minutes in the script and shake her until she chatted like a castanet until she spread her little secrets. ... and a lot of unnecessary deaths and conflicts would have been avoided.) <br /> <br /> Overall, this film is far from the bottom of the barrel. It's still Sonny Chiba, and it's still fun to watch. I paid a penny to get this from the DVD rack deal in a mega local market, and I feel it was worth looking at it once.
