This is easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and this is saying something. The song of viva Chiba, alive Chiba is listened to the title, soon you will sing for you stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia is using drugs in Japan and the vowels of a man to stop them, of course it is our man, Sonny Chiba. The Karate teacher offers his service to anyone who can provide information on drug lords. A woman comes forward and becomes the bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? Let me tell you at this point who cares? Soon we are treated or tortured by a series of badly choreographed fights and a lame plot that becomes more and more laughable at all times. In the end, Sonny wipes out the bad guys with his karate skills, the end of the story. Oh yes, the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations you may have just seen the funniest movie ever. <br /> <br /> As already stated, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. What makes it semi-guardable is to see how badly a film can be made. Some have already mentioned the infamous American introduction to the film. This is probably the funniest part of the movie and it's beyond fun. I would agree that it is worth looking only to see how much the 70s karate scene was lame at the time. See how Aaron Banks leaves a guy hanged from his nuts and then spins a fat student (bad assembly) punching him in the throat. But everything is bad in this film. Incredible terrible fights, false I mean fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. A man to eliminate a whole drug problem in a country? I bet. Fighting after the fight is ridiculous. It was the 70s when people still believed that karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba takes him to new levels with some of the nonsense staged in this film. We see that he kicks a gun in half, kicks a guy so strong that it looks like his prosthesis is falling and, obviously, cutting off the bottle scene, give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to say what happens in the fighting because it turned so badly. A part that was fun was when he broke the boy's arm through the door giving him a compound fracture. OK. As the action continues, we are treated with drops of blood, really fake blood. Also to say that it looked badly done is euphemism. The acting is totally non-existent in this film. I don't expect much from a film of this caliber anyway as long as the action is good, but it wasn't and as expected the dubbing is extremely poor. Was it my imagination or did they dubbed the Asian go go dancer with a black accent? As expected from the wardrobe of the 70s, you will be upset to laugh at some of the trends and bad women propose for free nudity that comes with these gestures. Also, why should the mafia be so obvious and all the trench coats and black hats all the time? Don't try to hide it now. Even the characters were stupid. The owner of the pimp club, one of whom is dressed in a Japanese pimp and the other has a taste for boredom, looks like fat hippies. Also one last thing that bothered me about the whole film was the horrible music with some women hunting whales. It was very annoying. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a terrible film both for martial arts standards and for the good film making. That doesn't mean it's not funny. With such a bad film, it's hard not to laugh for most of this movie, if you can stand it. This was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it were purely bad, I would give a star, but the laughter they give you will swell. 4 out of 10.
