Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon show consisting of 2 15-minute episodes shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictional and comic book Washington D.C. and focuses on satirical and childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way, and act as minor characters. <br /> <br /> The pilot of Little Bush, with the expectations of this commentator, has shown himself to be a rather superficial and esoteric production, which barely supplies his promised promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. While it must be admitted that the premise of the show has SOME value, although it would be difficult to imagine a show almost completely based on the denigration of a single political character to survive to continue producing episodes after the expiry of his mandate, the execution that can only be described as sloppy at best, and at worst, at worst, ruined the show's poor potential. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, who could be technically classified as a "satire", tends to ignore his actual use of the particular instrument of comedy in order to exceed his objectives in exceptionally vulgar ways (but not particularly original, fun or funny). The constantly weak writing of the show often consists of something more than the recording of Bush / Cheney lines heard elsewhere in nausea and placing them all in a single block of 30 minutes of television. As such, most of the jokes that the writers presented were shameless clicks, some of which have been around for more than 6 years. Comparing the vice president to Darth Vader, for example, may have been fun in the first 300 times that one heard it on the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno, monologue / any talk show in the late evening -All , but it's not fun here. As if that were not enough, the show's plots seem to exist simply as a means of advancing the same old, boring Bush jokes that writers have made at the center of the program. <br /> <br /> In the defense of the show, when writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity) it is often somehow funny. If the show were to widen its depth a little, and place its characters in new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old errors and "bogs" perpetuated by the Bush administration, so not having to rely on the same old jokes on Bush and once again, the show could be considered a bit tolerable, and perhaps even innovative. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it is difficult to ascertain what failure causes Lil Bush's series of damage; its clear lack of originality and poor writing quality, or its painfully narrow ambitions. It is reasonable to expect Lil Bush to be able to maintain a small base of leftist fans, that is, if they can withstand exceptionally poor writing; as long as the program continues to whet the Bush administration completely. Even so, most viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and unnecessarily vulgar attempt at satire, and tunes in to search for something more intellectually stimulating; The price is right, perhaps.
