The carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's fun. How important it is how much I try to convince myself, I can't believe that nobody in this world can find this funny for serious reasons. I mean come on, even the cover is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. Those "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast, yet when you see them running, they run at the speed of ... an actor in a rubber suit trying to run as fast as he can. And the explosions are fun (there's no other word to describe it). At first, a bullet hits a Jeep AFTER a guy says "What was that?" ... And the other explosions are also ridiculous. But the worst thing is the script and the so-called story. You don't expect a good story (or, I think nobody trusts this film, you expect a good movie) but at least history must try to make sense. I mean, how hard it is to make a dinosaur story by killing at least consistent people. Incredibly difficult if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to create credible commandos like your characters, tell the authors of this horrible, horrible piece of shit. I mean, what sick human being would make cheap jokes after one of his friends died? And they do it a lot. And if you think that a dinosaur killing movie can be at least full of action, WAKE UP !!! This film is incredibly boring. The carnosauri (who invented this crippled name anyway?) Attack (in boring action sequences in which you don't see much happening). Soldiers think about how to beat them (in incredibly fun scenes where they really try to be serious but can't convince even a second). So, they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea doesn't work (another ridiculous sequence of action). Back to planning (with some limping jokes thrown in) into another ridiculous scene. And this goes on, on and on. And let's not forget the acting that is as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh OK, this movie simply sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
