OK, I had more hope for this Carnosaur movie simply because it looked like the sequels were getting better as they came out. I liked Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought this is newer so it must be better, right? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was extremely confused with the casting. They brought back Rick Dean for another featured character and Michael MacDonald as a cop. Now for Rick dean lol, in Carnosaur 2 I thought it suited the role well and was not much bothered by him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow they inserted him as an elite soldier. Now we're getting stupid here. The film actually started off pretty well with a decent shooting and dinos escaping from there small freezer trucks, but as soon as Scott Valentines' team showed up we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances from delayed and floppy dinosaurs. <br /> <br /> I will start first with the raptors, they had the tails that drag the ground, which in the second were raised in the air that seemed more common for a dinosaur that can reach up to 50-60 mph. Now, when they ran, they moved back and forth and the heads didn't move at all. the hands were messy everywhere and since they had been scarcely hit by the director they looked stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> The t-rex was extremely pathetic, it would have been better to use one of the previous 2 films. At least that seemed a little scary. This film always seemed to smile. The legs when they walked were hilarious, like John Wayne in the old West, all with stiff legs and all that. LOL another thing I noticed is that the hands didn't move, they were stuck near his body so it looked and sounded (god the sound effects were horrible) delayed !!! Now, if I were the director and realized that I should work with this, maybe I might have tried a little harder to hide the false fact. As for the rest of the film, this was the slimmest and loudest military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used would have made no sense for the scenario. They also had a tug-of-war scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs roamed, now I was tickled by this scene because I thought that while this stupidity was happening, the Dinos would come in and cause some damage. Instead the director has lost about 7 minutes of our time. I'd like to watch this movie like the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies. You have delayed the delayed military dinosaurs, a delayed scenario and you have 83 wonderful minutes to devote to your day watching this. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying I wouldn't watch it, bc actually I do recommend everyone to see this movie that takes 83 minutes of pure fun. It might seem like I'm joking, but I'm actually exaggerating with this movie. It's really a lot of fun to watch because when you look at this you think to yourself "did the director really take it seriously?"
