I really can't see the actual extra value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be fun. There is no disloyalty or gratuitous nudity (although there were many opportunities). There is no blood. There is no suspense in the first hour of the film because there are many scenes of tourists having a party and natives playing funky tribal music. That last part was really fun on many occasions: you see these natives hitting congas and 'jembés' and that's exactly what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass-line to the soundtrack. So where was the bass player? At one point the natives get angry and start killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? It should be because the evil white men build this tourist complex, which according to their myth has reawakened the wrath of the river, god of the alligator (in reality I lacked the explanation for that). But the natives helped build the resort for several months, so why the sudden anger? And how the hell did they manage to push the helicopter into the water ??? It's all silly and useless. This film also features the thinnest African American model I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> At some point our heroic driving couple visit this cave where a bizarre and crazy old man lives. The only point of that scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, it's made of plastic and it eats people. The same for me. The alligator is a rather stupid creation. He is very rigid and immobile and does not even beat his feet when he swims. The eyes do not move even when they are taken up in the foreground. I imagine they didn't know "animatronics" then in Italy in 1979. There are also many inter-cut shots of the local fauna. I suspect it is archive material. <br /> <br /> As I said, the first hour was rather lame and the only reason I didn't turn the film off was because my cat was sleeping on my lap and I didn't. I want to wake it up sweet. But the last half hour of the film has improved. Finally we can see some action when the alligator swims through a horde of panicked people who snap their teeth and crunch. The funniest (and at the same time funny) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van over a bridge and collapse. We're looking at a version of the van's matchbox that falls into the river here. Funny. But well turned. In fact there are many other pleasant photographic movements. Surprisingly for this type of film. I wanted to point out some stupid details about the end of the film, but I don't want to completely ruin it, in case I decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent alligator movie, look at Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit, that's not Italian and it's not a JAWS rip-off, but it's definitely more fun. And if you are interested in other films made by director Sergio Martino, then I highly recommend the intriguing 2019: AFTER THE FALL OF NEW YORK. That is an exaggerated rip-off of every possible existing post-apocalyptic-future-catastrophic film. "Italians" and "rip-offs", two words that get along very well.
