Dennis Hopper is without doubt one of the best underrated American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a cop on the case of a child serial killer. Most of Hopper's films have always played on psychotic threats threatening to blow things up or go on a murderous binge, but in this film, Hopper did his best to maintain that intensity and emotion while wearing a shield. Once I got into the film's plot, I was won over, but it's just the little things that eventually killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the film is fantastic - not just the cops on the move to capture the killer, but we have a chance to see how the gangsters work in capturing the killer. The sub-stage of the football stadium is rather ridiculous, but it is necessary to involve the gangsters in the killer hunt. <br /> <br /> This is all that is good that can be said about the film. Although Hopper tried to act like a smart and robust cop, I can't help but feel that his acting was below average, and there was not enough conviction that he was really fond of the case. Even the direction was terrible: he didn't have the feeling of a real movie, but rather of a production of films for TV. This is most evident when the gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to oust the killer. When the main gangster shoots the other little gangster in slow motion, the acting was weak, predictable and terribly unexciting. At that moment I knew that, first of all, the action would be atrocious. <br /> <br /> Fishing with the camera was amateurish, and the recall scenes or disturbing images of the murderer's little sister had no distinctive effect. If it had to be scary, it wasn't. Everyone's acting was terrible, and even for Hopper, I didn't feel for his character, and I didn't care much about his relationship with his daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most is the swat team. Once I saw the swat team in action, I was thinking, finally, of something good. But I was wrong. First of all, the whole swat team consisted of 4 boys. This is simply impossible. Secondly, apparently the SWAT team has no training whatsoever because many times in the film they carry their HKA4 machine guns with them. If the killer had hidden near the ladder with a rifle, these 4 idiots would have been torn to pieces because they didn't even aim for anything or pay much attention. They should have had both hands on the cannon that was pointing forward, but it looks like they are not taking work seriously and are waving. Third, members of the SWAT team do not shout commands like "Keep your eyes open, pay attention to yourself, we are ready to go ... etc." In fact, they use manual signals or have radios. But they're literally screaming at each other - how can you take the killer when he hears you're coming ??? And to top it all, these guys don't have a plan - apparently they're just running up and down a wild chase in Turkey. In the end they end up doing nothing. This was the last straw. I am not an expert on special forces, but in practice what I have just outlined is rather common sense. When the public knows that the film is terrible, the action becomes practically life-saving for the film - when you can't even make an effort to make the action exceptional, the film is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest cannot be credited. If you want to see a mystery, don't worry about it. There is a lot of crime in the film - but it has a lack of thrill.
