Antitrust falls precisely in that category of films that aspire to make a certain point while they are lifting, but it falls completely flat. I don't hate the movie, but key elements like suspense are missing. There have been other attempts to make an engaging movie on computers, like Hackers and The Net. They are all short of it. The unlikely conclusion of The Net and Antirust seems to be almost identical. These film endings suffer from a huge mistake in perception: people in the PC business have this ego ego too indulgent that presupposes that the general population lives its life waiting to hear the latest PC and software news. I have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to suffer from an enlarged vision of their own importance, as well as this film. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced the lines of the plot was pathetic. Showing Milo, who is mortally allergic to sesame seeds, almost ingesting one from a restaurant in a bread basket has crossed the line of stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from dying safely. This makes you think of how Milo could have survived as long as he did, challenging the dangers of Big Mac buns and sesame seed breadsticks, while hiding like, well .... sesame seed breadsticks and Big Mac muffins. < br /> <br /> Even the Antitrust does not provide much suspense. The twists and turns, modeled and predictable, are easily identifiable long before they are revealed (come on, was someone really stunned when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying any real value of shock. And here, too, we have another film / story in which in the end the bad guys are chasing the good guys to "take the record". We must have a moratorium on this simple storyline of Simon for about 20 years. Anyway, I insisted. Perhaps the ending would be the result, but no. The completely ridiculous ending where we have the head of corporate security, another alleged villain, turn around and be the good guy that allows Milo to drop the CEO of N.U.R.V, Gary Winston, was ridiculous. And, of course, the journalistic coverage of Gary Winston's arrest is more hectic than when Hinckley or Oswald were arrested. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cut-out of the same character played by Robbins on Arlington Road. But this fits perfectly here in Antitrust, which should be called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original'. <br /> <br /> In the coming years, this film will probably be banned, to be shown only on your local third rate UHF channel.
