When I sat down to watch this movie, I actually expected a little more, as the plot deals with rather complex issues. The use of football as a springboard for complication was also an interesting approach. Still, unfortunately, despite his courage to face controversial issues such as cultural clashes between Muslim and Western culture, adding generation conflicts and prejudices against gays / lesbians, he lets you fall into resolution with a rather simplistic relief for all the suspense accumulated in the whole movie. This leads me to the impression that the producers have taken on a task a little too big to deal with, trying to be deeper than they could manage. <br /> <br /> However, this does not mean that the film is directly negative, since it makes conflicts rather credible and even fun. The film manages to be engaging and fun in this subject, but as mentioned above the writers seem to have gotten a little too deep. This led to some fairly unrealistic character behaviors towards the end to deal with rising conflicts. This way you drop the ball at a time when the producers could really show brilliance by bringing the film to another level of appreciation. <br /> <br /> Although the film does not in any way attempt to be a profound piece of drama, the setting has so much potential in the plot that it becomes a disappointment when "the ball falls". In this way the film goes from being a good and reflected comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left out in the Hollywood finale. So even if the story is engaging and you can endure the large amount of montages, you can't help but turn your eyes to the resolution. Personally I was close to shouting "finish already !!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There were some decent performances in the film, and the two young female characters in the center had some good moments. So did their parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassing piece of acting, which allowed the film to lower itself a bit in terms of realism. He didn't even seem very nice, but rather self-sufficient despite his good deeds, which makes the impending conflict between the girls a little forced. <br /> <br /> I give the film a 4, as it was a compelling story and they looked for a nice perspective to tackle the subject. The script and the cast had many believable characters, giving the public the chance to recognize themselves or others. If the disappointing ones had not been so disappointing, I would have easily given the film a 7 or an 8. If you liked this film, I would recommend the movie "East is East", which I think is a great, if not better rendering of cultural conflicts, besides being fun and engaging.
