I saw the trailer for this movie a few months before its release, and MAN, it seemed scary, especially as this film was based on a real phenomenon. I was incredibly interested, and I thought this could finally be a decent horror / thriller movie after years if it sucks. Well, you know how movie trailers make a movie look better than it is: maybe showing all the scary parts or playing down certain elements. The advertisement for the film did both, which led to my final disappointment. <br /> <br /> This is by no means the most disturbing film of recent years. Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that week's release. This film takes the whole thing "based out of the fact" too far. <br /> <br /> This movie was not a complete shit. I have to admit that it aroused my interest and Michael Keaton was credible as a man seeking answers by supernatural means. In addition to this, however, this film is a great cliché. After John's wife dies, he learns the EVP, which broadcasts the voices of the dead in everyday electronic devices. Suddenly he receives messages from his wife! My God! It is not just his wife who joins him, they are other dead people. Damn, imagine. A film about helping dead people. Come on, give me a break! The clichés do not stop there. There is also the obligatory trick to stop the clock at exactly the same time every night and three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only was the film's cliché, it wasn't SCIA. The film has literally two jumping scenes and those two scenes are almost identical. The ending is horrible, as it leaves the WIDE OPEN port for a sequel. There is also a final message with a message saying how only 1 of the X voices heard through EVP are threatening, with a good happy tune. Way to break the mood, guys. Gee! In the end, if you want another forgettable horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason I could think of someone watching this film is because he's a fan of Keaton or interested in EVP. Sure, the aspects of the EVP might be slightly interesting, but I don't like my movie concepts to be pushed into my throat and jumped into my face. This film tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. You know you have a lame movie when ads use ghosts to talk about movies there. "VEDER THIS THIS FILM NOT MORE."
