The life of John Rivers as an architect and family man took a bad turn when his wife disappeared and ended dead after a bizarre incident that involved changing a tire on his car. During the days she disappeared, he confronts a man who followed and tells him that he was in contact with his late wife on the other side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course he doesn't believe it but then he hears strange phone calls from his phone and so he contacts the man to learn more about E.V.P. Soon enough John is hooked on it, but something supernatural doesn't like him to interfere with the dead, because now others contact his wife, white noise is predicting events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD sat on my shelf for a while now, I thought it would be better to watch it because it wasn't my copy. But then again I don't think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, since they didn't question me about it. Oh good. So I decided to give him a play, since I was in a non-demanding mood. After listening to and reading all the bad press about it, I didn't expect anything remotely good, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, plus the 60 minutes, since the last half hour was pretty confusing. The film has never been as beautiful as it could have been, but the time is slightly accelerated, even if it is a rather warm supernatural thriller. I thought it wasn't all a waste. The first hour I found some rather interesting effective sequences and there is a ghostly fear generated by a slow progression of subtle immobility and tragedies that haunt you, but unfortunately this occurs following a sudden arrest in the film. This is the moment when the predictable forced fear of jumping comes into play and somehow does not fit the context. It gets pretty frantic, noisy and very confusing with its MTV-style editing and the kinetic photographic work that comes close to the action. I could not understand what was happening in an uncertain and sudden climax. The whole explanation of how everything fits into the larger picture is pure hokey. It is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it goes for something big, but it hits the bottom. I thought that until that moment they had done a good job with lighting and the eye-catching shooting work. In addition to distinctly raw lighting, the score has kept this atmospheric film dark. All this is done in a very polished way with its shiny and sophisticated hardware, which makes it extremely sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and the story. There is no lasting connection and feeling in this inconsistent material. After a while, he simply tries too much to convince you that he falls into manipulative shivers and bursting into many things to make the blood freeze from beyond the grave. It became quite repetitive as he watched someone watch a blurred TV screen after a while. The E.V.P machine was the star of the show. Well, it had more impact than soft performance. Michael Keaton is more than capable actor, but lately he has disappeared from the map and here offers a modest performance like the dangerously obsessed John Rivers. It really deserves much better, though. All the others are rather fragile and forgettable. Not for performance, but for the lack of depth in their characters. This clunker was not bad to start with, but it goes to pear drastically falling. <br /> <br /> I would not like to see it again and I would not recommend it to anyone, unless you are not interested in the subject and enjoy the recent Hollywood crop it has produced horror / thriller. It's just a pity that this over-produced film failed to put it together successfully, as he had promised in his idea and in a more than decent cast. I didn't hate it, but what a disappointment.
