Absolutely one of the worst films of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the underdeveloped characters and the irritatingly stupid premise. It all starts when Michael Keaton, fresh from doing nothing interesting since Batman, loses his beautiful wife, Anna, in a car accident, probably caused by the fact that he was driving one of those convertible VW bugs even though he had to be rich. In his grief, Batman moves into a new apartment and takes a hobby: he does not record anything and then looks at it. He learned it from a very fat pathetic man who was murdered by three gloomy high men who lived on his TV. Very soon, he starts to see people dead, thanks to EVP, or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which is evidently this agreement where the dead can send messages to living people via tape recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones ("Anna's cell call? she is ... DEAD! ... They must be ghosts. Mhmmm. No other possible explanation. It would be better to start joking with this indiscriminately. ") etc. Because they can't just write something on a piece of paper or throw some things down to form creative pictograms it's never explained. ANYway, in the end Batman discovers that he is actually seeing the future, and decides to go and help this woman he doesn't know. He comes out of his house just in time, because the tall, dark men enter right after he leaves ("D * mn!) I can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but I'll be d * mned if he can be in time! I'm right, boys? (They nod in a confused agreement). "). He keeps track of this lady in a warehouse and discovers that this character from the first ten minutes of the film (it looks hard, or you will miss it!) Is actually a serial killer who works for three high dark demons, who in Raiders of the style of the Lost Ark swoops down and kills him, resembling the cartoons they are. Just then, some detectives show up and save the lady. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message over the grave by apologizing to his son for being an idiot, evidently feeling that the best way to protect his son from the horrors of EVP is to expose him to it. The little boy smiles. No stages that guy, even when his father, Batman, of course, starts talking to the TV. The high point of the film was when someone's phone rang and someone shouted "It's Anna!"
