Casting bone to choose from: David Jannsen was 38 years old and played the father of Robert Drivas, who was then 31 years old (yes, I realize he should have just left college, but the clues in the script make him be a moccasin and therefore probably he is 24 years old -25 in the script --- which still puts Jannsen in parenting classes in Junior High). I assume the AMA wrote a medical miracle in his 1938 Year in Medicine. This film has not aged very well and now its main interest is just to see an instant hit of Sin City, around 1969 and all the incessant smoke , weird hair (Drivas has an atomic comb that makes it look like a fashionable Cousin It) and trendy well that accompany it. If anyone remembers, LV was not exactly London ... the city cuddled the mass gamblers and codgers in those days. Drivas is sexually ambiguous; his father thinks he could be gay (in a sad irony, Drivas himself died of AIDS at age 47) and the soapy conflict is from the generation gap (ahem, as if it could be called 7 years apart). Sonny boy wants to be his man and dad wants to take him to the casino (Caesar's Palace!), And confronts him with the girls (including the horny Edy Williams money). It is interesting to note that the son does not seem to care about being considered gay - unusual for the time and a nice Brenda Vaccarro is close to swooning platonically about him. That nudity that there is is terribly lame --- only what was needed to engage the public for an "R" assessment in the early days of the MPAA evaluation system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and X). The editing is HORRIBLE and there are stupid overdubs on the part of The Committee (a neo-avant-garde comedy troupe from the late 1960s that mercifully disappeared from the map within a couple of years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack dealer ... apparently preparing him for a role as floor manager in the much better CASINO two decades later. Give nothing, but they would have faced the character of Mr. Rickles with electric tools and a hole in the desert. A curiosity at best, far from the usual work caliber of Joshua Logan. Dos / Dias. Now go watch CASINO again ...
