New York, I Love You, or rather entitled Manhattan, I Love Looking At Your People In Sometimes Love, is a clear example of the difference between telling a story and telling a situation. Case in point, look at two of the segments of the film, one in which Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman in a street and proceeds to chat with a hateful sexy speech, and another with Orlando Bloom trying to make a movie with a incredible request by his director to read two books by Dostoevsky. Although the latter is not a great story anywhere, it is at least something that has a beginning, a central part and an end, as the composer tries to score, gets Dostoyevky dumped into his knees, and eventually gets a little of help (and perhaps something more) from a girl with whom he spoke as a link between him and the director. The scene of Ethan Hawke, however, does not resemble anything, and feels as if it were a stroke of luck added or directed by a director who called him (or, for that matter, Hawke with a combo by Before Sunrise and Reality Bites) . /> <br /> What is annoying about the film in general is seeing the few stories that work really well against the one or two possible "stories" and then the rest of the situations that develop that are made to connect or overlap to each other (ie pieces involving Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It is not even so much that the film set practically always in * Manhattan * and not in New York of Queens or Staten Island or in the Bronx (not even, for example, Harlem or Washington Heights) - lacking a good dose of diversity, given that there It is a little. It is the lack of imagination that is found in spades, for better or for worse, in Paris, J'taime. Mostly it has little to do with New York, except for passing references, and at its worst (the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment) is incomprehensible to a scary level. <br /> <br /> So, basically, wait for the TV, and do your best to get in and out of the movie - in, that is, for three scenes: the aforementioned Bloom / Christina Ricci segment which is fascinating; the segment directed by Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very funny story about a teenager taking a girl in a wheelchair to the dance, just to have a big breakthrough; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as an adorable elderly couple strolling through Brooklyn for their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be lost, including Natalie Portman's directorial debut and the return of a brother Hughes (only one, Allan) on the screen. A mixed bag is making it light: it's like having to look in a bag of mixed peanuts full of nasty peanuts to find the few almonds left.
