Have I always been a bit subdued by the original THE HOWLING (1981) by Joe Dante ?? so I wasn't particularly interested in controlling any of its sequels; some time ago, I captured HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALS (1987) ?? from the same director of this ?? and I found it to be watchable but nothing special. <br /> <br /> The second episode, however, has a bad reputation and I knew I would have enjoyed watching it ?? if especially to wallow at the sight of the dear but pompous icon horror Christopher Lee who writhes in the middle of everything (the croaking star has pathetically stated several times in interviews that he didn't appear in a horror film since his last photo for Hammer Films in 1976 !). Anyway, this film should have carried the subtitle "Your Movie Is A Turd" ?? be surprisingly inept in all departments (starting with the important werewolf trick)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and dialogue) is not only terrible, but has the clearest connection with Dante's film ?? Strangely, the author of the original novel Gary Brandner wrote this same author! Yet, one of the undeniable highlights (and ... low points) of the film is useless elliptical editing ?? who tries to give the whole a semblance of style, but only serves to accentuate his embarrassing factor! Equally nosy (and grated) are the transitions between the scenes, the inane punk-rock theme song and low-cost special effects at the peak! <br /> <br /> And the characters, then?: Lee is the expert werewolf, of course, who all think he's crazy? until they come into contact with the monsters, that is; at least, however, we must admire the ingenuity (or courage) of the creators in conceiving a stupid subtitle with a double meaning! Incidentally, Sybil Danning (like Stirba, Werewolf Bitch - the subtitle with which this is known in the UK!) Is quite attractive in an assortment of outrageous S & M dresses ... but her character has practically nothing to doing (except presiding over his line of followers and engaging in the excessive hilarious sex of the werewolf!); its two snarling seals (one of them a slender black girl) are particularly irritating. <br /> <br /> Helping Lee on the good side are the two yuppie heroes (being the brother of Dee Wallace's character from the first film and she a colleague of his) and a band of guerrilla type Transylvanians (again, they generally succeed to overcome the rather stupid werewolves of Danning without effort!). Remarkable among them is a dwarf who throws a knife that gets a particularly unpleasant death (but, at the same time, breaking); he later returned to life, under Stirba's control, to lure Lee (making childish pranks against him in all the streets of the village) into a trap. This last scene must be a career nadir for the distinguished and imposing actor ?? well, either this or the first sequence in a nightclub in which Lee is made to wear a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses so as to seem inconspicuous among young people in celebration! <br /> <br /> In the end, if I were forced to mention elements in this that were not entirely unhappy, I imagine that I could say that the ossuary (in which heroin must be sacrificed) is interesting, or that the werewolf / bat hybrid creature (Danning's pet that likes to "inhabit the body of its victims" is too weird to be scorned ...)
