Bad shot, poorly programmed sequence and amateur sequel to the 1981 classic by Joe Dante. "The Howling" is one of two or three SINGLE films of werewolves ever made and yet it has been "rewarded" by a series of hateful and unbearable sequels like this. If it's a consolation, "Stirba" is only a sequel of name and there is absolutely no connection with the characters or events introduced in Dante's movie. The plot here revolves around a bloody cult of transsylvanian werewolves? mainly female ones ?? led by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning who transforms herself from a curvy old lady into a blonde super-babe (with an impressive breast) in the blink of an eye and becomes all hairy when she is sexually aroused. His archenemy is played by a seemingly fatigued Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? he is a hidden investigator who travels in the kingdom of Stirba, accompanied by an American couple who lost their friend for the worship of werewolves. If you are looking for only dirty and free nudity ... this is your movie. Even the smallest murder is shown in great detail and we are also treated to exploding eyes and the vile image of a dwarf being pierced on a pointed fence. However, if you want a small substance or depth, you will be deeply disappointed. The dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no tension to be detected anywhere. The writers seem to constantly confuse the werewolves with the vampires (transsylvanian setting, garlic, wooden stakes ...) and the splendid balcony of Danning is shamelessly exploited as the only gimmick of the film. During the credits, a shot in which she tears the shirt, is re-mounted repeatedly (according to my colleague Dr. Gore, no less than seventeen times!) Which is rather pathetic and useless. The music is ok and some of the landscapes are quite beautiful. I'm talking about the fierce-looking statues during the opening titles and the dark dungeons of Stirba Castle. Directed by Philippe Mora is a gigantic casino and ?? as far as I'm concerned ?? his only film is "The Beast Within", published three years earlier.
