The Howling II begins as if it wanted to go on with a bizarre and surreal narrative by Christopher Lee, whose image is imposed on a moving star field, oh and even a skeleton appears for some reason. He says "because it is written that the inhabitants of the Earth were drunk with his blood and I saw her sip on a hairy beast and held a golden challenge full of filthier fornication and it was written on her forehead, here I am the great Mother of # an incomprehensible word that I could not understand, no matter how many times I rewound the tape and tried to, I'm sorry # and all the abominations of the Earth ". This initial narrative means absolutely nothing and is simply bizarre. After the opening credits that are set in the Transylvanian architecture shots, we receive a caption on the screen that informs us that we are in Los Angeles, California, USA, City of Angels. I knew I was going for 86 minutes. Probably not too long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and it's Karen White's funeral. After the ceremony, Karen's brother, Ben (Reb Brown), is spoken by a "hidden investigator" named Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee) who says that Karen is a werewolf and that he will come back to life. Ben rejects this nonsense. But along with one of Karen's friends and colleagues, Jenny (Annie McEnroe), she visits Stefan at her home. There Stefan talks about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning) who is the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photograph taken at Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is an extremely fierce and dangerous Werewolf that Karen wants. Stefan says he will point any Werewoves through the heart with titanium. Ben understands that Stefan means that he will also play with Karen, so along with Jenny he will go to the cemetery where his sister's crypt is to stop Stefan. However, a lot of werewolves show up and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and discover that Stirba is in Transylvania. They all decide to travel to Transylvania and prevent Stirba and his werewolves from conquering Earth by creating a centuries-old curse. Once there, they go to a small town called Vlkava which means "where the wolves live" and meet with the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but loyal group of werewolf hunters, hey what else can I call them? Oh, and even a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) helps. Follow Mariana who hope will lead them to Stirba. But Stirba knows about Stefan's arrival and has Ben and Jenny in store for him. Will Stefan manage to put an end to Stirba's plans for world domination? Will this film become more bizarre or surreal? Look at it and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora, this is a strange mess of a movie. It is badly modified because some sequences skip incoherently. The single biggest problem is the script by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on his novel that is everywhere and makes no sense or introduces us to appropriate characters that we like. Fortunately it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre is always happening to entertain the viewer. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who love "bad" movies this is right there with the best of them. There are orgies of werewolves that are simply bizarre to look at. We get some werewolf weapons. The sets and settings seem so out of place and I don't know if this was shot in Transylvania, but it doesn't seem like what I thought was the mid-80s in Transylvania. The castle of Stirba is partly underground, partly Gothic castle and partly modern luxury house. Stirba and the costumes of his servants are very exaggerated, Stirba wears a dress that seems to belong to an S / M video and to be honest with her it looks very sexy, and even his henchmen wear skimpy leather clothes. The special effects of makeup go from good to poor, a dwarf's eyes explode, someone has his hand torn and a priest has a creature emerging from his mouth but this is not a film full of blood, even though there are many sequences effects with transformations and attacks by the werewolf. There is a lot of nudity and Stirba and his minions are a real pack of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by a horrible rock music I hated and I ended up turning down the volume. The acting is weak all round and what was Christopher Lee thinking about when he accepted this film ?! I wonder what you think. Basically the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it a pretty funny casino anyway. Impossible to recommend but kept me looking until the end. Speaking of which the end credits overlap with what appear to be deleted and cut movie footage, it also features the same shot by Sybil Danning that takes off her dress and shows her breasts probably more than 20 times! If it's your thing.
