I'll have to add a dissenting comment here. Several reviews I read have compared this film to those of Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. that is one of the admirable flotilla of mandarin gluttony that has come into our possession in recent years. Unfortunately this is not accurate enough. The film is more like an attempt by a film diplomat to emulate these masters. All the pieces are there - the beautiful background, the vaguely minimalist dialogue, the slow swaying cameraman, and the male voices, in particular, who spend a fair amount of time sitting around being contemplatives. It looks good but unfortunately nothing is up to it. Dialogue is guided. The acting generally is not able to lift the characters above the type; the married couple and the little sister are particularly poor and uninvolving. Unfortunately when the character's mediocre action is combined with a classic "Chekovian" (ie very predictable) storyline, the results are at best boring and at the most painful. I could not help but see the river scene of the "Blue Danube", for example, which verges on the parody of genres (even if the "springtime" sky on the river provided a bit of black humor ...) Actually I went to this film based on the fact that Mark Li Ping was photographing him. While the setting is elegant, and the waving camera attempts to replicate the "Flowers of Shanghai" atmosphere, the film is not in the same league, visually. In fact I have to confess that after an hour of doubts about whether it was the script or the acting that was ruining the film, I suddenly remembered that I had to meet my roommate for dinner and I had the chance to leave (and I can't remember the last movie I came from). I'm guessing from the reviews that the ending may have left a positive aftertaste but at that point I couldn't care less. If you'd like to see something on similar lines made with real talent, then I'd recommend anything of the two directors above, such as "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both filmed by talented Mr Ping (the first with Chris Doyle ), and both are films that are masterly enough to inspire years of failed emulations like this. It is not often that Mr. Hoberman takes me astray, and perhaps you'd rather listen to him, but don't say you weren't warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
