This is the first of "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" from the BBC series I saw, and if everyone were like that, I might not look anymore. To be practically the complete text of the play is all that "Romeo and Juliet" has in store for him, devoid of all the other departments. Alvin Rakoff turns out to be a terrible director, both from a technical and an artistic point of view. In the first case, because he makes mistakes that even a first-grade film student would avoid wisely. Consider, for example, the first badly modified shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the nurse who enters Friar Lawrence's cell, asking where Romeo is with him so much in front of her that he would see him clearly even if it were blind. And, in the second, because every single performer is misdirected, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly like I always imagined she was Juliet, and she doesn't seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is totally devoid of any kind of passion. Patrick Ryecart in the role of Romeo is even worse, being not only boring as Juliet, but also too old and not even beautiful, like a combination between Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. Putting them together makes it impossible to think that they feel anything for each other, not to mention the main actors of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his debut on the big screen, plays Tybalt as if it were Darth Vader, which is a huge mistake that takes away the complexity Shakespeare intended, no character is a hero or a bad guy, but all defective humans. This Tybalt is so petty that we don't believe in the pity of the characters after his death. As for Paris, I kept thinking of "Prince Valium" by Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to do justice to the character of the nurse. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this production is not able to make us empathize with the characters, because the characters do not identify themselves with each other and never saw them believe their roles. The best version of the screen is still by Franco Zeffirelli. But to be honest, this episode of the BBC is not as bad as abominations like the flashy geriatric version of George Cukor, or the crime against humanity which is Baz Luhrmann's MTV video. 4/10.
