Superficially, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", got together with many of the great artisans and women behind their previous collaborations. The protagonist of Gene is Cyd Charisse, one of the best cinema dancers of the '40s and' 50s and, unlike the usual "It's Always Fair Weather", this film gave them the possibility not only of one, but of two dances . Lerner and Loewe were the emerging team behind such successes as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli had already demonstrated their bloods collaborative juices in the excellent "American in Paris". <br /> <br /> What happened along the way? Why is the film itself so stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make the film, despite his previous artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps because the film's innate conservatism was just a little too much for MGM and a step backwards for Vincente Minnelli. But once trapped in this task as the inhabitants of Brigadoon are trapped within the limits of his city, Minnelli tried to turn it into something that would be fun in a particularly distracting, if not liberating, way. The end result is really horrible to see. <br /> <br /> While focusing on the naive fascination of Minnelli's previous successes as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", the plaid socks worn by the inhabitants of Brigado cannot evoke the illusory nostalgia of those places that have never been. His whim does not even match the shiny luster of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate" because the settings of the highlands seem at the same time too specific for a fantasy so exotic and too general for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon that I can at least talk about are the discontented man who tries to escape and the unfortunate traveling companion played by Van Johnson who accidentally shoots him. The general proceedings in the Brigadoon township are too arcane and provincial even to be attributed to a form of backward Christianity: they seem positively pagan in their appearance. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadoon, the honorable and more generally "good" pastor of the city sacrificed his place in the alleged blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At some point we are assured that "everyone is looking for their own Brigadoon." Suffice it to say that the box office of this image confirms my own suspicion that many of us are not looking for this kind of heaven almost nausea. The premise itself is ridiculous and almost insulting, but it could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly himself is the most paternalistic thing in the film, and Charisse is horribly mixed as a virginal optimist in much the same way that Lucille Bremer was an unbeliever in "Yolanda and the Thief". Van Johnson makes his best version of Oscar Levant's classic assistant to Kelly (even turning 3 cigarettes at some point as Levant in "AIP"), and provides many fun moments. But he says something for himself if the best part of a great budget extravagance with all of MGM's best talents is a Van Johnson performance thrown away.
