I don't often feel obliged to criticize a film; after all, I often hear the maxim, "if you have nothing good to say, don't say it at all", it would be a good suggestion for the many skeptics we hear every day who do the hair in the things we like. If it is the same for the reader, I feel obliged to point out that with the sole exception of Christopher Walken in a return role like Gabriel, this film is pathetically HORRID. I say this to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of the impassive delivery and Walken's style or if you liked the original "Prophecy", you will be disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A complete list would take too long to read and would bore you to tears, but a brief summary would be the following: the once rather crystalline image of the relationship between angels and mortals in the first film is torn to shreds. Gabriel was transformed by the rather morbid right hand of God that he once was (and in this role he is WICKEDLY funny in the first) to little more than a delinquent for heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing weights (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York") it's still fun but the supporting cast is an absolute and unconvincing mix of mortals and similar angels who couldn't buy a clue for 50 cents. If you can understand the plot you're a smarter man than me. One has the feeling that we shoot aimlessly from one scene to another just to move the film along the next big Walken line. At the end of the film, actually, you'd like it to sound the horn and drop the walls of Jericho on the people who made this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: it is an insult to our intelligence that they made a follow-up to this film in the first place. The original told the right story, answered the questions that should have been and left alone the ones you needed to meditate later. There are no convincing reasons to follow these characters who were in the first - the priest who lost the faith, the child who guarded the "big secret", the teacher who protected his children - even Lucifer himself was more interesting on his own in the first film of all the other characters in the sequel put together. I'm sorry for anyone who sees this film and not the first because they probably will never want to see the original and this is a real tragedy.
