Everyone knows that the original "The Prophecy" by Gregory Widen doesn't really need a sequel, but you don't even need a rocket degree on your fireplace to realize that further revenue on this profitable horror concept was inevitable. The second part is a very prototypical example of straight-to-video sequels, which means that the creative and twisted plot of the original has been greatly simplified in favor of more action, more witty jokes and much more disturbing religious scenarios. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Walken for the role of Gabriel, and offers another gloriously brazen performance that promptly justifies the price of a rental. Had it not been for Walken's performance (and perhaps a couple of supporting cast actors like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would surely have disappeared into oblivion right after its release. The film begins with Gabriel literally spitting out of hell to proceed with his War of Heaven going on here on earth. The purpose of his battle this time is to prevent Nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. Because you see, his unborn child is the first hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey" and the birth of such a superior being would imply the fall of Gabriel's evil dominion. So, just like in the first film, he hires a suicide accomplice to assist him and drive Valerie out to Eden for the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a bearable and occasionally even amusing film, provided one does not make comparisons with the original and as long as one can ignore the multiple gaps and continuity plot errors. Whenever the plot gets too boring, thankfully the producers always include an almost brilliant Christopher Walken moment to distract you. His interactions with the rebellious Izzy and in particular his ignorance regarding modern terrestrial technologies often lead to noteworthy and memorable sequences. With a slightly off-topic note, did I often feel like the ambitions of "The Prophecy II" were similar to "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurrection seemed a bit like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the location of Eden, where the final battle takes place, looks very similar to the steel factory where "Terminator II" also ended. Coincidence, I guess? Overall, this is an inferior and passable sequel, but it is still worth trying if you are a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting charisma (and who isn't?).
