This is one of those horror movies in which 20-year-olds enjoy playing with the dark arts around a campfire, getting themselves into trouble for it. A portal has been opened containing a world of demons known as Kelippoth of the Sitra Achra by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something, taken in it. Summer is coached by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to fight demonic monsters. This is a part of the plot that lends itself to careful examination. However, three famous witches, who went to high school together, Renea, the most passionate and serious practitioner of the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. is more or less a fad with them, though ..) join up with friends, Jason and Ricky, on a trip to the desert where Summer has vanished from her home ten years ago. Opening the portal through a spoken text written in an ancient book, a demon is freed, as is Summer, now a warrior girl whose training has led to a very fit athletic body and the skills that were necessary to ward off the monsters in the another world. <br /> <br /> The low budget contains a fake but ambitious plot, which surrounds it in a limited context. These young adults spend a lot of time running in the woods hoping not to be fodder for a beast. As may be the case in these films, the demon stands apart as the story unfolds as Summer tries to remember how it all happened, making friends with Jason who wants to help her restore lost time. The action is fired mainly in the dark, making any deciphering of violence difficult. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast for that matter), is a real eye candy, succinctly dressed as a Conan female, a wonderful body that we must admire from the moment it appears until the closing of the film. Some types of lesbianism (.. some who kiss and caress each other) and nudity light things up well, and the cast seems to have fun with the silly plot. It is so absurd that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material. <br /> <Could be of interest to the co-star of the movie "Captain Courageous" by World Wrestling Entertainment (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the group members, spoofing his alter ego, like a chicken, trembling at sound of a twig breaking. Landy Cannon is likeable as an unlikely hero, Jason, a young lover and naive whose ex-boyfriend, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bi-sexual and in love with Marlene (.. Jasmine's cruelty is playing with Jason's feelings hiding her relationship with Marlene from her knowledge), while Ricky and Renea try to distance him from this idea of ​​being able to rekindle a dead flame that goes out, never light up again. The Kelippoth demon is mostly dimly lit, I guess I don't show how ridiculous / ridiculous it looks when presented in a complete way. The lesbian antics of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly domesticated, their love, once alone in the woods against a tree, is attenuated and illuminated even with the darkness of the night. My assessment is a little favorable towards him, almost exclusively because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than for the plot or the film. The film aims to satisfy and is marketed for boys (and girls who love hot women). I think, however, for the most part, humor falls a bit flat.
