It is certainly a strange way to promote a film on which you have rested a lot. And it looks like a simple suicide from the studio, since (1) The feuds among the cast were well known long before the release of the film. (2) The feud between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also common knowledge. (3) The cast has made no secret of their contempt for the film and has made it public on every occasion, with daily bulletins from the set cheerfully reported by gossip journalists everywhere. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal hated him practically from day one. However, this slogan summarizes the situation. Raquel Welch does a decent performance like Myra, and is also adorable. John Huston is as much fun as Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star who runs a fake academy. Mae West, (in her first appearance on the movie set since 1943) has naturally rewritten her part to fit herself, and is as good as "overexed" (and is doing so kindly) "Talent Agent" Leticia Van Allen. However, she must have wondered (after waiting so long for a good vehicle to return to) why she ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his debut film) is one of his "clients". John Carradine and Jim Backus, as doctors, are also in brief Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and "Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, I am neither here nor there. The same goes for the script, which not only does not focus on the basic storyline of the book, but seems to go in at least three different directions simultaneously. Although West's part was originally larger, it was reduced to a cameo role when Sarne had finished editing, and partly because of this, it appears to be in a different film, apparently, at one point, the producers became I realize that Mae would have been the great attraction of the film and, failing to replace most of her movie, they took her running to the set at the end of filming for the second of her two songs, both coming from nowhere. that Sarne used to project old movies of stars past to emphasize whatever he was doing, it doesn't work at all. When the film ends, all a weary spectator can do is ask what the hell was there. Not surprisingly, almost everyone who connected to production felt the same way and died at the box office. A technically flawless DVD includes (among other extras) separate comments from Welch and Sarne, each of which has completely opposite opinions about what went wrong. There is no doubt that the re-release of the video at home was suggested by a "Vanity Fair" of 2001 'piece, which tried (in great detail) to do the same thing. It's true, the structure of the novel made a film adaptation a dubious undertaking, but, with Sarne at the helm of what was obviously a "tormented" production, he never really had a chance.
