It was the sixties, and anyone with long hair and a hip, a distant attitude could get money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, the director of this huge flop, managed to get the job. Sarne is one of the most talented people who has ever had a dollar to make a film. In fact, the entire studio must have been deceived to accept hiring a boy who had made exactly one previous film, a very precious 60-year black and white featurette called Joanna. That movie also featured the talentless actress Genevieve Waite who could barely speak a whole line without getting into some inappropriate facial expression or a bat twitter. Sarne, who probably wasn't able to direct a cartoon, didn't care about a big-budget Hollywood movie, it was kind of over his head. David Giler's book is the best place to go to find out how the terrible child Sarne was able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes. If there is always a historical indicator that indicates the superficiality and superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge supplies that marker. It represents the void and the senseless excess of a decade that is most often remembered for a great epochal change in the political body. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another equally important vein. Watch this movie and you will have a different perspective on the lesser known emptiness of the spirit that has often passed through talent in those years. <br /> <br /> Many reviewers have talked about the inter-cutting of footage from other films, especially the older ones. Some people liked these clumsy "comments" on what was happening in the film, others found them senseless, annoying and intrusive, although since the film is so bad, any intrusion should be an improvement. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason why Michael Sarne included so many movies in Myra Brekinridge was to document the unfathomable lack of intelligence and imagination he possessed. That is to say, Sarne was so challenged by imagination that he simply threw these clips to fill the space and occupy the time. They were not inspiration, they were desperation. His writing skills were non-existent, and David Giler had wisely moved away from the project as was possible from a time bomb, so Sarne was left to actually try to make a movie, and he couldn't. He was beyond his subtle abilities. Hence the introduction of what appears to be half the value of an entire clip movie. The ghosts of writers and directors - many long-handed down - were called to repair this disastrous flopperoo because Sarne was sure he couldn't do that. This is what he invented in those days sitting on the set and he thought for eight hours while the whole cast and crew (not to mention the producers and accountants) cooled his heels and waited for something, a great spark of imagination, a touch of originality, a soup of intelligence, to burst from the forehead of Zeus. Um, oops. No Zeus + no imagination + no sparks = millions of dollar bills with tiny wings - each made up of hundreds of license agreements needed to use the clips - flying out the window. Bye Bye. <br /> <br /> For my part, I hated movies. They disparaged Sarne's many stimulators, entertained people whose talents - even those whose abilities were not great - far surpassed the director's abilities and therefore ultimately served to show how lacking in inspiration, originality - and even of simple competence - respect even the most tasty of them.
