Anyone who knows me, even remotely, can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love grown-ups, and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of the legendary bad films of all time: the almost indescribable mess that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of the bestseller by Gore Vidal (who later denied this film version), the film MYRA BRECKINRIDGE, a true protagonist, is really such a bad movie that it remains strangely funny from beginning to end. The X-rated movie about sex change operations and Hollywood was an absolute box-office catastrophe and was literally booed off the screen by both critics and the public at the time of its release. Not surprisingly, the film has achieved an almost legendary cult status among bad film lovers, and I was really excited to finally see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who had only two other previous directorial titles to his name at the time), took a lot of flack for the finished film and, in all honesty, it just doesn't seem that he had no idea what he was trying to get. The film is often incoherent, with whole sequences mounted together so half-way up that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also irritating is the expedient of the use of archive footage from the leaflets of the Fox film and its inclusion in the image at regular intervals. This means that there are archival footage of past movie stars like Judy Garland and Shirley Temple laced in film scenes often of often obscene sexual acts, and the process does not work as expected (this has also caused a small uproar, like actors like Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio for using their image without permission). <br /> <br /> Maybe Sarne is not the only one to blame, however, since the script and the cast of the film will also shake many spectators head in disbelief. For example, this film will ask you to believe that the skinny film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major role in the film) could have a sex change and emerge as the beautiful sex goddess Raquel Welch?! The film gets even harder to follow when Welch while Myra tries to win a film school from his bad uncle (played by legendary director John Huston), seduce a single female movie student (Farrah Fawcett) and teach the bad boy of the school (Roger Herren) a lesson to rape him with a strap-on dildo. Did they all follow him? <br /> <br /> And it gets even better (or worse, it depends on your perspective)! I have yet to mention the most famous star in the film: the legendary sex symbol of the thirties, Mae West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she had been retired for 26 years) and apparently she still considered herself a formidable sex symbol while playing a talented talented agent who has hunky men (including a young Tom Selleck) who he throws himself against her. As if that wasn't bad enough, West actually plays two songs just written in the middle of the movie, and I think I could endure permanent brain damage by listening to them! <br /> <br /> Of course, none of this is very much like anything that any sensible person would call "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10 because it was always morbidly fun even when I had no idea what devil should have happened. Furthermore, most of the cast make a lot of effort. Raquel, in particular, seems so determined to turn her badly written part into something meaningful that she alone can make the film worth seeing. If he had only worked with a decent script and a capable director, he would have finally received respect for the critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is fine too. The captivating John Huston (who really should have directed the photo) has some fun moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor, and Farrah Fawcett is pleasantly cool and funny. Even Roger Herren is okay, but after that he never appeared in another film (I guess he couldn't live to be the guy who was kidnapped by Raquel Welch). And as someone could guess from the above description, Mae West was totally out of her mind when she agreed to make this film - but that's part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema.
