Rarely seen since it came out in theaters in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has become synonymous with cinematic debacles of legendary proportions. Now finally on DVD in an unexpectedly beautiful package, it is unlikely to win a large audience today as it was when it was released. <br /> <br /> Gore Vidal's 1968 bestseller was an obscurely satirical statement. Most filmmakers believe that the story, structure and general tone of the novel will not translate into films, and industry experts were surprised when 20th Century Fox not only acquired the rights, but also hired Vidal for adapt his novel to the screen. But the studio executives suffered cold feet: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected and novice director and screenwriter Michael Sarne was brought to bring the film to the screen. <br /> <br /> The studio executives hoped that Sarne would draw on the youth market they saw as the film's goal, but Sarne turned out to be even more out of sync with the material than the managers themselves. Rewrite following rewrite. The cast, perceiving the disaster, became increasingly combative. In her commentary on DVD, star Raquel Welch says she rarely had an idea of ​​what Myra's motifs were from one scene to another or even within a single scene, and that every person involved seemed to make a movie completely different. In the documentary "Back Story" accompanying Rex Reed states that MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a film made by a group of people hiding in their dressing rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return their calls. <br /> <br /> The accuracy of these comments is demonstrated by the film itself. The foundations of Vidal's history are there, but not only has history been deprived of all the broader implications, it seems to have no point in and of itself. Everything flows away in multiple directions, nothing connects and numerous scenes bypass any logic that the previous scenes could have had. And while director Sarne repeatedly states in his comment that he wanted to make the film a pure farce, the only laughter generated is accidental. <br /> <br /> The head of these incidents is Mae West. It is true that West is unexpectedly well-preserved in appearance and has lost none of its way with just one line - but you cannot pass off the fact that she is in her seventies, and her belief that she is still the sexiest trick in the leather shoe is extremely scary, to say the least. But worse, really, is the fact that the West is outside of its era. Her efforts to translate herself into a fashionable and successful character translate into one of the most embarrassing self-caricatures ever seen in the film. <br /> <br /> The remaining cast is largely wasted. Raquel Welch, a significantly underrated actress, plays the lead role of Myra much like a Barbie doll with steroids; the non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly effective in the role of Myron, but the entire role is essentially pointless. Only John Huston and the cameos John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper and Andy Devine emerge relatively unharmed. Yes, it is really the defeat that everyone involved in the film feared would be: fast when it should be slow, slow when it should be fast, inexorably little fun from beginning to end. It is true that director Sarne has the occasional inspired idea - as in his use of everyone's footage, from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to create counterpoint to the action - but overall, whenever Sarne was presented with a choice of how to do something seems to have done the wrong one. <br /> <br /> The way and the reason for this is clarified in Sarne's audio commentary. Sarne did not like the novel or the subject in general. He didn't want to write the script, but he needed money; emphatically he didn't want to direct the film, but he needs money. It makes it very clear that he did not like the author Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point he categorically states that Reed "is not a good person"), and until now he believes that Vidal and Reed worked in tandem to sabotage the film because he refused to play in their "homosexual program" - which, when approached, seems to have been their desire that Sarne actually filmed Vidal's novel rather than his bizarre imaginary takeoff on it. <br /> <br /> Although he spends a fair amount of comments stating that the film is widely appreciated by the gay community, Sarne never seems to understand that the attraction of the film to a gay audience derives from its ridiculously inaccurate description of homosexual people . If taken in tandem with the film itself, Sarne emerges more than a little homophobic - and frankly the only worst choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. <br /> <br /> In addition to comments by Sarne and Welch and the making-of documentary, the DVD version includes several trailers and two versions of the film: a "film version" version and a "restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the final scene in the "restored" version was printed in black and white. The changes made before the film entered the general version were not restored, but the details of the documentary were what they were. The widescreen transfers of both are extraordinarily good and the sound is quite good. But to finish where I started, this is really a film that will interest film historians, movie fans and lovers of cult movies more. I give them three out of five stars just for their own good, but everyone else should pass it. <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
