MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that immediately took its place in the history of cinema. The praise for the film was absolutely non-existent, even by the people involved in the realization. This film has been detested since day one. While occasionally meeting a non-conformist who will praise the film on philosophical grounds (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the issue of transgenderism), the film has not developed a cult following as some notorious flops do. It is not hailed as a misunderstood masterpiece like SCARFACE, or trotted to be ridiculed as a field classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly the reason is that the film, although outrageously horrible, is not lovable, or even sympathetic. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply banal. Like a satire in Hollywood it is cold and mean, but in a useless sense of emptiness. MYRA takes for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes further to attack such beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to imply that everything about Hollywood is by its very nature vile. He seems to think that there is something intrinsically courageous about mocking sacred cows, but he does not provide a motivation to be a mocker in the first place. The film is also viscously anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that, but all in a superficial fashion, in the late 1960s, to fashion. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other epic hip aspirants, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of hippy-dippy youth culture. Try to embrace the attitude itself that diminishes. But instead of being cheerfully self-deprecating, MYRA makes no attempt to hide its contempt for everything that comes within its reach. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a bully; there is not a single moment of innocence in it. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine described him as "funny as a child molester", but he is not as nice. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West has borne the weight of so much criticism of the film, described as it seems of everything from an old drag queen to a reanimated corpse. The eighty-year-old star obviously didn't know how ridiculous it was to look like a lawful talent agent who wanted men young enough to be his grandchildren or even his great-grandchildren. But director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used it anyway. Why? Because, apparently, it was the joke. Just like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran artists in the film, they are there just so the film can tease their age and use them to trash their cinematic images. They are cast as lost auto-parodies, as is Rex Reed, the arrogant fey film critic who was chosen in the film. But the real Reed, the celebrity hound, the jet-set, the talk show gossip, can be fascinating in a hideously funny way; but like Myron, Myra's alter ego, it's just hateful. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is the joke. <br /> <br /> You are looking at MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see actors, see the victims. No one more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever accuse Welch of being a great actress, but it is a testament to his tenacity and his charm that has survived this film and that his career has grown. Being present in almost all the scenes, Welch was at the center and a target for film-targeted abuse, but to his credit, it offers an extraordinarily rich performance. Although, of course, focusing on the scenario that chews Huston and the almost catatonic West, Welch doesn't have to do much to find a good balance. Even so, she makes her dialogue horribly slunny with an impassive smirk, with only a hint of joy of self-satisfaction that would make any James Bond villain proud. Legend has it that Welch was snubbed by a condescending West and subjected to repeated verbal abuse on the set by the clumsy director Sarne, not to mention being present in one scene after another degrading, making the fact even more extraordinary that was able to provide an interesting and collected performance. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the film is trying to understand what the film's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy fable, which should indicate that it has a moral to deliver, but what could be is someone's hypothesis. With all his talk about destroying "the last vestiges of the traditional manhood of the race", it would seem to have a feminist ax to be ground. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Moreover, Myra is not a woman, rather it is an illusion of Myron, who presumably is a gay male. This could explain the male rape scene as well as the character's love / hate attitude towards the seemingly straight, tired Rusty, but does not explain his obsession and the alleged lesbian attempt with Mary Ann of Farrah Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all sex is treated as if it were not dirty, at least perverse and degrading. Switching to Gore Vidal's original novel is of no help, because it is as confusing and useless as the film. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare film that seems to hate movies. Not just films like business, but also films as part of culture. The film itself is an arcane wall-to-wall reference to old films, whose director-screenwriter Sarne approaches with a boiling contempt. He ransacked the vaults of the 20th Century-Fox movie and seasoned the film with fragments of old films, not as a tribute or to provide a social commentary, but to mock the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you want to generously call Sarne - do a work of art if you already hate the medium you're working with? The effort is totally counterproductive. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be in favor of anything other than just being bad. He hates Hollywood, he hates America, he hates sex, he hates gays and straights and women and men and old and young and Laurel and Hardy and, well, you call him and he probably has a scene that shows contempt for that. In a very sad and sorry way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE could be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of the nihilism of pop culture.
