I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 at my local Suncoast, which contained this movie and three other horror trash movies (including the sequel "Witchcraft XI"). So basically I paid the minimum price of $ 2.50 for this movie, if you do the math. I can't say exactly that I was robbed. I have a thing for trash horror movies, but this is the kind of garbage that gives a bad name to garbage. The budget cannot exceed $ 1,000 (although they appear to have spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget film, but it's not an excuse for a totally uninspired photographic work. The film "Blood Cult", although not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had good photographic work and acting. The acting in this film is the definition of "effortless", in particular from that muscular guy with the Texas accent. Everyone is practically reading their jokes off the page. You can take it figuratively or literally. I wouldn't be surprised if the script was off-screen while they were performing. I said before that I never saw a bad English actor. This movie has some bad guys. And although English films are not always good, they always seem to have a level of sophistication, and this is why I don't see why an Englishman, or an Englishman, will volunteer to make a home-style schlock-like movie video like this. Has Merchant Ivory blocked their casting calls? Usually, I think people are too tough for directors and actors. Even some of the worst Hollywood films have a certain level of professionalism in the departments of directing, acting and cinematography. Even when you watch a film like "Glitter" you can't honestly say that it looks like a third grade shot those scenes (even if a third grade could have written the script). I've seen domestic movies that have been shot better than "Witchcraft X" and it's not an exaggeration whatsoever. Blood is also minimal, as the filmmakers only had money to buy fake blood for sale in Party City. Not a single effort was made to make this film - summarize it this way. Get the picture. There is a good dose of nudity, although this does not save him. However, I must say that the girl with orange-red hair, who is either naked or wearing a low-cut suit for the whole film, is really exciting! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
