but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of the princess's Disney movies, but for the worst movie the company has made during Walt's life. The music is really pretty and the story deserves to be called "classic". What fails in this film are the characters, in particular the title character, which could only be called "the heroine" in the loosest sense of the word. <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, the audience is presented to Cinderella. He is waking up in the morning and sings "A dream is a wish for your heart". This makes her an idealist (and therefore deserving of our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script does not give us the slightest idea of ​​what it is dreaming. Freedom from your role as a servant? Respect for your step-family? Someone to talk to besides mice and birds? In a song (cut from the movie but presented in the special features section of the last DVD), Cinderella tells her wish that there could be many of her so she could do her job more efficiently. Go engaged! In short, Cinderella is a very bland character. She passively accepts the abuse of her stepmother, fleeing in her unspoken dreams of relief. It only states once by reminding the stepmother that she is still a family member. For this, she is given permission to go to the dance if she completes her household chores and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd for everyone except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine as a doormat? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is, to say the least, lifeless. The Prince of Cinderella has no dialog boxes and almost no screen time. We are not given any indication if he is a good man, if he respects Cinderella or something else. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Hell, even the prince of "Snow White" had to sing at least one romantic song. Not only does this lack of development make the novel less interesting, but it makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, weakening her already tenuous charm. <br /> <br /> Perhaps realizing how boring the main characters were, the animators have chosen to give too much time to the screen for the comic relief of the film, Cinderella's friends, mice. Of course, these characters are fun. Even so, when the comic relief steals the show from the principals, well, let's say your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to proclaim all its animated features as "masterpieces". While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this fact.
