Steven Vasquez has directed and co-written with James Townsend, the star, this strange little drama and horror with very good ideas and intentions: to create a gay film that has a different plot from the usual stuff and make a drama that wants to be judged for his merits as a thriller. So why doesn't it work? For beginners, the film loses direction from the opening frame and wanders pretty aimlessly throughout the film, ready to create suspense but to amuse itself to satisfy an audience that wants to see naked encounters. Not that it's a bad thing: it can certainly improve some films that have been Hollywood hits. The film also tries to talk about the experiences of young men and women, relationships, disturbed parents, the club scene with all the antics accompanying such events - and the murder. It's all a bit too much to put into a 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) of all appearances is a successful guy with a kind girl Jenna (Sarah Kelly) but has a eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who has followed the same route and can offer Devon assistance at every level. Legano, Devon comes out, and the mysteries begin: boys in the neighborhood are missing, Dr. Kirk Tyler's (Dan Swett) stepfather psychologist is not at all what he seems to be and despite Devon's comforting mother (Sonja Fisher) Devon is launched in the streets because of his new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is involved in a dark affair with the slimy Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who is apparently investigating the missing boys ... Devon collects his resources from his partner Jenna and his cronies and unveils the dark actions of Dr. Tyler and his detective assistant. And through it all, Woman exudes warmth and understanding like the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little that the eye does not examine frequently!) but the degree of acting is at a historic low. The only thing that makes us forgive (and in some cases is too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of all those involved. Yes, this is a low budget film and yes, the director needs time to learn the trade. But in the end there is something to be said for the people involved to try to bring a gay movie to a different level. Perhaps their neighbor will be more lucid. Grady Harp
