... and not in a positive sense BASEketball is a waste of films in every single way. It is offensive to all the senses. This doesn't necessarily bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies before and I'll see them again. BASEketball is a movie of caliber in which you regret wasting ninety minutes of life sitting through it. The reason BASEketball offended me is that he plays Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they haven't written. The respect I had for David Zucker has long been exhausted. His latest spoofing movies are lazy people who seem to be made of pre-pubescent boys who laugh at penis jokes. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, looking at BASEketball you will be surprised to find out that they were made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have so much respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the most entertaining and intelligent comedians in today's mainstream entertainment scene. Their images and episodes of South Park are as important as they are fun. Every line even the fart jokes have intelligence behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to deal with immaturity. I imagine that BASEketball was a great growth experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone basically bought themselves out. The film sounds like a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were useful in their films. I really can't find a way to describe their BASEketball performance, apart from the fact that they seem to be spoofing a parody that spoofs a parody. Each line is delivered in such a stupid and winking way. It is as if they were trying to make fun of the worst of these types of images and yet they become the same way. I am reminded of the South Park episode "How to Eat with your Butt" where Cartman sits in a movie theater watching a coarse comedy with no plot or plausibility except to get noticed, Parker and Stone use the same voices that they did in that scene for this whole image. It's really sad. <br /> <br /> Yet this is not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest complaint with the image is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are knowingly following this piece of script. I know if they took that damn thing and rewrote that it could have been saved to the point of being watchable. There is no indication that Zucker allowed them to improvise scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some fun concepts and I think that Parker, especially if he were allowed to take the Zuckers script, could go deeper. Instead we get pot humor. Don't rent BASEketball you can get the same laughs by watching a group of elementary school students joking
