I gave this film a 5 of pure sin. My intention is not to blow up anyone's bubble, because I saw, as I have touched on other comments, that this film is highly appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth praising it, and I say it because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this film shakes it deeply. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It's fun thanks to well choreographed battles, based on fantasy rather than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is profoundly improved. But the story does not resemble the original one. Now, I understand that when you turn an anime / manga into a movie, you need to make some changes. I didn't expect to see the bizarre characters of the anime, even though they have a well-defined role, and some are really deep and well-designed. But I certainly didn't expect to see immense and misplaced changes that fundamentally ruin the whole story. Characters who are dramatically and not ethically mutilated, transformed into something the public could love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet and innocent girl, completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vindictive head clan in the film. I liked the fact that the woman gets stronger and escapes the limits imposed by the era (we're talking about Japan, 17th century), but her mood changes are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the film, but who is not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic girl who is not only madly in love as in the anime, but is more or less useless in the plot . I could go on and on, like they did with Tenzen, the worst and most dangerous character of the anime, exceptionally weak and unattractive, or like Gennosuke, the main character, seems completely out of place and confused, not to mention WEAK yet. The music is beautiful and the image is stunning, something that was expected of a Japanese film, and I appreciate it for that. But don't look at this if you've seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it's just hopeless. Basilisk, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated, is splendid and has much more depth in his characters, plot, historical value and is, I can say, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe that he continued to look for what should have been the climax. Alas, it pains me deeply to judge a film so hard, but I advise you not to do it. Please look at the anime, or at least look at the movie first and then repair your image of what Basilisk really is by watching the anime. Otherwise you will have an attack when you realize how they killed it.
