It seems shameful that Greta Garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous confusion of the identity of the wrong. Robbing from the success of his first romantic comedy, "Ninotchka" (1939) by Ernst Lubitsch, where she was ideally cast as an austere Russian envoy, Garbo reunites with her protagonist Melvyn Douglas for a sitcom story that has her role Karin Borg, a simple ski instructor Jane who impulsively marries editorial manager Larry Blake when she is hit by her. Once she has made it clear that work is her priority, Karin inadvertently decides to dress up as her living twin sister Katherine to test her husband's loyalty when he returns to Manhattan. <br /> <br /> It is surprising that this infamous disapproval of 1941 was directed by George Cukor, who brought Garbo to his greatest dramatic performance in 1937 "Camille", because this is an unflattering vehicle as one might imagine for the legend of the screen. Only someone with the natural sense of ease and malice of Carole Lombard could have made his way with the scams presented in the script of the numbers of S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. The intent of MGM behind this comedy was to make contemporary and Americanize the image of Garbo for the wartime public that the heads of the studio were not interested in the tragic characters of the period he preferred in the thirties. <br /> <br /> However, Garbo appears to be ill-disposed mostly as the fake maiden of the Katherine party and above all to expert craftsmen like Douglas and Constance Bennett in the role of romantic rival Griselda. Photographed in an unflattering manner by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo seems tired in many scenes and decidedly hateful in his hairstyles mocked for the "chica-choca" dance sequence. The story ends conventionally but with the addition of a long physical sequence in which Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately remind me of the death of Sonny Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this point in his career) perform in comic roles as collaborators of Douglas. This film is not yet on DVD and I would not consider it a priority for the transfer as it represents a curiosity in Garbo's otherwise legendary career. He was reportedly unhappy during the shoot. I can understand why.
