You might be a bit confused if you look at this stupid product from the beginning, since Susan Dey's credits are "Special Guest Stars". Um, why does a single MOW like this have a guest star? Well, if you stick to it, you'll find yourself paying attention to little else than Mrs. Dey's ass, wiggling in a flowered bikini while the house of the "Partridge Family" dances on the beach to which that fanciful title alludes. Susan's derrière is particularly compelling when she shakes her from the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-disaffected brother in a slightly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and her ty fight a lost battle: the jiggle-TV craze that could have put the bottom over the top was three years, so that the sweet loot has only a supporting role. In 1976 Fat Freddy Silverman would have put it behind and used this film as a tape for Susan's audition for "Charlie's Angels". As it is, our Susan was denied immortality to the cheesecake and had to settle for a truly commendable career with dark and neurotic women. <br /> <br /> The point of view beyond Susan, it must be said, is not very convincing. The scenery is beautiful and photographed in a bizarre and hazy way that briefly deceives you by thinking that there may be some strange creative intelligence working behind the camera. No. It's just a made-for-TV thriller of the 70s that allowed the weekly series to earn some extra money (and collect some cable waste, even if they obviously didn't know it at that time) and show their "range ". "Here we are dealing with a nuclear family on a television scale, poised against TV-scale thugs who cannot decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (so the filmmakers have divided the difference by putting them in dune buggy) and not I never learned one of the main television lessons of the 70s: don't joke with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel"). The only potential for the depth of this film is the aforementioned character of Steve, teenage son , played by Kristoffer Tabori, long forgotten (if ever remembered), who should be rebellious and worried and could feel sympathy and attraction to the lawless crowd that (presumably) threatens his family But Steve, as played by Tabori (oh my God, why have we not seen more from this prodigy?), He is actually just grumpy and moody and is not a bit conflicted when the great D gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. For sleepers and Susan Deyniacs (there must be some of you out there) alone.
