When this film is played on television, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change channels. There is nothing special here that you have to see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas traveling together in Reno. The number one couple is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton), who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and has low self-esteem of herself and they haven't been intimate for a long time. Lonnie slept with Candy (Charlize Theron) who is the wife of her best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and all four remain in a luxurious suite. Roy and Candy tried to have a baby and finally Candy discovers she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds out that he is sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their relationship and now the whole journey is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and has made some other low budget films, but this is his first with such an impressive cast. Unfortunately Brady doesn't show much comedic talent, but you can't blame him. This script is not at all funny and one of the most obvious problems is that the characters are all written at the sitcom level. Just because they are all southern doesn't mean they have to be naive and idiotic. Thornton's character does not have the refinement to tip the deliveryman more than a dollar. And the character of Swayze is defined stupid and stupid by everyone during the film and one of the rare positive moments comes when he asks everyone to quit his job for at least a day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and is a totally useless and useless cameo. He barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! I think he had fulfilled an obligation to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, executive producers of this film. The only person who is not really bad is Richardson. We look at it becoming more confident in itself but this plot in the film is very obvious and cliché. All these actors should know better and it's hard to understand that everyone read the script and liked it. It is a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they have been paid. As for the spectators, you are not paid so skip this one!
