Slackers is just another kid's movie that isn't worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are about to graduate from Holden University with Honors in lying, cheating and intrigue. The three roommates have proudly made their way in the last four years of college and now, during the final exams, these great men on campus are about to be caught by the most unlikely school friend. The plot is very stupid and there is no reason to watch it unless you try to turn it off for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teen movie that really doesn't add anything new to the genre. The comedy in Slackers is either inconstant, but there is no real fun or original moment in the film. It's really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny. Although for every joke that works there are at least eight others that don't. The script is full of lines on the penis and chest that may affect some high school and college students. Although they will probably not remember this movie after a while because it is not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the crazy Ethan and after performing in some good comedies he lowered himself enough. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other main stars, but they do a rather poor job in this film. This is directed by Dewey Nicks and this is his first film, so you can't blame him too much. The most amusing character was probably Laura Prepon, though, it's not much in the film. The film is very short at just 86 minutes, but it may be too long for some people who don't like this kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst film of 2002 but it is certainly below average. Compared to other films of the genre there is much better out there, like Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2 etc. So unless you have seen most of them and you are looking for something new then the slackers could adapt to that bill, but it's better if you look at something else. Rated 4.3 / 10 a teenage comedy below average that is worth skipping.
