There are many movies that have set release dates, only to be pulled out of distribution due to a legal problem of some kind, and then put in limbo for a long time. One can only wish for a rotten movie like "Slackers" has remained in a coma for what it's worth, which is tiny. The release dates have been continuously moved around this really terrible movie which is so much a beep to the radar it deserves. The premise kicks off in the guise of Ethan, a creepy nerd with a terrifying obsession with the Angela campus bomb. Ethan devils the help of David and his friends who have scammed the school throughout the race with blackmail to help Angela win. I don't like giving spoilers, but for a piece of shit like this I can make an exception. Angela falls for David, Ethan sends everything intentionally, the good guys win. This is what happens in a nutshell for another tired reconstructed of the gross adolescent genre. Gross humor is fun, has always been dating back to the time of the immortal classic "Animal House", to the likes of "There's Something About Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others of which there are too many to mention. But when you use it as a plot point you can only get that far, case by point, Ethan has an Angela doll made up of individual strands of hair that he makes god knows what with it. No one wants to testify to watch Ethan urinating in the shower while singing to himself. No one wants to see a young man sing "You will come around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for the total visual assault of seeing Mamie Van Doren's 50th bomb uncovering breasts at age 71. I don't know if it's the lack of coherence in the story, which cuts to scenes that make absolutely no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this film, you can only wish for him to return to the profession. The worst thing you can do on a movie is make it look like you're enjoying yourself, because you detract from your goals, just like "Slackers", burying its plot outline under a pile of coarse gags, useless cartoons and lack of construction. It's like a group of college students get drunk, take the video camera and shoot a bunch of random crap and compile it together. If you want to see a comedy of teenagers that is really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", just something that is fun and not terribly bad like "Slackers". Coincidentally Cameron Diaz makes a cameo in this film, just as he did in another bad movie like "The Sweetest Thing" in which the story deals with crude humor as another plot, instead of a device very similar to this disaster .. If you pass "Slacker" in your local video store, keep walking and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
