Usually I don't write a comment when there are so many others, but this time I feel I have to do it. I talked about taste in another review, saying that it's all in the eye of the beholder, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it simply means that you have a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", which is practically an unknown black and white film. I also liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I liked these films because they have, if not much, at least something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the films I've seen because they tell a story I've never heard before and most directors only make films with a good storyline. In all this film I thought "Where are you going?" (even towards the end) "Where did they get these horrible actors?" "Was it supposed to be a joke?" and so With the obvious impending turn I was skeptical, but I was hoping that maybe he would "make" the film and prove that I hadn't wasted any time. I was wrong sadly. The plot was bad at the beginning and the twist actually ruined any glimmer of hope. Here's an overview: Storyline ?? very similar to the first film, which was fine, this is slow and scarce, without public relation with the characters or situations. The situations are cringeworthy and superficial and completely boring and predictable. The twist was terrible, it didn't make me feel something, like excitement or WOW. Only "My God". There was nothing in the bulk of the movie that you could look back on and think "Oooo wasn't that smart" because he wasn't. In "Fight Club" there are flashbacks at the end that show bits where Tyler's true identity was shown cryptically, and when you looked at it again you saw more, it was really a brilliant work, as it is written, arranged and directed. This was a senseless attempt at a fantastic breakthrough. I think it was the "wild things" that had a rather poor double twist and I still liked the movie because the rest was OK and wasn't trying too hard to be a big breakthrough. It is as if the CI2 writer thought it would be the best breakthrough ever. But really, it's just a bad story with a nasty twist finally discharged. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, with the entire film blank from the whole affair of Sebastian, which meant nothing and a horrible ending, half forced and paedophile, with a particularly young and innocent girl. To act ?? the actors in this movie are scary. Almost a bad "Sunset Beach". - Extremely banal and poorly executed. It's not even that bad it's as good as "Hunk". The worst acting I thought came from Amy Adams who played Kathryn, it was a rigid, pathetic and ill-conceived performance. Robin Dunne was also poor. I haven't seen "American Psycho II" yet, but undoubtedly his "cool" style has also ruined that movie. <br /> <br /> I can't even say it's a good movie for teenagers, how not. If my son or daughter liked this movie I would be ashamed. But they wouldn't do it anyway, since they would consider all the things that make a good movie, of which this movie has nothing in common. Really. I'm disappointed that some have said "you may not be in the age group for this film, and so you don't like it" I like all the movies that I liked as a teenager and that I had very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach age 20 you suddenly don't like stories about teenage stories? No. I liked "Mean Girls" and other generic teen movies, and watched "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. I have no excuse for bad direction, acting and script, I'm afraid. Also, I was 16/17 when I looked at it for the first time. If anything, being older makes you a better judge than a terrible movie. I can't believe that nobody can give it even to 10/10, one of my favorite films is "Memento" and I gave it 9 because I know there can be better. It is a pity for this site that people do it, give bad luck 10s, or don't understand the movie / show, and then give it 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has enjoyed this movie should really vary its taste and maybe their lives, and with that they understand that this is the worst movie I've ever made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a tacky teenager, or simply have no bad taste, you would absolutely hate this movie.
