Okay, I'm usually not that strict in the sequels, especially if the first movie is well done and it's a good movie after all. As for 1999, I believe one of the first five films was Cruel Intentions. It had everything a great movie should have done except an original story, having been adapted from a novel it was still damn good. On Cruel Intentions 2, which really should have been just the opening of a series based on the movie called manchester prep. That must not have happened. Actually, after seeing this nonsense of a movie, I can understand. Before it started, I felt like the writer and director Roger Kumble did that too. Well 1 minute in this film I was disappointed. He starts with a revisitation of the opening of the original with a different touch of sebastian instead of putting the naked picture of the shrink's daughter on the net that puts the wife of the school principal in the naked school directory. This would have been fine if the lady wasn't like 50. And basically the rest of the film is an original carbon copy of the original. That I understand if there is nothing wrong, leave it as it was. But you can't do it with a movie. Being actually a prequel, I gave him the chance to see how they behaved as in the first part. But with Sebastian being more or less just a prankster and Kathryn being a self and turning sebastian into a sexual predator, it was in the true story, this film had no foundation on it. Anyone who did the casting on this thing was far away. They could at least try to get people who looked like the original cast but no, they just hired a group of not-so-good actors. I'm using this term even though I don't know why. They certainly didn't do anything in this movie. <br /> <br /> All this film is a group of one-liners that does not even match the spirit that had the original, well some of them did, but only because they were from part 1. Another point negative was in the first part that one understood the need for them to come to attention because there was no involvement from teir's parents, this had them in it and they were misused, as to show why children are so However it did not work. But the best thing about the original was that the cast had the chemistry that brought you into this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the film what it was. This thing really ruins the experience of the first from this.
