Cruel Intentions 2 is damn terrible, I mean uber-bad. Words can't explain how ugly it is, but I'll do it anyway. <br /> <br /> The plot of Cruel Intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to New York. There he decides to start over and just a lifetime a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately he has to do with his half-sister Kathryn (Amy Adams) wants to drag him down. Sebastain begins to fall in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the school principal. Kathryn wants Sebastain to just sleep with the whole school that has been described as a "whore". Kathryn also wants to take revenge on Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliated her during the school assembly. Kathryn wanted to make the freshman the biggest slut of the school, a subplot similar to the first movie. <br /> <br /> Cruel Intentions 2 is practically a canceled TV show, which has been turned into a prequel. There are so many problems with the film. It's badly written, it's not funny and it's bad. Fortunately for Amy Adams that the show never took off because she's a pretty big actress now. While Cruel Intentions had a sense of realism and can be seen to be set in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 is set in the sitcom land and as described on amazon.co.uk 'a randy version of Saved by the Bell'. There were some obscure themes involving sex and drug use in the first film, but in Cruel Intentions 2 he tried to make it fun and some of the ideas in the film shouldn't be like Kathryn having a relationship with a teacher. Furthermore, other ideas do not work as the secret society in which all popular children meet to discuss the fall of other students. The film also had a big 65-year-old sexual problem. I know that teenagers have sex, sometimes a lot, but when they are made on film or television, they are treated very seriously. A famous sense was when Daneille encourages Cherie (who is about 14/15 in the film) to simulate sex on a horse's back to the point where she has an orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut is simply very wrong with me, and should not be turned into a comedy subject. The jokes in the movie fall flat, whether it's a verbal gag like 'she gets wet when she sees you' or a visual gag in which Sebastian pushes Kathryn face to face in the mud. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of wrong with this movie, which I don't have time to go into, but I say it should be avoided. Just look at Cruel Intentions, even if it's not a classic, it's still a decent film and treats the topic well. <br /> <br /> This film is just a wet dream of a pervert, having children in a school that have a lot of sex between them.
