It is true that some fans of Peter Sellers work may be disappointed with this, his latest adventure. But surely every fan of the Sellers will find pleasure in all his films, simply because of the enormous talent of man. and the plot of the devil of Dr. Fu Manchu is certainly no exception. Unfortunately this would turn out to be Sellers' last film, (it was even released after his death), but it's still nice to see how the man managed to keep his talent irreplaceable until his untimely death. And not only do we get a single seller, but we get there, because the sellers not only play the role of the protagonist, but also his nemesis, the equally bizarre Nayland Smith, detective chasing the 38-year-old crazy Fu. The story is equally bizarre as we follow Fu's outrageous feats to make his elixir that defies age and also Nayland and his group of associates trying to stop him. Just like any of Sellers' other films, the film has an impeccable performance on its part, as do many of its co-stars with familiar faces: David Tomlinson, Sid Caesar, John Le Mesurier, Clive Dunn and Helen Mirren to name a few. It's also nice to see the courageous Pink Panther Burt Kwouk (Cato) enjoying a cameo with the Sellers - even though he plays the same role, but still beautiful. The story is actually quite ridiculous, as are many of the characters involved, who classify it as a film heavily influenced by Goon. And, although it never reaches the heights of Goon's comedy, there are a lot of funny jokes that seem to point in the right direction. The film failed commercially in its initial version due to the entire world grieving after the death of Sellers (the film was released less than 3 weeks later) and there is always that sad thought that lies behind your mind when see that this was sellers last film. It's far from a great movie - it's often slow, too ridiculous, and sometimes the jokes simply aren't there - but it's still enjoyable - if for no other high-level performance by Peter Sellers.
