The worst movie ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb often revolve around. Whether it's a Uwe Boll movie, a mischievous classic like Manos The Hands Of Fate or Michael Bay's latest mindless summer action festival, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that they post on the board that there is nothing worse in the world of cinema. <br /> <br /> I envy these people, because they are blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the real madness of the shit movie is. There are films out there so bad, so horrible, so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that the sects form around them to celebrate their terribleness and their discussion boards are the nicest places on the Internet because everyone unanimously agrees that the movie is really that bad. <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay episode that's so terrible that it's very much like a violent car accident, you know it's terrible but you can't stop looking at it . Born from an idea of ​​"Hollywood actor, director" and I can add Balena beached Sam Mraovich, this film is legendary terrible. Let me give you a hint about how the ego has driven this project. Mr Mraovich not only directed this film, he wrote it, produced it, produced it executive, scored, edited and finally acted. This is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing in his non-existent genius that as someone with an ugly child fails to recognize how catastrophic his bastard creation is. <br /> <br /> Everything in this film fails at epic level, acting is the worst you've ever seen, the plot is the most ridiculous, editing and cinematography are the most amateur and even music is like nails on a blackboard. I am aware of having made a bit of a bribe here, but please believe me that this film is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this film is a crap of horses squashed in a reel of film, but the truth is that it is not it was not even filmed, it was shot on a digital video camera not much better than the one sitting in the wardrobe that now collects dust. Don't get me wrong, I lose low budgets for movies as long as the concept is interesting, for example, as far as I'm sorry. The Blair Witch Project has shown that low budgets can still lead to an interesting atmospheric film. Ben and Arthur don't have a good concept to rely on, although this film was shot on a budget of 20 million with the finest Hollywood actors, but it would be even worse, the plot is so atrocious, and the characters are even worse. One of Arthur's main characters that is played by no others than Sam Mraovich is one of the most horrible horrible little shit ever put into a movie. You won't like it more than 5 minutes from the beginning of the film and at the end of the film hatred will turn into absolute contempt. Apparently Mr. Mraovich has forgotten that we should be rooting for the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin all the hilarity that will drive you crazy watching this movie (which I urge you not to pay for) so I will give you two domesticated examples of how stupid this film is, docile and mild as among the less offensive errors in the film. In one cut, one of the main characters says that "they know a good lawyer and will give him a call" the shot fades away and then disappears and this HE of whom they spoke earlier is actually a woman, a pretty spectacular mistake to do in post production I think. The second is simple, a few seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer that the characters said to fly to Vermont, we then cut a shot of an airplane that lands between palm trees in a sunny area. I've never been to Vermont personally, but I'm sure you won't find palm trees here. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency extended to almost an hour and a half combined with ridiculous dialogues and plot and then multiply it by 10 and it still won't prepare you completely for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you've ever seen in your life and imagine it's even worse and you won't be on the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really so ugly. <br /> <br /> However we should be happy in a sense, films like this are a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we can become filmmakers ourselves or that we can be screenwriters. Simply because we will have a new sense of distrust due to the fact that we will know that nothing we produce does not matter how much the amateur can be as much a suck festival as this one. <br /> <br /> The real worst film of all time has finally been discovered, and it's called Ben and Arthur.
