Oh man, what was Sam Mraovich thinking? What was someone who was involved in this "movie" thinking? Mraovich is the head of almost everything in "Ben and Arthur": director, screenwriter, producer (also an EXECUTIVE producer!), Enchanter, protagonist - you name him, he did it. And he (Mraovich) sucks more than anyone ever sucked into every department of film production. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this movie? Everything. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * groan *). Ben and Arthur want to get married in a world where everyone basically hates homosexuals. To make matters worse, Ben's crazy "ex-wife" (they don't get divorced exactly), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is furious that Ben left her for another man and asks Ben to get back together (saying that he can also be gay!) and the devout, overly hypocritical, Arthurian Christian, as mad as Tammy's brother, Victor, is determined to make Arthur go straight and then try to kill him after being kicked out of his church. <br /> <br /> The film is absolutely chock full of tricks (for example Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to get married - they go on Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees, they return to a FedEx cargo plane - they hope to be comfortable in a wooden box, in addition to many, many others) and plot holes to start (Victor calls to kill Arthur "The Final Plan" which he later changes to "The Final Deed"; Arthur is the private (internal) detective they drive the same car, blah, blah, blah). The "actors" are all very bad and are very, very over the top; the script is ridiculously horrible (one of these examples is "I don't make sense? You don't make sense! I make sense, that's what makes sense!") and there's a lot more wrong in the "movie" than I can. laughable and unbelievable of "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something really fantastic (see his false reviews for "Ben & Arthur" and obvious comments from him on YouTube.). Mraovich is a narcissist and his arrogance blinds him to seeing how horrible anything with his name is. <br /> <br /> So, to conclude, forget every bad movie you claim is the worst movie ever - "Ben and Arthur" will throw them right out of that title, even the Paris Hilton movies look like "The Dark Knight "compared to the monstrosity known as" Ben and Arthur ".
