I have no idea what ever, or beyond that, may have made Sam Mraovich believe that it would be a worthwhile project to undertake. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst films ever made. In fact, I don't see any reason why it shouldn't be at Bottom 100 # 1. Although I didn't see, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of this publication), I would venture to imagine that that film is considerably better than this dripping of wounds, because even in its vain darkness at least Baby Genius 2 was professionally made. On the contrary, everything, and I mean everything, is completely unprofessional in this film. <br /> <br /> The film is intended as an attack on the alleged bigotry and hatred of gay Christian rightists. And I stress "understood". Not only does it fail completely and completely for its purpose, it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of creating a convincing and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggle against a society that is largely opposed to them, it creates tired and crude stereotypes of every party involved. Ben and Arthur, the namesake couple, are portrayed as two rough, sex-hungry and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts that marry when the laws change to allow them to do so. This meets with the opposition of Ben's brother, Victor, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (as he would have us believe in this film), is loud, indiscreet, stupid and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his associations with him kicked him out of the ministry. Just like in real life. And if you think it's terrible (it is), you haven't seen it all. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) Here they manage to completely destroy any trace of credibility in this film by telling their lines as if they were narrating a video of the homemade comedy on YouTube. But not even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as characters of the title could have saved this clunker, because there would still be the problem of the completely crazy and laughing dialogue that fills every minute of the film. Each scene has at least one uncomfortable or out of place quote. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain about not being able to have grandchildren or grandchildren because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of clearly portraying this idea, he spits the stupid, utterly confused and plaintive line, "You know what, I'll never have grandchildren, okay, because you're like that F *** ED UP!" <br /> <br /> More more blatant is the complete lack of production values. Yes, I know this is not The Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six red dots are not enough for realistic bullet wounds. People do not teleport across a room between shots. And the objects do not fall FORWARD when struck! <br /> <br /> Don't waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I don't care if you have 7, 17 or 107. I don't care if you're gay, straight, bi or undecided. I don't care if you're "just curious". I don't care what pathetic reason you should be tempted to buy this dunghill. Stay away, far away. The only thing that redeems is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
