Holy shit this movie was bad. I looked at it just like a joke. It's not even so bad that it's good in an involuntary way. This movie seemed to have been designed to make me personally angry. It worked really well doing it. It is as if the people who did it took all the really annoying things of the PRIEST movie, added to a bunch of ugly guys, they brought out something interesting, funny, or even remotely sexy and smart from the mix, and then added in a pile of old rotten cheese. This is all Cheese. There is not a single person to whom this film can connect. There is no universe in which this film could possibly take place. Why can't a film like this just enjoy life and be happy? Why did they have to make this idea already stupid for an even more ridiculous movie than it already is? Because they couldn't at least try to make a movie ok, or even a B-movie. Now that I think about it, what the hell were they trying to do with this movie? I saw him expecting a campy love story and instead I had some boring student project on an idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything !!! No, I'm not kidding. Here's what it is. Sounds good? This film is rather ignorant of the people of Christan's religion, with the stereotyping of all the Christians who are teased, rude and eager to make it as miserable as possible. A lot of Christian people I know would never speak or behave like these monsters. The film, however, is equally unfair and ignorant even for the gay community. These must be the most insignificant stereotypical homosexuals since the radio station guy on that video game ROADKILL. It's so nerve-wracking and simply irritating that I wasn't able to pay attention to this movie. The creators of this wreck train had no strategy for sets, acting, angles, lighting, screenplay, authenticity or an idea to make this fun or interesting. There is not even a single sex scene, or at least not credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie who looked a little too good, but his beauty had been sadly put aside. This is rubbish. In a perfect world, this film would have been voted at 0.0. Worth 0 as a movie alone. A mentally handicapped nun who is blind, deaf and has small small bones for arms and legs and whose face is on her armpit could write, direct and produce a better film, and probably would also be a better actor. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "film" itself. This film is so bad that other movies should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format. I could put a broom on a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and then record it and I've already made a film that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR of at least half . There are only two things worse than death. Torture and looking at BEN & ARTHUR. I'm gay and I'll probably be the happiest person you've ever met if you met me, and I don't think I've ever felt more offended by a whole movie than I was in the first five seconds of this movie alone. If this film was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It is right to fail" to "It's okay to make mistakes unless the error was BEN & ARTHUR". Do you know how people always say things like: "Good things come out of everything!"? I think that BEN & ARTHUR was invented mainly so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out. To call this movie, the worst movie I've ever seen would have given too much credit. It is as if this film had been designed in such a way that it could be classified in a category of its own. There are some good movies, there are some bad movies, and then there's BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
