Intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video these days has a piece on the cover, this doesn't necessarily have to be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second (and I assure you it will be the last) purchase of a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. For me, this DVD is nothing more than a sensational rip-off. I do not make this observation lightly ?? I'm a great collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and I can say with authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. Period. My collection has over 1,600 films (93% on DVD) and of those, over 300 are gay and lesbian themes. I don't own almost all the gay films ever made, but I feel comfortable in declaring that I practically buy almost all the videos of gay interest that are published, and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the film. Sometimes this is a pleasant surprise: Aimee & Jaguar, It's In The Water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that I accidentally found. So when I read in the box that BEN AND ARTHUR was about a conflict between gay lovers and the Christian right, one of my favorite subjects, I decided not to see the undetected dive, despite my previous disappointing purchase of another CULTURE Q CONNECTION title , VISIONS OF ZUCCHINE DI SUGAR. That movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, he saw it as GONE WITH THE WIND. So what was so wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? A lot! To begin with, the "plot" as it was, was totally ridiculous. Has this film almost made me sympathetic to the Christian right? we are asked to believe not only that a church could expel a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest would actually have created an execution of a homosexual couple to save their souls (as if it made sense). The writing is so scarce that many scenes have no meaning and many points of the plot do not reflect logic, follow-up or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends for the right-wing gay / conflict activist on both sides, and the acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine how any of this movie was hired. The characters that should be heterosexual are almost without exception clearly gay - and the stereotypes in -y to boot; gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to keep everyone from buying gay videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage that this image has on my other purchase of CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogues. Hardly a distinction, since the script is so insipid that the understanding of the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film is. It is embarrassing for the queer culture and I intend to warn everyone that I can do it before they waste their money. At $ 9.95 this film would have been too expensive; I understand that it will soon be revised under $ 20, which is still a highway robbery. I paid the original price of $ 29.95 and I never felt more cheated in my life. The only real laugh associated with this drivel is the reviews ?? I have seen "user reviews" for this film on numerous websites, and there is always one or two who "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this aspiring Ed Wood . How sad. How desperate. I just hope that IMDb allows you to assign zero stars - or even less zero. If ever a film deserved it, this is it.
