This film was made in very bad taste. The script was really bad. I feel really sad for the late Gregory Peck who took on the main role of this adaptation to the film B of one of the greatest generals in history. The film was politically incorrect and decidedly insensitive to others who fought the Japanese in World War II. There was a scene in which I almost vomited, showed Macarthur in a bunker on Corregidor Island that spoke with the troops like an experienced politician when he meets a Filipino soldier wounded in a leg. The soldier who bleeds and dies is able to sit down immediately after seeing the general and says: "no dad, no mom, no uncle sam" and Macarthur makes his small encouragement speech that the Americans "would never abandon" the Philippines. The scene ends with the soldier reinvigorated by Macarthur's words and gives him an intelligent greeting. I mean, if there was a more compliant scene that portrays the United States as the great white savior of the world, please tell me why this takes the cake. He has shown that Filipinos are damsels in distress, incapable of honor and must rely on the great Americans only for redemption. The contributions of the members of the USAFFE (United States Armed Forces of the Far East) are clearly and deliberately obscured, these are Filipino volunteers who were integrated into the American army during World War II, who died side by side with the Americans who fought Japanese, who walked side by side with the Americans in the march of Bataan's death and defended the island of Corregidor by launching a guerrilla offensive after Macarthur left for Australia with his famous speech " I will return ". My late grandfather, a Filipino World War II veteran and a USAFFE soldier was one of many who fought the Japanese with honor and love for their country of origin. I think this film does not honor them and the thousands of others that Macarthur has relied on intelligence preparations for his famous return to the Leyte Gulf landing.
