If there was a film that deserved a 0 out of 10, that would be it. 'House of the Dead' redefines the term "bad film". Other bad films, such as "When A Stranger Calls" or "Premonition", will appear much better than "House of the Dead". The basic "plot" of House of the Dead is a group of twenty-year-olds traveling to a remote island to participate in the "rave of the century". When they arrive, they find only a few tents, a bar, a stage and some bloody shirts. They decide to stay anyway, and are soon attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely nothing that can save you from this movie. It's not funny. Instead, it is painful to look at because of how terrible it is. Acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors said that Uwe Boll, the director, is not afraid to tell someone when he is doing a good job or a bad job in a scene. This is a blatant lie. The script seems to have been written by an 11-year-old boy who decided to include a scene of someone throwing up on a girl's chest and including the hilarious joke, "smells like someone farts here." The characters have no personality or depth and are part of the most fantastic things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters magically turn into a SWAT team to bring down the zombies. It's like they don't even have to point their guns and automatically shoot the zombies on their heads. <br /> <br /> The most frightening thing about this film is the direction. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's camera work is surprisingly disjointed. His pans for the zombies that run through the forest are more foolish than threatening. Worse, Boll thought it would be a good idea to include small parts of the House of the Dead movie in the film. Very often, and in the most random moments, you will suddenly see an animated zombie shoot. It does not make sense. No one in their right mind would think it was a good idea. It is as if Boll wanted to remind us repeatedly that this film should be based on the video game. Uwe Boll also decided it would be nice to include 360-degree slow-motion footage during the action scenes, in the 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does it too often and every stroke is sickening. Even the soundtrack of this film drives the mind crazy. Most action scenes are accompanied by a strong rap track. This also adds the resulting headache caused by the atrocious 'house of the dead'. <br /> <br /> 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with video games. It also does not fall into the category of "so bad that it is good". However it falls into the category of "so bad that it is painful". This film is simply lousy. Uwe Boll should never be left next to another movie set. Even his presence will curse a production. For all the directors out there: every time one of your films gets a negative review, all you have to do is remember that you haven't done "House of the Dead" and you'll feel much better. I'll never get back those 90 minutes of my life. To sum up, words really can't describe how bad this movie is. All those involved in the production of this film, particularly Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Even if what I said could make "House of the Dead" fun, it really isn't. Nothing is fun. Avoid this at all costs.
