When George C. Scott played the lead role in "Patton", you saw him direct tanks with his fist pumps, shoot German bombers with a gun, and vomit bad words from superiors and subordinates alike. Most of the actions we get from Gregory Peck as "MacArthur", a very successful figure of the same war, is when he touches the maps and raises his famous eyebrow. <br /> <br /> Comparing Peck's performance with Scott could be unfair. Yet the fact that "MacArthur" was made by the same producer and marked by the same composer raises parallels, as does the fact that both films open with generals addressing the West Point cadets. For me it is clear that the filmmakers were trying to imitate that Oscar-winning film a few years earlier. But while Peck looks more like Scott than he ever did, he mostly stands out as insipid in a story that seems less dramatic than a Wikipedia description of MacArthur's later career. <br /> <br /> "To date there are those who think they are a dangerous demagogue and others who say they were one of the greatest men who ever lived", tells us a crawl of the opening title. It is a typical freshwater dish of post-Vietnam sophistry about those who led the American army, much of its time, but what we get here is neither a vision. MacArthur, as presented here, neither irritates nor inspires the way he did it in life. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Sargent, who directed the famous turkey "Jaws The Revenge", paints for number work with bland editing of battles and some obvious use of sets (such as when the Chinese attack US forces in Korea), while the script by Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins traces a MacArthur who presents himself good-natured to the point of being bland, a little too caught up in his public image, but never less than decent. <br /> <br /> Here you see him get off the landing gear to return to the Philippines. There you see him talking to Congress in his speech "Old soldiers never die". For a long time he sits in a movie theater in Toyko, waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel so they can get on with the story, while the newsreel details Japan's awakening from the ashes under its light rule. Peck's co-actors, Marj Dusay as his devoted wife ("you are my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal helper, eyes burning and full of tears in the direction of the magnificence of their companion, but they do not gain any interest in their. > <br /> Even when discussing with others, Peck never raises his voice and for the most part wins his arguments with loud eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz suggests delaying the recapture of the Philippines, a point of personal pride and tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur returns with the comment: "Right now, as I listened to his plan, I thought I had seen our flag go down." No doubt the real Nimitz would have had something to say about it, but the character in the movie bows and sadly accepts the insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. <br /> <br /> The only person in the film that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry S Truman, that Ed Flanders does a great job despite a prosthetic nose that makes him look like Toucan Sam. Truman's dismissal of MacArthur should be a highlight, but it takes place here in a quiet dinner conversation, in which Peck plays MacArthur as no less than a brilliant martyr. <br /> <br /> I've never been sold by Peck's standing in the top pantheon of screen stars; offers a great presence but lacks complexity even in many of its best known roles. But it is unfair to rent it so much here, as it gets a little help in defining MacArthur as something other than a boring talk. Except for two scenes, one in which he rails against the surrender of the Philippines ("He hit Old Glory and ran on a sheet!") And another where he has a little exhaustion waiting for the American invasion of Inchon, railing against the communists that undermine him at the White House, Peck really plays Peck here, not the complex character that inspired the famous nickname "American Caesar". The real MacArthur could have been worthy of such a comparison. What you get here is less worthy of Shakespeare than Shakes the Clown.
