Ok, so I'm not a big fan of video games, but is the House of the Dead game really famous enough to make a movie? Of course, they even went so far as to actually insert short video games throughout the film, as if they were justifying a scene of particular violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with the hand down on the screen, presumably yours, holding any weapon and goo-ing of all kinds of aliens or walking dead or snipers or whatever the case might be. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting premise in the House of the Dead, with lots of college kids (LOADED college kids, so to speak, kids who are able to pay some fisherman something like $ 1,500 just for a ride after losing their boat) trying to get out of this island for what should be the rave of the year. The first thing that comes to mind about House of the Dead after seeing it is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror movies have become nothing more than an exercise in devising creative ways to bring a lot of little-dressed teenagers exactly in the same situations. At least in this case, the fact that they were headed for a rave excuse the way the girls are dressed. They look badly out of place that run through the woods in pretty little halters, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, the film's most interesting character by far, offers an absolutely terrible performance, whose grandeur obscures every other actor in the film. I can't stand it when famous actors change their accents in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard here shows that it's equally crying to have a well-known actor pretend to be a hardened fisherman with a hoarse voice from years of breathing salty air. He hasn't even scraped well. It looked like he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled icing sugar or something. Really tough, Clint! I expected more from him, but then again, he agreed to participate in this mess. <br /> <br /> Once you arrive on the island, the film temporarily turns into any of the Friday 13th movies placed at Camp Crystal Lake. A lot of teenagers played by actors who were too old for their parts to get undressed and then killed. Nudity was impressive, I imagine, but consider something for a minute. These children pay almost two thousand dollars to go to this island to go to the Rave Of The Year, find NO ONE, and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled that pile of hundreds out of his wallet to get them everywhere didn't think of anything they found a full bar and not a single solitary person in sight. Here you have the contribution of director Uwe Boll - There's alcohol! They will not notice that the party they came for is not composed of anyone but themselves! <br /> <br /> So not only do they start drinking, not minding that the whole party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark woods to find out where they all are (reluctantly dragging a 'another girl and one of the boys), the boy and the girl who fall behind to be destroyed decide that it would be a great idea to strip down for a quickie now that they are alone. It's like they were expecting to find the empty island, and now that the rest of the people they came with rested, they left for a while, they'd have a little privacy since there's nobody else around . Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now for the things that everyone hated, judging by the reviews I read about the movie. Yes, intersections from the film to the film, especially to show that, yes, the film was faithful to the direct copy / script of the video game. Of course, it was a stupid idea. I can't imagine who invented that little nugget, but worse than that is the Matrix-style bullet that was thrown around again and again and again and again. After the first time (at that point I found pretentious and poor for a film like this to have a shot like that as something original) it is more evident for the shooting technique itself rather than for any meaning or dramatic creation of any kind of tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a zombie movie terrifying and puts you on the edge of your seat is to make them go slowly but surely behind the living humans, who are much faster but are getting tired, running out the places to run and with a terrifying lack of things to fight zombies with. The first two are made right in the film, the children are terrified and they don't have many places to escape from when they are on an island, but since they took a ride with a smuggler, they find themselves heavily armed. And I say it very strongly. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades, which remove most of the tension of the imminent living dead. <br /> <br /> So you have what I call the music technology scene. Since the rave never happened, and I imagine since Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed by not hearing any techno music in the film, there is a scene right in the middle where all humans are fighting the dead living, and surprisingly enough it turns into something of a music video. There is techno music that explodes while the shots are mounted together faster and faster until it is nothing more than a blur of guttural shots, mostly just about 5 frames (which is about 1/6 of a second) that flashes on screen in time with the techno of music speed. Intelligent, I suppose, but it has no place in a horror film because it completely removes any feeling of flesh or even the gross effect because you can't see anything for long enough to react. You're just looking at these shots flying on the screen and wondering what the hell the director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to include something like that in the movie. <br /> <br /> having seen a lot of people compare this film to Resident Evil, largely claiming that it copies the premise, and they are exactly right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case in Resident Evil, it was not a man-made virus that turned people into living deaths that were able to infect other people, changing them the way vampires turn others into vampires . 28 Days Later was clearly a source of inspiration for this film, too bad that House of the Dead did not do a single original thing, except for the somewhat reckless idea of ​​putting in quick shots of the video game on which it is based , in case you forget it. I really think this should have been a much better movie. While obviously I can't say that I know a lot about the game on which it is based, only the title and the poster of the film deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think it's more often than not with horror movies. It's really sad when a movie comes out that is so clearly advertised as a horror movie with no holds barred, and the most terrifying thing about the whole movie is the final shot, which suggests the possibility of a sequel.
