Lynn Hollister, a provincial lawyer, travels to the nearby big city for work related reasons to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man in spite of the feminine-sounding Christian name: were the writers trying to reproach the fact that John Wayne's birth name was "Marion"?) Hollister initially believed that Johnny's death it was an accident, but he soon realizes that Johnny was murdered. Further investigations reveal a network of corruption, crime and electoral fraud linked to Boss Cameron, the main light in the city's political machine. <br /> <br /> It looks like a brave yellow plot, probably made in the film noir that was starting to become popular in 1941. It is not. "A Man Betrayed", despite its theme, is more a light romantic comedy than a criminal drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's beautiful daughter, Sabra, and the film focuses so much on their resulting romance as well as suspenseful elements. <br /> <br /> This film could only have worked if it had been made as a serious and direct drama. A reviewer claims that John Wayne is not at all credible as a lawyer, but he couldn't play a cowboy in every movie, and a tough crusader lawyer facing the forces of organized crime probably would have been in his compass. Where I agree with that reviewer is when he says that Wayne was not a Cary Grant imitator. The romantic comedy was not on its way. One of the weaknesses of the study system is that actors may be required to play any role required by their bosses, regardless of whether they were on their way or not, and how Wayne was one of the few main stars who worked for the Republic Pictures. no doubt he wanted to get all the mileage he could from him. <br /> <br /> That said, not even Cary Grant himself could have done the work "A Man Betrayed" like a comedy. It is not a reflection on his comic talents; it's a reflection on the total lack of fun material in this film. I doubt anyone, no matter how well developed their sense of humor may be, could find something to laugh about. The carefree tone of the film does not make it a successful comedy; it just prevents being taken seriously like anything else. This is one of those films that are neither fish nor meat nor poultry, nor good red herring. 3/10
