First of all, I knew nothing about "Mazes and Monster" before seeing it. I knew nothing of the controversy over the role play or the fact that it was a TV movie. When I looked at the cover (the updated DVD) I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like "Legend", with Tom Hank as the nerdy hero of the 80s who enters a mythical world to save a princess from a devilish maze full of monsters. Sounds exciting, right? This is what the cover suggests to you at first sight. I was given this film, obviously under the same premise because my aunt knows that they are in action movies with a medieval mythological theme. And he has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I inserted this film, expecting a good movie with Tom Hanks in a world of special effects from the 80s that would be nice for a laugh. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before continuing, I will confess that I am a nerd but I have no interest in role-playing games. This is the whole film, so my interest in the content is at best warm. And M & M (copyright infringement?) It is not even a good movie based on role-playing games with amiable geeks who use their imagination to enter a world of grandeur. No! This is an anti-role film that must have been made by some religious (the same people who think that Barney is the work of Satan). I understand, Satan is clever but I don't think he's desperate enough for the soul to cradle role-playing lovers to worship him. This movie is THEE anti-gamer movie. This is what I get from this movie: he hates RPGs and not only makes fun of people involved in role-playing, but makes poor Tom Hanks mentally ill. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', the poor boy was alone but Tom somehow made his madness fun and you literally saw volleyball as a lovable character through Tom's good acting. I wish I could see that movie instead of this. In this film, Tom is attacked by a cruel dragon creature (he looks like a bad mascot for a team of RPGs) and has a divided personality that is disturbing at best. Tom's acting goes beyond just making you feel bad for his character and nothing else. I realized that the poor boy lost his brother and is not right in his head for this, so the film earns points for being intentionally tragic. I'm not one for movies that exploit mental illness and the ending of 'M & M' made me feel like cr * p. Fortunately I saw "Hudson Hawk" later and I had a good laugh before my soul was further crushed. Yah, 'HH' exceeds 'M & M' of. . . A lot! This is not one of Tom's best films. In fact, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen (even "Saving Private Ryan" is not depressing). I walked in the hope of seeing a beautiful film and ended up feeling the exact opposite. If you want to watch a sad film (both emotionally and visually), then look by all means. If this film is to convey a message, it is this: "Don't play role-playing games if you're Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs".
