The psychology of this film is really strange to try and understand. It is often advertised as an anti-RPG movie, but it's not that simple. Here comes apparent contradictions that make me wonder what (if anything) they are trying to say about games. <br /> <br /> They laboriously present all the characters of home lives for introduction, all with parents who are divorced, alcoholics and totally out of touch with their lives, except for the times when they are doing them hard for to success. Tom Hanks is probably the worst, having just failed from another school and still dealing with a brother who has disappeared and may have died. <br /> <br /> It is mentioned a couple of times that they play the game to solve problems in their real life. And surely, in the end, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well adapted, undertaking their adult careers, the problems solved, the games put away (Daniel doesn't even want to design computer games yet), and even Robbie's mother, who has been constantly drunk and dissatisfied, is suddenly the happy housewife, with a fresh and brilliant appearance and flower arrangement. <br /> <br /> Of course, JJ suddenly (and quite happily it seems) decides to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be entirely because he is a lonely genius who can't make an appointment, and not because his character dies, like in the famous feature of Jack Chick (which happens anyway later, and it almost seems as though he does it on purpose to be able to finish Daniels's game and let everyone go and play him.) Indeed, the prospect of a live role-playing game in the caves it seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself!) And in what could be the most beautiful tableau scene in the entire movie, Kate, who looks very attractive in chain mail, looks at the camera and says something like, "The scariest monsters are the ones in our mind." <br /> <br /> The biggest fantasy element in this film is the two robbers who pass the rich couple so they can rob the dirty and homeless boy of his magic beans. The recurring theme (a "The way we were" for the 1980s) may have been touching in the end, but as a way to start a movie it is downright depressing and seems out of place. And for one last mystery, our hero, who wears the Pardu complete insignia, has a psychotic break, becomes completely his character and embarks on his quest, so obviously the first thing he does is turn into street clothes of the 20th century . <br /> <br /> So maybe the film is irrational, but I imagine it is an irrational topic. In those days a circle of kids with dice and pencils was considered contaminated and possibly possessed, and you could go crazy if they pronounced their mumbo-jumbo against you. Anti-gambling paranoia is basically summed up in the first scene, where the journalist asks the cop what's going on, the policeman says the kids lost in the tunnels and there's a chance that Mazes and Monsters are somehow involved. The journalist admits that he is vaguely familiar with the game (even if it allows his own children to play with it), then turns to the camera and rattles off an elegant game that blames the game for everything and does not allow any possibility of another explanation. In the end, it is not a masterpiece, but as interesting as the films made for TV.
