A few weeks ago the German TV station "SAT1" advertised this film as "TV event of the year" - sorry, but this year I've seen better things on TV. <br /> <br /> I didn't do that, I thought a lot about the film, but soon I remembered two other horrible films when I saw the commercial - Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the photo looked so familiar: "The heroine" ( if I can really call her that) in the middle and her two "loved ones" next to her - Pearl Harbor, someone? In fact the love story is the version of a poor man in Pearl Harbor and that was already poor! <br /> <br /> But since I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decided to look at that garbage. The film begins with a doctor who leaves his family for the military attack against Russia towards the end of the Third Reich, promising his wife that he will return. Now fast forward to the spring of 1948: Germany has lost the war and the Allies and Russia have captured the country and both are trying to eliminate each other for world power and their ideologies: capitalism against communism. Well, I guess you already know the story because you have to know it - the film doesn't care much about this and literally dumps historical facts. The film seeks to represent the US government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during the airlift, especially Britain, responsible for nearly a quarter of the rations, despite the country being bombarded by a country that they are trying to help . <br /> <br /> What was also rather annoying were the historical observations that people said in the film as when the heroine's mother tells her daughter that Germany could be separated in two with an answer like: "It's impossible!" Or when Stalin (in whom the director thought we merely looked at the actor's mustache and looks like him) says that Russia must prevent "Coca Cola" from spreading to Germany. Yes, right, if Stalin ever said something like that. Or is there this American pilot who tells his mate about bread with meat and everything possible in it - please! Burgers were invented before that time. <br /> <br /> In the film you once see a map showing the airlines, strangely the map looks like it came directly from a laser printer - in '48. The American general Lucius Clay, the main idea of ​​staying in Berlin, is interpreted as a petty and grumpy guy and all the ideas he has historically had, such as the airlift, and the improvement of that idea came from the fictional character Phillip Turner, the love interest of the main actress that leads me to other aspects: not enough African-American soldiers in the film, there were two in the whole movie! Moreover, relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed and a US soldier was sent home by a revelation of this report. I do not mean that there were no reports, but in this film there was a couple that almost got married, had it not been for the pilot's death in his fake CGI plane that seemed terribly unrealistic, especially the CGI fire! <br /> <br /> If it were not enough, all the Americans in this film spoke German without accents, even if they had only been in Germany for a couple of months - see also I am an American who lives in Germany for all my life life and I also have a little accent. In particular, the child also recited: the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-watch-monotonous-as-a-robot" and grinning. <br /> <br /> All in all the film was boring from start to finish moving too slowly, especially the love story that was the same as that of Pearl Harbor with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the film was very successful: 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million the second part the next day, so SAT1 received two consecutive victories in overall market share and a huge victory in the relevant trade group. But as I always think: the biggest bunch of crap is where most flies go.
