First of all, I must say that I enjoyed the previous ISHII film Katsuhito "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Even if he owed a debt to the "Pulp Fiction" of Tarentino, Ishii's cast was up to the task of bringing the story, and the whole movie crackled with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly engaging. There was action, intrigue, bizarre characterizations, enough sex to keep things interesting, and an absolutely unpredictable plot. <br /> <br /> So it was with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism that I started watching "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly teased by the headlines, which left me and my wife really amazed at how dynamic and exciting they were; the mix of anime and live-action jobs was fantastic! Thus, the actual film began. In reality, it's not so much "starting" as a sort of melee in the side door and staying there, fumbling in his pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The entire film takes place in three rooms. One is a futuristic voyeur paradise (borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agent's office, and the third (and by far the most used) is a squalid room hotel. In that room, a cast of seven characters meets and ... does almost nothing. Really. I'm no stranger to "talking" movies. One of my favorites of all time is "My dinner with Andre", the most talking film of all talking films. "My dinner with Andre" is much more exciting, and has only two middle-aged men who discuss their lives at dinner. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally complains to each other for the whole movie. "No, you don't!" "Sure!" "No, not really!" "Yes, I really do it!" "No, really, really not!" Yes, I really ... "you had the idea, I hope, I wish the director had. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an incredibly disenchanted film. There is only the weakest of plots (the money stolen from the Yakuza, just like in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialog. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii took the moments of disposable conversation from the Tarentino films and built a whole movie around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their internal logic and their spirit ("They call it a 'Royale, with cheese'"). Not so with dialogue here, which is more boring than you can imagine. If it hadn't been for the short, exhilarating cameo by Gashuin (which is always wonderful) and a low-key performance by the fantastic ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given "Party 7" a single star. It was really a challenging task to make it last.
