Since I saw the other three, I thought I could also take this product for the fourth part of The Omen series. As an independent film, this film is mediocre; but as a follow-up to the 1976 masterpiece; it's a parody. The film follows the same path in which many series fall when they are short of ideas; this idea of ​​changing the male leads to a female. It is always obvious that this film was made for television, since the acting is very standard, the plot has no ideas and the horrible scenes of murders seen in the previous three are kept to a minimum bloodless. The film keeps a thread with the original, which I won't reveal despite being obvious; that revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The basics of the plot largely follow the original by Richard Donner and see a young couple adopt a child, whom they call Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, thankfully). There is a large dog involved and a child who is a minder; and very soon, the wife begins to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; while menstruating at age eight, and has never suffered from diseases ... <br /> <br /> The first two sequences of The Omen were not bad at all and the series should have ended at number three. I imagine there was money involved somewhere along the line, because there really is no artistic reason why this film should have been made. It brings nothing to the table in terms of originality, and the only thing it will probably be able to do is annoy the fans of the series. The film looks like a television movie and for the most part plays like a movie about a girl's worried upbringing. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a little whore; but he never convinces himself that he is the Antichrist, because his looks are redundant and most of the "evil" he does is ridiculous. Faye Grant has the most delicate role and does not impress; while the rest of the cast regrets being the protagonist of such a terrible waste of time. The only positive thing about this film is the theme melody, which of course was torn from the original; and is abused. Overall, this film is not worth seeing; as it provides nothing for which the series is famous, and does not even do justice to the second weakest sequel.
