and so it was. It is through my experience that when a horror film reaches the status of "franchise", and subsequently the titles are released later, everyone, in turn, is struck by an inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The Awakening is no exception to this rule, with another small child presumably embracing their role as Antichrist, foretold by a religious prophecy. Haven't we seen it before? Was it not enough that, over the course of three films prior to this release, we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror fan like me, you will understand that it is common for a horror film that has many sequels and prequels to its merit to vanish in redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth title of a series. Regardless, there are times when you sit and realize how shameless some directors are. Omen IV: The Awakening is also this - a shameless money exercise. <br /> <br /> This film offers nothing new or intriguing to Omen's line up. As unique and genuine as Omen IV tries to be compared to his brothers, the similarities and plot devices are similarly embarrassing. Elements such as the guardian dog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of the people involved, the scene of death by beheading (clearly a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass plate) ... even up to the involvement of the father in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to recite a B-Rated cast in a horror title so far in a series, the acting is off the charts, crammed full of ridicule and involuntary humor due to some of the worst lines delivered throughout this film. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. Furthermore, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in the previous films was replaced by an auditory debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually intended to be used for this film or just extracted from a "bank" of serial audio ... which really says something, because I rarely comment on the bad misuse of a musical score - so far. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would call Omen IV: The Awakening a failure. In the world of horror films that carry a long list of titles, some manage to hit the mark and others fail. If you are interested in creating another notch on your weather-beaten horror belt, such as I am for completion purposes, maybe you could also engrave this title - if not for entertainment value, to appreciate when a movie runs correctly, or bad.
