Omen IV: The Awakening begins at the 'St. Frances Orphanage 'where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) receive a little girl from Sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) whom they adopted, they call her Delia. In the beginning things are going well but with the passing of the years and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows up Karen becomes suspicious of her while death and disaster follow her, Karen is convinced of being evil. Karen discovers she is pregnant but discovers a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist and gets a shock when she finds out who Delia's real father was ... <br /> <br /> Originally directed by Dominique Othenin- Girard who left or fired and was replaced by Jorge Montesi who completed the film, although the reason he took the trouble is that Omen IV: The Awakening is absolutely terrible and a disgrace to his illustrious predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is hilariously bad, I'm not sure this nonsense seemed as good as the word written on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong that I even find it so hard to believe. As a serious film Omen IV: The AWakening falls on his face and really works best if you look at it as a comedy parody, I mean the scene towards the end when the Detective comes face to face with a group of zombie singers who sing a threatening song Gothic song must be seen to be believed and I thought it was absolutely funny and ridiculous in equal measure. Then there's the useless difference between this and the other Omen films because this time it's a girl, the question I ask here is why? Seriously, why? There is absolutely no reason and it is not used for any purpose. Then, of course, there is the stupid shot at the end that claims that Delia kept her brother's embryo inside her and that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of Satan worshipers she was implanted in Karen so she could give in the light of the Antichrist. comes across as simply stupid. At first it has a certain entertainment value as it is ugly, but the involuntary hilarity gives way to complete boredom sooner than later. <br /> <br /> Obviously it is impossible to know how much of Omen IV: The Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi but it can be said that not everything went well behind the camera because it is a poor, inconspicuous film and inconspicuous, which was made for TV and shows itself with the refined, flat and unimaginative cinematography and production. Then there is the total lack of fear, atmosphere, tension and gore which are the main elements that made the previous Omen films so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been quite low and the film looks like it was. The most elegant thing about Omen IV: The Awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises into the air as Delia moves away to reveal a crucifix-shaped cross composed of two overlapping trajectories but this is the last shot before the roll of credits that says pretty much everything. I have to mention the music that sounds terrible, more suited to a play and sounds very inappropriate. Acting is fine, but as usual the child bothers. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: The Awakening is rubbish, it's a totally ridiculous film that tries to be serious and ends up being stupid. The change of director probably did not help, although it is not yet an excuse. Omen's last film to date follows the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), all far superior to this.
