Only the Antichrist could have been behind such a disaster. It is only hoped that this irony was the motivating force of the "film"! This film was so bad, it forced me to register with IMDb, finally, just to be able to trash it. What makes this film even more tragic is that it has had such BIG material! I've never seen a movie in which all the elements were so grotesquely mediocre as to make the result less than the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> It may seem insignificant, but I'd like to start with the score. As a proud owner of a music degree, I have to register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and blows as I listened to what John Scheffer did to Goldsmith's brilliant soundtrack; it was far more creepy than all the mockery and almost unintentionally comic death scenes. It was by far the most inappropriate score I've heard since, well, I really can't think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New Age Mysticism ??? What happened to the vivid realism of the original trilogy? In those films (more in the first two than in the third, but always !!) the supernatural was for the most part implicit, and it was this subtlety that made films so strangely credible. Here we have darkening crystals (calling all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and crucifixes reversed galore, even though in some scenes the crucifux would be perfectly normal but for the camera angle. The refined psychological manipulation that attacks the malaise inherent in our collective psyche is over: in its place a "slap in the face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add to this a head actress so incredibly ANCHORING that you will fervently thank the director for those scenes from which he is absent. I've never seen a child so fundamentally irritating since little Stephanie ruined the whole family. <br /> <br /> Apart from that, I have no strong feelings about the subject ;-) Fortunately the first three films are skilled enough to make this celluloid shipwreck wasted inconsistent or, at best, a study on DO NOT make a movie. The viewer is careful! It can induce vomiting if you're lucky.
