After only 15 minutes in this film, I started losing the previous, heavier Zhang Yimou films that looked at China's politics and society from unique perspectives. His martial arts film shift was a serious misstep in my humble opinion. Hero was his worst film from Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complex story and more wooden acting than the one found in a John Agar film. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese films for some years (and understands and can speak a little Mandarin), I'm sure my opinion is different from many others because I come from a different context. SMMF, like Hero, is not a traditional kung fu movie, and it's certainly not a wuxia pian movie. There is no sword and sorcery or knightly elements here. This is a completely different vehicle than infinitely more watchable films like A Chinese Ghost Story (all 3), The Butterfly Murders, Green Snake, et al. While everyone highlighted the charismatic protagonists who seemed to really appreciate what they do, SMMF presents a bland, sometimes ridiculous dialogue, combined with the acting of cardboard. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person as well as Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority with this film that is really quite offensive. He takes himself so seriously, it only becomes a huge joke in the end. All the actors seem as if this were the most important piece of celluloid in history, they destroy any possibility of actually transmitting emotions, and the complete lack of a sense of humor really makes us wonder if Zhang Yimou was making a film by itself, or simply a shop window (ie an "ego enhancement") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally peeping out with her face and being sexually raped not once but twice in the movie. His acting field has not really exceeded his ability to play a naive "w" itch. She is so focused on her acting, that she appears cold and lifeless, as if she were reading the lines of a notecard. It's so fun to hear American critics and movie people (like Quentin Tarantino's completely personalityless) call this movie a masterpiece. I imagine that if they see a group of Asian actors on the screen that seem really important as they fly through a bamboo forest, they are led to believe that it is a fantastic film. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while maintaining his style, editing and characteristic postures, lacks the vitality and originality of his previous films such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the thread in this film is really poor, and if there are any obvious subpar / wireworks, you probably shouldn't have shot it at high speed. The same applies to special effects that have a distinct sense of the B-movie. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after being launched) without any regard for logic, turning, climbing and bankruptcy as if there were a small pilot inside. I know that logic doesn't hold a place in Chinese martial arts styled movies, but if you don't want to induce a large number of giggles from your audience, then you should probably work a little more on your compositing. A mass melodrama, unintentionally amusing dramatic moments, boring fight scenes, really uninspired twists are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou is no longer making films for the Chinese public. This is intended to penetrate the western market just as CTHD did. After seeing Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make films in Hollywood, he has certainly started the right way. SMMF is basically The Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought Hero was bad.
