OK, so I rented this clown-like-Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire movie, I didn't expect much, but I liked the novel's approach to a serial killer movie. (from the back of the box is the following synopsis) "In the beginning, it was just a joke - a myth around the fire - for five friends who were staying in a remote cabin in the Texas woods, but when they started to disappear one - - one , replaced by scattered, bloody body parts and voodoo effigies, the few remaining loopholes for their lives.But it's out there.It's sick.And all it wants is blood ... "So obviously, not from the beginning it does not make sense: why is this clown in the woods to begin with? Why a clown? Why are their dolls designed with the word "food"? Why why? Almost nothing is answered in this 1 hour and 30 minutes. celebrates feasts except where this clown lives. The characters are stupid boys, stupid girls and a lot of rudeness. One in particular is a girl who brought from a roadside restaurant, who they thought they needed to help because she had been annoyed by a boy she knew. What guarantees this as an excuse to bring a girl into the circle of friends or into their cabin? She naturally starts planting seeds of jealousy, having sex with her by feeding stupid minds everything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music was a normal affair (the music of a standard frantic keyboard like in any horror film without differences). The actors seemed to be carried by some soap operas in the way they complained and complained about everything. The idea that the protagonist of the film takes this girl to the cabin, given that their first date makes it a horrible date, but of course, he unrealistically grants him the first night of meeting him. There was practically no budget spent at all, apparently, but there was a clown dress and a sack of $ 1 dollar dolls lying around in the woods, which was a horribly bland place to shoot the whole film (it has been done too many times). I was also waiting for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (perhaps through the glass), but nothing so exciting came into the film. I guess you should have thought the clown was a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give the film to 3. It was an interesting premise (clown like the character of Texas Chainsaw Massacre, in essence) and I'll give them a star to play seriously when the film may have been serious totally a B-movie style video, but they opted for the most legitimate video style. But in the end, I probably would have felt to rent the Killer Klowns video from Mars again before checking this out again. Ah, but that cover art ... a really fantastic design.
