Far from providing the calcium to the caffeine that you would expect from a film that shares its name with the greater consumption of hot drinks, Coffy stops and never rises above being just a tale of revenge. In fact, if the film were a cup of coffee, it would be rather weak and watery, sprinkled with a few undesirable wastes and lacking a lingering aftertaste. Sporadically it hits the place, but otherwise it's not the hot action drama that it hopes to be. <br /> <br /> Plot-wise, Coffy is a nurse who takes the law in his hands and offers hard justice to drug-pushing, lady-pimpin ', criminals who have hooked her younger sister into a depraved sick state . The socio-political commentary on the plight of young urban blacks in America is prominent in Coffy, and does some stimulating things like Coffy's crusades against political corruption and white racism that he profits from and parasites on American minorities. Unfortunately, timely messages are weakened by the poor quality of the film and lack of concentration. Coffy's ideas are important, it's just that they are not well targeted. <br /> <br /> One of Coffy's positive points is the presence of the icon Blaxploitation Pam Grier. Grier plays the role with gusto and creates an attractive action heroine while shooting the scum in his often spectacular acts of violence (how do you manage a house full of hoods? Drive the car through the door!). It's just a pity that the plot falters on occasions, wasting time squeezing out as much sexual exploitation as possible. The low budget may not have helped, but neither is the fact that for a shot by Blaxploitation, Coffy lacks groove. Just as problems are undermined by the lack of quality, entertainment and excitement are also impaled by moments of dullness and deviation. <br /> <br /> The total result is a worker and a wood one. We get a hip heroine but not a hip movie. It's a shame because Coffy has his moments and should rightly be considered a key film in the Blaxploitation mania; never rises above the average number, lukewarm.
