I could not believe that this film dates back to 2007, it had all the appearance of a horror film of the seventies below the average. They had no knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Didn't they know that in the post-millennium violence in an alleged horror and / or scifi movie should be at least a bit graphic? Or was I wrong about the purpose, was it to be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, tied together in the great cycle of life, or a warning to humanity not to confuse Nature, or something like that ?? It doesn't matter, in both cases it turned out to be wrong and for me this film failed on all accounts. <br /> <br /> First of all: the premise is very unlikely. If at any time you are able to replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist would start his first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, which is totally unprofessional. And do all this apparently without the patient's informed consent? And why choose the eyes that have a totally unusual color for humans, and make the victim look like a monster ?! By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had normal dark puppy eyes, couldn't they have waited for such a specimen? The story is lame, it speaks of this poor boy Aaron who receives these strange eye transplants, who suddenly make him feel like the wolf-donor (or at least, that's what I do) and then he is chased by some soldiers. Above all this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine the soldiers with the sight of the night eye!) But since the operation fails due to the patient's apparent nervous exhaustion, the reason is beyond me so you're ready to kill him. Why not leave it alone and look for another usable recipient? (maybe a volunteer soldier ??). And why try to kill everyone involved with poor Aaron, isn't it a bit steep ?! Who the hell are these soldiers anyway, I hope it's not the US military or the government, they act like psychopaths, walk around the hospital waving automatic weapons, looting private apartments as if they were looking for a public enemy number 1 and showing them during last show-down in the woods a total lack of discipline, like a bunch of frightened pupils, in a panic and shooting at random around. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some unfathomable medical reason, feels like a wolf after an eye transplant. Why should it be ??? All of a sudden he sees visions of wandering wolves. What is this? Should we believe that the wolf-donor's memories are in his eyes?!? And that the recipient of these eyeballs also adopts the wolf's desire for red meat (life) and can jump off a 30 foot high balcony and land unharmed on its four legs like a cat (can a wolf do that too?) !). <br /> <br /> The acting (or lack thereof) has not helped the credibility of all this: everyone stumbles in their jokes like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, could be pretty but can only come up with a expression (irritated) and some disinterested mumblings about the force of Nature, and beat me because Aaron is suddenly all about her (but hey, there probably had to be at least one love scene!). I really sympathized with actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a nice guy with a pretty good face, but didn't give him much to do. He has to run shirtless for more than half of the movie, which could have been fun to watch, but then they would have chosen someone with a more impressive physique, who should really leave the shirt. His (few) murders and attacks are hardly shown, we hear only a growl and screams of fear and then there is another victim lying and Aaron with some blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern science fiction horror! The only good acting came from Justine Bateman, and I really like to see how she matured into a beautiful, classy 40-year-old woman. He did what he could with his silly lines and even convinced me that he was this doctor with good intentions, but they made his character a kind of whiner, which is totally mocked by the leader of these armies. What a pity the script didn't make you get up a little more! <br /> <br /> In the end this sums up as a silly and rather boring, almost scary or electrifying film, with incredible things, a lot of visions of wolves that wander through woods and slopes of National Geographic type. (who cares?!?), some pretentious Indian dialogues on Man and Nature and a non-uniform music with poppy songs in the most inappropriate moments. I imagine the word "superfluous" covers everything.
