The hybrid begins as a guard of the planet for water treatment, Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that makes him blind. Fortunately it happens that the brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron would be perfect for his first human experiment. Hewitt and his team transplant the eyes of a Wolf into Aaron and miraculously regain their sight. Brilliant, isn't it? Well, no not really since Aaron starts to go crazy as he sees random images of Wolves and starts to develop a lust for blood. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and runs away but is too precious to let him go and a large-scale search is mounted to capture him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya, this is yet another L Fi Channel offer that is simply simply terrible in every way possible, I think it probably started life as a real "Creature Feature", but ended up as one of the most boring and boring Sci-Fi Channel movies I have never seen. t are also equipped with any type of monster or creature. The hybrid is horrible, the script is terrible and I'm not even sure who it was intended to appeal to. The initial setup is OK with Aaron getting Wolf's eyes but then Hybrid escapes the elements of science fiction and becomes a kind of horrible drama since it focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state as he wonders if he does anything in particular with a woman Native American. Yes, don't you think that the Sci-Fi Channel can make a film about the Wolves and put a lot of trash on Native American mythology there too? The dynamics of the character is bizarre, Aaron is shown as the persecuted hero yet he is the only character who kills anyone in the film and is a rather unpredictable, ungrateful and irritating person while Dr. Hewitt is shown as the evil scientist who still gives Aaron supports his sight and does nothing but try to help him. I mean Aaron is given back the gift of sight, but is Hewitt the bad guy? There is also the fixed Sci-Fi Channel base for US military intervention, the problem is why do they want Aaron so much? He is not a soldier and while he has the eyes of the Wolves to help him see in the darkness he is absolutely insignificant. The script can't make you think if it's all in Aaron's mind or it's real, the ending is hilariously bad with a half-naked (remember it was made for television) Aaron crossing a forest with a pack of Wolves set so horribly music which I think should be emotional but it makes it even more fun. There are so many things wrong with Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's practically no action, there is no Werewolves and the movie runs in circles trying to get into Aaron's mind, but it's all so ridiculous, silly and boring that you don't care about one a bit and there is never any explanation as to why, despite having just transplanted Lupi's eyes, Aaron begins to develop other senses of the wolf. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, I had a major surgery on my right eye & I can guarantee that after an operation your eye would be swollen, you wouldn't be able to open it and it would be bad like hell, despite the eye transplant as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed his eyes are perfect with no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, blood or blood or violence and nothing to excite you. Actually I think about it now, there is nothing remotely horror or science fiction about it, it looks like a sad movie of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba, Canada, the film looks OK but is bland and forgettable. Acting is scarce on the part of everyone involved, none of whom I have ever seen before and hopefully never again. <br /> <br /> The hybrid is a terrible film that is obviously marketed as "Creature Feature" by Werewolve, but it's far from people will really have trouble getting to the terrible ending that will probably tear you to pieces.
