The plot seems vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves into other animals, like humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded by saving a colleague at work - the scientist receives a call from a doctor that the young man is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient starts to become more like a wolf, but the effect is nothing but "strange eyes" and run at night with dogs! (for the whole film) The budget is too low, the dialogues too sad (I laughed aloud in some ridiculous speeches) and the acting too inept. Long portions of the film are nothing more than dreamlike looks, disturbing music and interspersed clips of wolves in the wild. Too long even at 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use eye transplants to give sightless wounded soldiers and presumably want to militarize the technology. There's a stupid subplot on a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while the music is heavy on the drums and you can hear Indian singing - crazy, man! The realization of love takes place immediately after a horrible murder - who changed this turkey?! An evil "medicine man" who spits banality seems to do little, except to add atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. A research lab worker enters the animal room to find that the monkeys have been released from their cages. She gets scared, looks at the monkeys on the left, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left ... this goes on for a while (who changed it ??). PERFORMED BY THE DAMN LABORATORY! It was so stupid that I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, flees from a window as the heavily armed soldiers arrive - he leaves the window open, the soldiers go to the open window, look out the window, say "it looks like he was here" and LEAVE ! He came out of the open window, guys !! Crazy people. <br /> <br /> Towards the end of the film, the military shoot several times with machine guns on the trees, when of course there is nothing - it is easier to place the squibs that I imagine. They have 6 machine guns that have cut down the trees, but they decide to fight our hero with 1 knife !!! Shoot the boy !! Who wrote this junk ?? There's a useless fight at the end, and believe me, I'm not ruining anything for you - there's not enough plot to ruin. <br /> <br /> I imagine the whole thing to be a fiscal disaster or a rush to use unused budget funds from some better movie.
