I don't understand people. Because this movie is getting an 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had high hopes for this film, but when I was about half an hour, I just wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this site people say that this is one of the best action movies they have seen (either summer, year, etc.) They say it's an excellent conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What has been concluded (besides the fact that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else comes across)? What do you learn about the character of Bourne in this film ????????? Absolutely f ****** nothing !!!!!!! Ok, there's a lot of action, but what's so nice about the action in this movie ?? I don't like cinematography and editing. The flickering camera effect and the fast shots were used TOO much and they got old fast (I didn't mind for Supremacy because it was still easy to follow and I wasn't used in excess) and made me dizzy. I was quickly wishing I had saved my price for something else. <br /> <br /> This film has no plot. This whole movie is a 115 minute chase seen. Bourne, who doesn't learn anything at all in the 115 minutes of the film, is a perfectionist for everything he tries. There is absolutely no character development in this film, you know nothing about anyone, and there is a wide range of new characters introduced in this episode. Some people have said that this film has incredible writing and suspense. ??????????? !!!!!!!! What writing ???? What suspense ??? There is no suspense. Bourne is so perfect at doing everything he does, I don't think he has anything to worry about. If this is the best film of the year 2007, I could simply stop watching movies entirely !! <br /> <br /> Many people have also said that Matt Damon's performance in this film is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. What a show ?? How many lines did he have in this film ??? I have a little respect for Damon because he was in the movies I liked and played different characters, but a good actor is someone you can barely recognize from one movie to another, someone who chooses different types of roles. Not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (which Damon doesn't do, but an example of someone doing is Vin Diesel). <br /> <br /> However, this film was a BIG disappointment for me. I don't recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy) and I highly recommend reading the three books (which are very different from the movies).
