This low quality universal cooler has just been announced as the next DVD release but as part of a collection of similar films that I already had, I decided to buy it from other channels rather than wait for that legitimate version. Which is equally positive, since the end result was nothing particularly special (if decently atmospheric): for beginners, the plot is rather weak ?? even if in a certain sense he anticipates the vehicle of Vincent Price THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), even if without the campy taste of that film. What we have here, in fact, is a penniless sculptor (Martin Kosleck) ?? that we even see her shabby cheese plate with her domestic cat! ?? who, finding himself on the opposite side of the vitriol pen of the art critic Alan Napier once too, decides to end it by throwing himself into the nearby river. However, while contemplating just that action, he is expected by Rondo Hatton's killer nicknamed "The Creeper" and, of course, saves the poor boy's life with the intention of making sure he does the dirty work for him in sign of gratitude! Although it is supposedly set in New York art circles, all we see at work is Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Lowery (who continues to paint the same statuesque blonde girl Joan Shawlee in trivial poses as it is for art?) , quite conveniently, he is engaged to a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) of Napier's! In a short time, the latter is discovered with the broken spine and Lowery is suspected; but then the investigative investigator Bill Goodwin has the brilliant idea of ​​involving another critic to publish a pungent review of Lowery's work (I didn't know that the advertising sketches had been revised !!) in order to evaluate how violent his reaction would have been ! Meanwhile, does Kosleck fool himself into thinking he is creating his masterpiece by sculpting the unusually steep Hatton ?? and recognizable ?? visage that, needless to say, attracts the attention of Gray in constant visit (we are led to believe that she lacks material for her weekly column) with great regret both the artist and the model. Disconcerting, even though The Creeper is fully aware of how Gray looks (thanks to his aforementioned obsessing Kosleck's flea pad), will he clash with Shawlee ?? who had become Goodwin's girlfriend! ?? in Lowery's apartment and, hearing talk in conversation with Kosleck (you guessed it) Gray about his intention to dump him as the fallen man for the police, he sends the giant from his deep end, even to destroy his now completed stony image . Curiously, even though this was Hatton's penultimate film, his name in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introduce"!
