As it is obvious that the film becomes public and so often proves it. As soon as some critics say something new is good (eg "Shake-Cam"), everyone gets on the wagon, as if they had no independent thought. This was not a good movie, it was a terrible film. 1) plot? - What plot? Bourne was chased from here to there, from beginning to end. This is the plot. Don't look for anything deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old child armed with an old and battered 8mm camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is a tour-de-force of surprisingly amateur cameras. The ridiculous shaking of EVERY scene (I really mean every) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) credible? - Oh yeah sure. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I love the scenes of Bourne chased by the (local) police through the winding streets of the Tangier market. - I was in Tangier. Even the guides can't cross those streets but Bourne got rid of 100 policemen with speed and finesse. Greengrass must laugh out loud due to the ingenuity of his film disciples. 4) Change? - I don't know what the editor did when he shot this film, but I want some! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt the nausea at the end of the film by the stroboscopic effect of the flashing "scenes". 5) Directing? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film seems to have had no directing. Another case of Greengrass that launches a copy of the script (all two pages) to the cameramen and says "take some scenes while you're drunk". - "Don't worry guys, we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room". The publisher should be harassed, folded and stockpiled to allow this monstrosity to hit the big screen 6) Not one but TWO top CIA agents who give tender female treatment to the abused and misunderstood Jason Bourne. - Endangering their lives for someone they couldn't even be sure of was not a traitor. Let's talk about stupid Nincompoops. (While the male evil members of the CIA are plotting to end any agent who drops a paper clip on the floor). (Well, all men are evil, right? - Except for the SNAGS, of course). Yes, this is indeed a modern and politically correct film that shows women as the heroes of the day and oppressive men as the real threat to humanity. 7) When the tu-you-know-it finally hits the fan, the good triumphs over evil (just like it always does, eh?) And the would-be assassin gets the fall on Jason Bourne - suddenly he suffers a sense of guilt and refrains from pulling the trigger (Yeah - right ...) - right then, the evil assistant manager happens to get up - gun in hand and he pulls the trigger. - How did this 60-year-old man run so fast and without even breathing? The wonders will never cease 8) Don't worry, there is a hearing in the Senate and the criminals are arrested in front of the courts. Well, we can't have bad, politically incorrect, CIA agents running around people, right? How nice to see a real life P.C. Noughties film. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is a real garbage.
