The number of goofs in this episode was greater than the first 9. They do not follow their rules about spirits in which the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. This dropped a second body. That body and Dean fall about 20 feet from Sam, but then they're right with Sam. The torches are extinguished in an unlighted nursery, at night, and we can still see everything. It's night but the light flows through the windows. Is a ghost who died in the 60s making phone calls to mobile phones? Come on! Sam is in no way able to convince a psychiatrist to see him the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to Sam as if it were not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits still lurking and doing nothing to help them. It doesn't look like something the Winchester kids would do. Oh, and after crawling on a dirty mattress and all around a nasty madhouse, the girls' makeup and hair is perfect and not a stain on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> While the implementation of this episode had problems, the premise was good and sometimes I was not scared but nervous while Dean read Elicots' diary. I only knew that an object so intensely personal to the ghost attracted him to the person who violated his sanctity. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps it is a fault for such an important object or place (such as Elicot's office) that it should attract the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they separate, I want to scream ... 'Here's how you die! Always stay together and look at each other! "but they don't listen to me: either Elicot's spirit and his special ability were a very nice touch. It's a prime-time show, but I hope that Elicot's horror casts off one of his victims and uses the anticipation of torture to make us crawl further. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the lighting, I gave this 4. The sudden darkness or the flickering of the lighting of the whole scene while the flashlight is even more terrifying. "Lighter that comes or the torch that revives and instantly a spirit is in their face is shocking. I understand that the directors want us to see its scene but then we make mention or obvious connection from Elicot that touches an electrical outlet and the lights The characters respond to the fact that an energyless asylum suddenly has lights in the single room. The blue-white lights flickered like electric bows just like Elicot's fingers. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have f are better.
