Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It is absolutely apt, and therefore the only aspect of the film for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there is horror, there is even the horror that takes place on floating houses. But if there was ever a slogan for the movie poster, it would surely be "Something like this comes ..." for Houseboat Horror is undoubtedly the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror film I've ever seen and a pretty heinous attempt to make films in general. The good news is that it's so damn horrible that it crosses the area of ​​contempt for the viewer into the wonderful world of involuntary hilarity. It's worth looking at * because * it's damn horrible. <br /> <br /> The "worst" category does not come from the plot, for the simple reason that there is one: a record producer, a film crew and a rock band driving up to the mysterious Lake Infinity, a picturesque rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (actually Lake Eildon) to shoot a music video. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there and, perhaps in an attempt to do the public a favor, start taking them one at a time with a very sharp knife. Even more mystifying is how long it takes for survivors to notice this, <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like a very bog-standard B-movie slasher. You have very annoying young people, intolerant old people, disturbing locals (one of whom, a gas station, would easily win a munch competition), and let's face it, my description of the murderer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the values ​​of acting and production were just as good as the comparative masterpiece of Friday 13th Part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both of these things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, this only makes what you do become so ridiculous and fun. Fans of the single "Late Show" and "Get This", Tony Martin, will already be aware of some of the real gemmated dialogues ("Take a look at the panorama ... you barter!"), While the real song and accompanying the music video is so bad that it has to be heard to be believed - I can't help but wonder if writer / director Ollie Wood hoped it would actually become a success. The horror element is comparable, I think of B-slasher of the genre and in particular of the period, but there were moments when I could not help but imagine someone biting a hamburger off screen and seeing a flurry of salsa tomato sprayed to the wall on the screen. <br /> <br /> In fact, if you've listened to Tony Martin recommending this movie as a hilarious junk like me, I don't think you'll be disappointed. Any fan of "so-bad-good-good" horror should not miss the chance. Whether you "give it up" or not, it's another matter. If, on the other hand, you are looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get a copy of the incomparable "Long Weekend" and don't look back.
