When the remake of When A Stranger Calls was out, obviously I was interested in looking at the original. Then, when I read about the original (which I remember my sisters were completely crazy during the day) I saw that the real money is on the Black Christmas, which apparently beats everyone at the punch "the caller is in the house ". So I have Netflix, and it sits at the top of my list for months because of its "very long wait". All this time I'm getting more and more eager to see it! Then one day, suddenly, finally arrives! ... And it's a real snoring. <br /> <br /> Of course, maybe I had high expectations, but I don't think he would have earned more if I had seen him fresh. The thing is, it's Christmas in a Canadian university town, and there's this sisterhood with a party. We see some shots of POV killer as he climbs this pylon and creeps into the attic. So we know he is at home. Then are our characters presented to us ?? - Olivia Hussey as the mousy, plaintive, Jess with a Canadian accent. Margot Kidder as the annoying, overtly aggressive Barb alcoholic. It's so annoying that even her mother invites her for her Christmas parties. There is also this irritating clone of Janis Ian ("Phil") and this alcoholic lady, Mrs Mac, who has seen her cigarettes taken from the various bottles of alcohol she has hidden throughout the house. We also meet the very close-knit boy of Jess, Peter, played by Keir Dullea in 2001 and Bunny Lake is the vanished fame, although in the middle of the film I was still wondering "What is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> So it looks like the house received obscene phone calls, but this was before e-mail, so they couldn't ask him to send a photo. So ... well, do you know how people say that those plastic bags for dry cleaning aren't a toy? One of the sisters finds out the hard way. Don't worry if you don't catch the first 14 shots of the face of the plastic-coated corpse while resting in the attic ?? - there will be 28 more scattered in the film, obviously there to make you say "Oh my God! There is a corpse in the attic!" Even if after the first hour we move on to: "Why the stupid police didn't find the recessed attic plastic in the attic? " Especially because it is made very clear that it is clearly visible from the outside of the house. Indeed, at any time before CSI came on the air it must have been a golden age of crime; the cops are so stupid. Fortunately some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> However, after a very boring and boring human drama, the parent company fears that its precious kitten has climbed up a vertical ladder and opened a heavy-looking trap to the door above it (those cunning cats!), because she puts her head inside and ends up with a hooked pulley in her neck for the trouble. Now we have two corpses in the attic ?? - hey, why don't we have another 75 shots trying to cool us off from the fact that there are now two corpses in the attic? <br /> <br /> I know by now the police have begun to take the situation seriously, to touch the phone of the houses and to put a policeman out. They tell Jess and his friend Janis Ian that if the obscene caller calls, they need to keep him on the phone. Jessica, who has become even more plaintive, insipid and irritating, continues to ask the caller "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" after like the first 89 calls, when it is clear that you will not answer them. Isn't it like a sign of developmental disability? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what are you going to do, suddenly say "Oh yes, hi, is Bob from the laundromat?" Stupid jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! In any case, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are piled up in bed with ketchup splashed on their face (the gore idea of ​​this movie), and idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window of the house is locked. Hello? Are you stalking or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is at home and they call Jess and say "don't ask questions, do as I say, go to the main door and get out". So what does the moron Jess do? Start yelling "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, big sister idea. Now why don't you go upstairs where you know a psychotic killer is lurking? Of course he does, and he sees his former friends, all full of ketchup, pushing this viewer to scream on the screen: "Do you have a clue now ?!" <br /> <br /> Now, of course, you need to be understanding and realize that this film was made before the classic trophies of the slasher movies were firmly in place, and that it didn't move at the same pace as we were accustomed, and seeing a corpse covered in plastic in the attic as it was 206 times was probably scary in the past, and people were not used to being stalked by psychopaths, so they didn't think of closing doors or windows. And they might be tempted to wander upstairs when they've just been told that a rabid killer is up there. See, people were stupid in the 1970s. We need to understand that. One of the big shocks is that we don't even see our proto-Final Girl kill the psychopath. But believe me, this fact is more interesting to read in this review than to watch the movie. End spoiler! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my website about bad and bad taste movies (with some good movies launched). You can find the URL in my email address above.
