Unhinged was part of the film selection on the censorship of Video Nasty that the United Kingdom had built in the 1980s. Keeps the blood stuff out of the hands of children, you don't know! Many must have wondered what it was. According to today's standard, Unhinged is a small, domesticated fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls participate in a jazz concert ... and immediately, you know that the number of bodies will be quite low. They get lost in the woods and end up in a car accident that seems so fake that it's ridiculous. They are collected by some nearby residents who live in the woods in a creepy house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must be upstairs. Then he is talking. About why the girls are here, and how they should be at dinner on time because mom doesn't like it when someone is late. And more talking. Yakkity yak. Some suspense is built while a madman is walking and harassing the girls, and someone's eyeball is looking through the holes in the walls of pretty girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I digress because there is so much blah blah in this movie, that you wonder when the killings will start. In fact, one of the girls gets so bored from her mind that she walks in the woods, alone, looking for the city. Smart move. He probably knew the lonely virgin who walked alone in the woods, but he didn't care. Other speeches continue after this while we wait, wait and wait a little longer until the next girl can or cannot be killed. <br /> <br /> And then there's the ending. The unexpected "expected" for some spectators, for others a real fuss. Most likely the ONLY reason why someone would really like to see it. I don't care how complicated it is, nothing in this film makes up for the most boring period I've seen. Even with the least impact of the ending, the director didn't have exactly what it takes to really deliver a good story. He would have done a much better television episode than 30 minutes - 1 hour to say, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really need to take it for any reason, perhaps to say that you have watched all the slasher films, do yourself a favor and you have the fast forward button ready. Since the film has so many unimportant scenes, just enlarge them and, in no time, you'll get to the end of "WOW, that's what it's been all this time". Oh, in the middle of the movie there's a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo-bees. Horray for the boo-bees. Those beautiful buzzing that make honey.
