If you sit down to watch Unhinged, it's probably because his commercials, videotapes and everything else scream that he's been banned in the UK for over 20 years (like pretty much every bad video). It's true; exploitation and taboo excites people and attracts them with their promise of controversy. Being a fan of exploitation, however, none of this was new to me. The ads that shout that the film has been banned in the UK don't make me want to watch it; in fact, the first thing that comes to mind usually is the disgusting paranoia of British censorship. How I came to see this, therefore, is simple: he promised gore and it was only $ 6.99. The price alone warned me not to hope this was the next Halloween, but a cheap padding in your DVD collection never hurts. I tried, however, to look at it all at once, because I find that deciding to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. However, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I discovered that I had come across the cheapest sleeping aids available. I think distributors could make a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique. <br /> <br /> The layout of Unhinged is a common slasher of the 80s. There are useless scenes of downpours and exploitation. That's all. Anyway, start with a group of three attractive co-eds who crash their car as they head for a concert. Even though two of them (Terry and Nancy) are okay, one (Gloria) is badly injured and is out of order for the rest of the film. They are saved and taken to a villa (which obviously has no telephone, of course) with rather strange occupants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a mother who hates the man who constantly accuses Marion of secretly entering the house to sleep with them (echoes of Psycho?). It also happens to have a crazy brother Carl who lives in the woods, because the hatred for his mother's men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay at home. After hanging up with Marion for a while, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite everyone's warnings, Nancy challenges dangerous woods to reach a telephone (her fate is not difficult to predict). After that, we see Gloria again, who is promptly slaughtered with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from his room, he decides that something is wrong with this image and decides to find his missing friends. This could be easier said than done, however, with crazy Carl lurking around ?? <br /> <br /> After seeing Unhinged, I read a huge number of reviews that stated that Unhinged worked perfectly because it took some time to build the subject that created a real tension when the moment came of truth comes to an end. Normally, I don't drag the opinions of others into my reviews (especially when they contradict my opinions), but in this case I was so puzzled by their reactions that I thought it would be important to mention them. This is because, in reality, the film strips. Normally, to make the slow-building tactic work, the public must have the distinct feeling that the characters are in danger. Oh sure, we see that two of them are killed, but between them there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom. We are aware that there is a killer on the loose, but this is focused only on three times in the film; this means that there is no reason to fear for the victims. Instead, the events of the film are not explained by the actions of the characters, but are designed for us to speak forever. If there is one thing I can assure you of observing this, it is that scenes of characters who merely converse for 75 minutes are very boring. None of this is helped by atrocious acting. It seems this was another case where the director needed actors and decided to bring his friends together instead of finding someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course, I would be a liar if I said there wasn't a part of the film that I liked. In particular, the finale was one of the best I've ever seen in a slasher film; you simply don't expect that to happen. Just knowing that the director has the balls to do something like this is spectacular. Ah, I will not ruin it for you, nor will I say that the ending completely compensates for the rest of the slowly moving film, but it will certainly attract your attention. Apart from that, the other two murder scenes carry at least one faster material, but it's not like you can't tell exactly who would die for fifteen minutes in the movie. Anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed, however; those are the only scenes of blood present. This and, of course, no scene can save an entire movie. Normally I preach the doctrine that as long as there is action, worse is a film, the better. Unhinged contains only a part of this concept. The whole film seems barely warm; there's potential, but the director didn't have enough experience to make it work or he just didn't know what the hell he was doing.
