The Invisible Maniac begins as a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is captured by his stern mother (Marilyn Adams) who watches a girl (Tracy Walker) crawls through his telescope ... He cuts to "Twenty Years Later" and Kevin Dornwinkle ( Noel Peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to transform invisible things using a "mollecular reconstruction" serum. However during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists he fails and everyone laughs at him, Dornwinkle goes crazy kills some of them and is locked up in a psychiatric institution from which he flees. Go ahead 'Two weeks later' and a group of summer university students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the director Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she hired a replacement, yes, you guessed it which is Dornwinkle. The student does not take it and treats it as if it were dirty, however Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual impulses and his desire for revenge ... <br /> <br /> Co-written & directed by Adam Rifkin who cleverly hides under the pseudonym of Rif Coogan (I wouldn't want my name to be associated with this film in a movie) The Invisible Maniac is a real barrel ass. Rifkin's script, I'm sorry Coogan and Tony Markes is horrible. Try to be a hybrid of teenage sex / comedy / horror that fails in every department. To begin with, sex is nothing more than a few female shower scenes and some boob shots, not much else I'm afraid and the birds of The Invisible Maniac aren't even that good. The play is lame and every joke lacks the proverbial mile, this is the kind of movie that thinks someone who fights an invisible man or has Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a phone call is fun. The Invisible Maniac makes the series of films of the Police Academy (1984 - 1994) as the pinnacle of refinement! As for the horror aspect, that too is lame. It's also incredibly slow (it takes over half an hour before Dornwinkles becomes invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has an extremely annoying and unpredictable teenage character. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever it does absolutely not to try to make The Invisible Maniac a slightly pleasant experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere and overall the film is a real task to sit on. It does nothing with the angle of invisibility, only a few doors that open by themselves is adventurous. There is little blood or violence, some finicky blood, some strangulation and the only decent part in the film when someone has their head thrown away with a shotgun, unfortunately it was invisible at that time and we were only able to see the bust without head afterwards. <br /> <br /> The budget must have been low, and I mean really low because this is a seriously economic film. Dornwinkles's lab is basically two vases on his bedside table! When he escapes from the psychiatric institution, he has a whole dog that is sent behind him and the whole school has about a dozen students and two teachers. The Invisible Maniac is a badly made film for the duration of 85 minutes, I have identified the boom microphone at least on one occasion ... Let's just say that the acting is low level and lets go. <br /> <br /> The Invisible Maniac is crap, simple and simple. I haven't found any kind of ransom, there are so many better movies you can watch, so there's no reason to waste time on this junk. Definitely one to avoid.
