Film critics of the world, I apologize. Your job is to advise the cinema audience so they can choose wisely what to invest. But I ignored your advice and I was deeply hurt. However, my decision to see "The Cat in the Hat" was not taken at random. You see, three years ago all of you critics said that we all had to avoid the "calamity" known as "How the Grinch stole Christmas". Then some of my friends took me to see it and it turned out to be a colorful, fun and almost hypnotic treat. So when critics unleashed their fury against "The Cat in the Hat", another big budget of Seuss updated with a big star in the title role, I thought it was the same old song. How wrong I was. <br /> <br /> For five full minutes I thought I was clear. The opening credits are smart, the kids are fascinating and the production values ​​are top notch. Then the cat appeared. There are many problems from this point on, but the biggest was Mike Myers' painful miscasting. Where "The Grinch" was rescued from Jim Carrey's inspired casting, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be a lot of fun when his energies are applied to which they belong, comic sketches. Every movie he made was really fun, actually it was just a feature film sketch, from "Wayne's World" to "Austin Powers". So try to do the same thing here, it's just that these comic sketches are more like the things that stick to the end of SNL, not funny, just painful. Not that the writers helped him in any way. After the fascinating prologue, the film turns into an hour of repugnant gags of body humor, bad beatings and insulting attempts at acute humor. This film was the most compelling cinematic experience I've ever had. Period. So much talent and work went into something so vile. I know the adult stars of this movie will be relatively unscathed from this mess, I just hope the wonderful Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have more chances to show their charm in far better films. If you are a parent, please avoid this like the plague. With films like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters, you have better choices.
