Hellborn begins as a young psychiatric doctor named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) who takes up his residency at the St. Andrews asylum, or "mental illness facility" as he likes to call him there. With nearly 600 patients Bishop meets his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and is put to work, receives the "A" department where some severely unbalanced and dangerous patients take place. If this wasn't bad enough during his first round of visits, Bishop finds a corpse and threatened to bring up graffiti messages on his room. The bishop begins to hear stories from patients about sinister events in the asylum and soon discovers that the stories have more than a bit of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as the Asylum of the Damned in the United States this supernatural horror film was directed by Philip J. Jones and I liked it, but in the end there were too many unsatisfactory elements to fully enjoy it. Matt McCombs' script takes it very seriously and I quite liked the idea behind it and some of his ideas, but there are some things that work against it. To begin with, the film is too slow, the plot is pretty good and doesn't reveal itself too soon, but it takes an absolute age to move forward and I was quickly losing interest every minute. I also thought that the so-called final twist was too predictable and the ending itself too bland and forgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story, the character, the setting and some of the ideas, but it's simply too slow and frankly boring to entertain him over his 90 minutes. It's one of those films I'd like to recommend, but in all honesty I can't. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job, this is actually a well-lit and rather atmospheric film. I wouldn't say something scary here. I'm not sure that Hellborn was killed in a real madhouse, but if it hadn't been, they did a great job on the sets and the film looks pretty good overall. Unfortunately there is a real lack of blood or action, there are two wounds in the shape of a hand print and a severed tongue and nothing, absolutely nothing in terms of blood or blood that must go down as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe and what review you read the special effects are the worst ever or very well, in addition to being a devoted low budget horror watcher I was very impressed by the effects in particular from the demonic thing that looks very impressive and is a man in a suit-like effect rather than a terrible CGI computer graphic, even if it's an impressive suit. It all depends on your expectations, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is good, it looks pretty nice and the lack of computerized CGI effects is something I welcome. The acting is not great, surely it would have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a film that has disappointed me, there have been some positive things but at the same time some terrible things that unfortunately outweigh the good. I liked parts of it, but overall a 90-minute viewing experience would find it absolutely impossible to recommend to anyone.
