This is the "House of Exorcism" page, but most people have confused this film with Mario Bava's masterpiece, "Lisa & the Devil", which explains the incredibly high grade for this, "House of Exorcism". When "Lisa & the Devil" was shown at film festivals in the early 1970s, it was a critical success. The public responded well to this wonderful gothic horror film. Unfortunately it was a little ahead of its time, and was considered too unusual, and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor would buy it. So the producer Alfredo Leone decided to mount "Lisa", apparently with a chainsaw, removing about half the original film and adding new scenes, which he filmed two years later the original product! It is important to note that Bava has little to do with these new, horrible additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava film. The original product is a slow, dreamy and classy production. A few minutes from the film, the viewer is shaken by this dream world, as suddenly we see Lisa, (two years older and with a very different haircut), start squirming on the ground, producing guttural sounds and croaking epitaphs like " sucks my co @ k ", etc. Thin, eh? And the film continues like this, jumping back and forth between a beautiful visual film and an "exorcist" Z-level rip-off. Leone was trying to incorporate these impact scenes, keeping a semblance of history intact. He failed miserably. When the choice was made to fundamentally destroy "Lisa and the devil", Bava himself refused, saying that his film was too good to cut. He was right, and it must have been rather sad for this artist to see all his works destroyed and dumped in the toilet. Many years passed before the original "Lisa and the Devil" was seen again, re-emerging on late-night television. I had seen "lisa" a long time before seeing this new version, and it was decidedly disturbing to see one of my favorite "vandalized" films in this way. It is worth seeing only out of curiosity. Otherwise avoid this insidious disaster like the plague.
