But I doubt that many were running to see this movie. Or "Someone came out of the cinema". Ok, it's a little tough. <br /> <br /> The film begins unintentionally comic: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (this already smells of clichés) and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: he talks about it, everyone wants talk to him, and every woman he meets flirts with him as if there were no tomorrow - even his little niece suggests that he would have gladly given up the appointment to chat with Frankie-boy some more! Even his beautiful little niece wants a piece of him! It looks like one of those ridiculous "Mike Hammer" episodes in which EVERY single woman wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is anything but a dream of a good-looking woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not reach within 100 meters of someone as beautiful as MacLaine. But the opposite is true in this Hollywood movie: MacLaine is absolutely crazy about Frankie-boy, but HE couldn't care less! Sinatra plays his "cool" shtick too often in his films, and is rarely believable. Dean Martin is a kind of mixture; it's not a mixture like a card player, but rather the accent that just doesn't suit him. MacLaine is fascinating as always, but interprets a caricature - and this dependence on caricatures is one of the fundamental problems of the film. The main characters are all a kind of stereotypes of bad films or never seen before and of economic novels; Frankie is the "cute cat" who returns to the city to take all the women, and he can't care less about his writings (which, predictably, are eventually recognized); Martin is a squalid but friendly card player; MacLaine is the stupid child, but very nice; Frankie's loving blond love is a brat literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful boy who got married in his wife's business and has a lousy marriage; and so on. Cliche. <br /> <br /> The story contains a couple of coincidences that are a bit too far-fetched for my taste: Frankie runs into her niece in a club; her niece is a few meters from her father when the latter kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there's the horrible, stupid ending. <br /> <br /> In it, a drunken boy determined to kill Frankie-boy somehow manages to find him in a carnival in all places! The place is completely crowded, with the typical noise and chaos - the more it is happening in the evening - yet the boy somehow finds Frankie (despite being drunk as a door handle) and shoots him. But guess who kills? MacLaine. Jump in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliché that comic book writers could complain about. This absolutely pathetic, excessively dramatic and annoying ending certainly cannot please anyone, even if semi-intelligent, a spectator. And this happens on the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read poop dime novels throughout his life - how else can you explain the writing of this film? There is also a card game in which a fight breaks out with Frankie & Martin against some cliché caricatures of the "vivid" imagination of the writer. (He was like a damn western all of a sudden.) Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra was crazy about the boring little nose with a snotty nose and practically ignored MacLaine. As the movie progresses, we discover that Sinatra believes that MacLaine is too stupid for him, just as the blond child finds Sinatra too low for her. There is a certain snobbishness and disdain to be discovered in MacLaine's script. MacLaine is considered worthless by everyone, while the blond child is treated like a princess and an intellectual; the ironic truth is that the character of the latter is rather mute and not at all intellectual; his behavior, his comments and his opinions are mostly cliché, stupid, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least the character of MacLaine knows that she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony that I have not failed to note: Sinatra had trouble finding an ending for his last story - very similar to the writer of this film, and that's why he came out with the squalid and lousy ending. <br /> <br /> The film is basically a solid cast, and photography is pretty, but the script, although sometimes fine, is based on silly nonsense rather than reality-based characters and events. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" by Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail.
