The strange Vera-Ellen had to dance in the cinema what Sonja Henie was to film ice skating: blonde, girlish, always pleasant to watch, but not a particularly good actress and was usually full of weak material. When I look at Vera-Ellen's sexy apache dance with Gene Kelly in "Words and Music", I can't help but notice that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made with the flag of South Vietnam. some reason, the American Vera-Ellen has starred in * two * musicals (made several years ago) set in Edinburgh, a city not known for its tip-tap dancers: 'Let's Be Happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely' . /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays an American entrepreneur who for some reason is organizing a musical in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which makes no sense: the Festival is not a showcase for leg shows. We also see a couple of shots of the Royal Mile: apart from some Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest gag occurs at the beginning, when we learn that the title of Romero's show is "Frolics to You": this is a cheeky word game that the British will get and Yanks will not. <br /> <br /> Vera- Ellen is, as usual, pretty and attractive and an impressive dancer, but the few musical numbers in this film are boring and bad. The plot - the mistaken identity between magnate David Niven and journalist Gordon Jackson - is brainless, though no more than the plots of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (for once) he is not obliged to convince us that he is interested in dressing heroin. <br /> <br /> The only major crime in this film is its misuse of Bobby Howes. Sally Ann Howes's father was one of the major stars of the West End musical; his melancholy performance of "She's My Lovely" was a great success in Britain in 1937. Here, he appears in different scenes like Romero's dog, but he never has the chance to participate in a musical number or even in a real comedy. It is absolutely criminal that this film - with a title that contains the word "Lovely", sure to evoke Howes' greatest success - can launch a great British musical star but not give it anything to do! <br /> <br /> The delightful actress character Ambrosine Phillpotts (whom I worked with once) shines in a sequence of restaurants, and there's a taste of the doomed beauty Kay Kendall. As Vera-Ellen's confidant, someone named Diane Hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it seems like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns alike, but it doesn't even match that. Val Guest has a credit for the story, but this film is not up to its brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, although I realize that post-war Britain could not afford Hollywood trial work. 'Happy Go Lovely' is at best a pleasant waste of time, with 'waster' being the keyword. I will evaluate this film only 4 out of 10.
