You must understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, he created a generation of aspiring hackers. The idea that a teenager could do something of far-reaching proportions, let alone discourage a world war, was new and exciting. The real computers were starting to appear in people's homes and, for the first time, the company was becoming interconnected in a way that made the premise of the excitingly prescient movie. Of course, a talking computer that balanced his free time between chess and global thermonuclear war was a bit far-fetched, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it. I also probably heard about the hackers on which this film was based. <br /> <br /> 25 years ahead, and we have a horrible mutant of something I hate to call a "sequel", called Wargames: The Dead Code. I'll just dig in it. First of all, the plot depends on a game site run by the government where the people who win the games automatically become suspected terrorists. You are probably very confused at the moment. The idea is that eventually the terrorist will click on the sub-game within the website called "The Dead Code" where they fly a plane over a city, spraying it with biological weapons. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "gas sarin" and "anthrax", and if you choose "sarin", then you are automatically confirmed as a bioterrorist weapons expert and your family is taken into custody and interrogated. In the film, this really happens. However, since the payment for the game was made from a suspect bank account, of course everything makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the avatar of the AI ​​in this straight-to-DVD bomb is an annoying flash animation that keeps repeating the pop-up-to-esquire sound bite "play with me baby ". Because apparently in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual activities like chess, and enters porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, as opposed to pure curiosity as in the original film. For some reason, recent hacker films feel the need to portray all young adults as a type of average surfer of people who are like everyone else. It might work for your media sitcom, but come on, you don't learn how to win over government computers by doing hair, doing sport and shopping at the mall, people. The only thing I noticed is that at some point in the dialogue there is a reference to a Matt Damon movie, and then there's the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear, they called the main character Will just for that sentence so he could send a five for Mr. Damon. This Will kid is not bad, but he wasn't sure like an obsessive hacker I ever met. I can't say how annoyed I am that this movie has the same name as the original, because it has absolutely nothing in common with it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) make their appearance in this film, like a limping old man who is apparently dying of boredom, and an old crumbling tic-tac-toe with a sharper voice. After a bit of bravado, Joshua (artificial intelligence) has what appears to be sex with the new artificial intelligence with the porn voice, a bunch of flash board games on the big screens, and the whole "L ' the only way to win is not to play "the revelation should be the culminating moment. Except those of us who have seen the original, you know, those who would like to see this in the first place have already been there and done it. A recycled finish for a film based on last month's compost. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a guy who made 90210 and written by guys who make movies B. The original was directed by a guy who kept himself busy with "Heroes", then see the quality difference there. There was talk of a real remake, but I hope they don't destroy this classic yet. I swear, if I have to, I'll visit every gambling site until I find the one run by a psychotic state computer. The thing that saved me is that I managed to broadcast it on Netflix, so at least the only energy I spent looking at this disaster was to breathe, click and indigestion.
