Someone, one day, should do an architecture firm as a figure in horror movies; of all those explorations of strangely arranged villas, searches for secret passages and crypts, tracking of monsters through air ducts and so on. I can only remember a few films in which architecture played an important role in everything - "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it is at the center of every story of a spooky house or church or crypt ; concerns the character and influence of spaces, passages and walls. So I couldn't wait to see this thriller in which he promised to be central. The idea is this: an architect has built - in reality, rebuilt - for himself an enormous and incoherent house; his wife just left him, mainly because of his own egocentrism, but also, he is warned, because he cannot get used to the place since he remodeled it. Living in unusual solitude (this time real rather than virtual), he comes to suspect that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one evening asking to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - is living at home with him; only the place is big enough to never see it. <br /> <br /> This is a good start for a melodrama, whose development one would expect to follow some of these lines: After searching the house for the intruder a few times without success, the architect resorts to his projects to undertake more systematic research, trying in various ways to surprise, intercept or ambush the intruder, perhaps through some special features that it has incorporated into the structure. Meanwhile the intruder has discovered hiding places and secondary roads between places that the architect has not foreseen or does not remember. The film would turn into a cat and mouse game, a hunt, a battle; and finally, in an attempt to trap the intruder, the architect himself would end up trapped in his own creation, in a way he did not expect. Then he would have been forced to think for himself - and at the same time perhaps out of his own self-imposed isolation - and in a final lap he would have nailed, and perhaps even killed, the *****. br /> <br /> Nothing similar happens in this film; the house is just a house, the architect is just a boy, and his nemesis is of an unknown character, if it really exists. Here's what happens in the film: once the intruder is installed at home - if it is - the architect starts to hear noises, but when he goes to investigate he finds nothing. Call the police, they think he's a little crazy; he persuades his strange wife to spend the night, she thinks he's crazier. Eventually, more or less accidentally, he runs into the intruder (he doesn't have a good look, but figures, who else could he be?) Not a difficult question, in a story with, at that point, less than three main characters), after which he locks the doors, lowers the grilles on the windows, throws away the key (I don't know why he thought it was necessary), and lets his victim die of hunger. I lost because this was a fact: are the doors and the walls made of steel? In any case, the architect leads to sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film was not developed and cannot be further developed, something else must be devised to take its place. And that's all: the architect - are you ready? - he moved into the house of the man who (presumably) moved into his, and lives there in the same way. How is it possible? It is not, but the film takes this path to try to make it look: the architect has drawn a picture of the man who came to his door; and when he leaves home, he takes the photo with him; and while sitting in his car, he throws the image on the road; and two children pick it up and observe that it looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his home is and the children point the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to border on the unbelievable, what ensues dives. The architect settles with Martin's wife in a wheelchair unbeknownst to her; so stealthy in her moves and so smart in her reading of her guest that she always manages to leave a room just as she enters or disappears from sight just as she turns around. In this section the film is intelligent in a certain sense, making (or leaving the viewer to do) the point that his life with this stranger, who does not know that he is there, is essentially the same life that he lived with his wife, like a virtual recluse with her like a comfortable buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into Raffles the burglar unbelievable. Not to enter the series of twists at the end - including another murder obtained by blocking someone behind another invincible door - this in front of a landing so fragile that it collapses under the weight of a wheelchair; two good people who take the murder in a wrong way; and (before the story began) the construction of a tunnel undetected under different houses ... For the last, long-awaited twist, the film adds another one, to make it even more offensive, and then ... it ends . /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​the stranger in the house, and the character of the man he is home to - and fiddles with both. The first fumble makes it boring; the second made me angry, pushing his main character farther and farther along an increasingly zigzagged path, and I never offered any explanation for the character who needed it most: the tunnel builder and the tender host. The story should be redone by someone one day.
