"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multipurpose film that discussed the problems that adolescents faced in Britain and how these troubled, constantly hitting every note, the problems of adolescents can relate to the youth of tomorrow . It may have been nicknamed the "Moulin Rouge" of the 1980s, but it has disappeared. He made his very superficial mark on the world, hidden under the radar, and can now be found collecting dust either in the music section, in the comedy section, or in the politically dark section of that video rental that doesn't need chain money to survive . Alas, wasn't it where I found it ?? but I found it, I looked at it, I tried to sing a long time, I looked into Bowie's eyes, but I found myself faded at the end. Didn't survive the test of time? Is 1950s London too far from our current society? Is Bowie too scary? I think "Absolute Beginners" falls into each of these questions as the perfect example of cinema that starts with a bang, but in the end ends with a simple glow. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" opens with a huge number that takes us through the gritty streets of London that involve night thefts, prostitutes on every corner, dances everywhere, liquors like rivers and more refined ties on almost every individual. Seems like a place we all hate to be ?? right? Director Julien Temple maintains the light and flashy atmosphere during most of the songs as we try to learn something about a plethora of our main characters. What we follow most is Colin played by Eddie O'Connell who follows his dreams of being a photographer while photographing his favorite girlfriend, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like a Lohan pre-rehab, they worked for me. There was a big spark between them, chemistry was like lava, and I thought these two would take me on a road that I had never traveled. I was ready ?? but then something happened. Temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of the city with which we grew up at the beginning, and completely overturns the roles without any dedication to the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes a pervert and Bowie ?? well ?? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but he sings incredibly well as he climbs a mountain ?? I can tell you this. Temple offers us this flashy city, this opportunity to see who lives there, but leaves us hanging high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learn about Colin, mainly, but no one else. I could probably watch this movie again and be equally confused by those who are angry at who and how important fashion was at that time. Besides, were they really teenagers ?? it looked like they were pushing towards the end of the 1920s, but maybe it was my TV. <br /> <br /> Development of the character thrown out the door, Temple tries to overcompensate himself by giving us bigger and more sumptuous songs using even more characters of which we know nothing. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this thought as a prime example. Temple uses a divided house to show us the life of Colin's parents (of which I didn't know they were theirs after the film) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged into another missing coherence scene, and falls to pieces in your hands. Then, if that's not enough, we are shaking our heads to the rhythm of some great songs, rubbing our minds trying to figure out where our characters are or are going, and Temple throws the final act into hatred, anger and politics. While I was hoping that this movie had a dedicated theme, I didn't think that racism would be at the top of the list. Suddenly friends are missing, people are angry and there is a random boy running to fight Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? Someone help me here. He seemed completely hurried and overwhelming ?? almost to the point of wanting to turn off the movie. For me, the "Absolute Beginners" finale was not at all close to the excitement from the opening number. That first part set the pace, and Temple couldn't keep up. <br /> <br /> In general, I must say that Temple can direct a music video, but I don't think it was quite prepared for the film. I don't think this film will ever become a complete "cult" status and will probably remain unused or in the dollar basket for years to come. It's a fun movie to watch initially, but when we get to that final part, it explodes from within. I wanted a cutting-edge job, but instead what I found was a bizarre Bowie paired with characters that I didn't care about much. I could see how this film could be about the youth of the 80s, but in the end he felt obliged. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listening to "Motivazioni" of the always bizarre Bowie in this film, could have helped to consolidate this feature into a better cult state. I'm glad I watched this movie once, but that's all my little brain can take. I loved the way Temple captured me from the beginning, but he couldn't control his characters (too many) and the songs didn't seem to match the last moments of the movie. He came out of nowhere, and was inhospitable. If this was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was an accepted adventure, but I do not believe that in the future I will spread this film. <br /> <br /> Vote: ** out of *****
