This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fate of two of the protagonists and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before telling us that the relationship with real people and events is purely coincidental. This line of demarcation actually sums up everything that preceded it; given that Rino Di Silvestro's messy film lacks vision completely, and if there is any reason for the plot; it was not put there on purpose. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a "so bad is good" movie, but I don't agree at all. Normally, I like movies like this; but Werewolf Woman is really a bad movie, and despite all the sex and the ferocity in the show; it's not even a funny watch, and that's really unforgivable. The film doesn't really have a lot of plot, but the thin fragment we are given involves a young woman, who also happens to be a werewolf. He dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and eventually killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes in search of revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film is made of scenes of sex and blood, which are filled with sequences of extremely boring words in which various characters mull over recent events. These scenes are probably there to forward the plot and build characters; but in reality they do not, and only succeed in transforming what could be a passable exploitation into an extremely overwhelming film. It would seem that the director was more interested in the style and atmosphere of the plot, and this is demonstrated by the fact that the film looks beautiful and pleasant. Sex scenes are often too long and not very erotic, but gore works well. The premise is ripe for giving way to a very sexy slice of exploitation, since there are a lot of naked women, and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be a lot of erotic; but this has never been capitalized, and while I can bear huge doses of bad acting and poorly made plot lines, I really can't stand watching movies and getting bored. Overall, I would not recommend this film to big fans of exploitation. There are many things better than those out there, and while the title may seem intriguing - the film is not.
