"The Lupa Mannara" alias. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976 is a film with a very promising title, but, unfortunately, the film itself is rather far from being a must for my Italian Horror companions. You won't hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri's film is completely bad - it has its elegant moments, and the first half is really fun to watch (even if the fun isn't intentional). The film also benefits from an exceptionally exhibitionist actress, Annik Borel. However, the film, which has no real plot (at least not linear), often makes no sense and drags incredibly throughout the second half, largely superfluous. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) has a strange dream of dancing naked in the night before turning into a woman werewolf. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (the cult mermaid Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit with her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to her husband and then turns into a woman werewolf herself ... or something like that. The plot doesn't really have the slightest meaning, which makes the movie a lot of fun to watch all the first time. The main character Daniella is a schizophrenic mixture of icy hysterical and lustful nympho, who occasionally turns into a woman werewolf. The director Di Silvestri has chosen to remedy the holes in the plot with a lot of female nudity, which works well for me. There are also quite well made gore moments. The film is never even a bit suspenseful or disturbing, but it's very funny at the beginning. Furthermore, there are no attempts to hide the fact that it is a slice of mud, the camera often makes close-ups on Miss Borel's private parts for the simple devil of it. I'm not complaining. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri chose to lengthen the film by completely changing the direction in which it was going. While Daniella is, at first, a typical werewolf, who cannot help but follow the impulse of her curse, it suddenly changes when she meets a boy (Howard Ross, who was in "The Boss" by Fernando Di Leo of 1973). Suddenly, he returns to normal again, and the next part of the film does not at all agree with the first half. It gets pretty boring after a while; all in all, it would probably have been better for this 99-minute movie than just 70 minutes. In the end, they even want us to believe that the absurd story (if you can call it that) is based on real events. "Werewolf Woman" has some salvific qualities; my Italian-horror friends can try it. However, if you want to see the Italian Horror / exploitation cinema of the 70s, there are hundreds of movies you should see before seeing this.
