I imagine the writers never read a book of any kind, much less a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they based their script on another poorly written script, perhaps an adaptation of Copperfield, too if in all probability otherwise, from which they randomly discarded about a third of the pages and then mixed the rest, together with some random pages of a script that the nephew of third grade had written for an English lesson, and for which he had received a negative vote. <br /> <br /> If the casting was a bad joke - for example, Richards as Kramer who plays Micawber - that was it, then the direction and acting were the discarded lines of lines. Going beyond Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was such a complete ogre, hunchback and all the rest, that at half-time I expected to see him pursued by an angry pitchfork and a torch that held a crowd of villagers. Uriah was almost a clown figure like Micawber. Mr. Murdstone evoked the terror of that Muppet vampire from Sesame Street. The actor who played David the oldest was, I think, actually a woman. In any case, looking perpetually as if he wished he could find a mirror to see how beautiful it was, and he thought it was really cute, he couldn't convince us that he was writing with a quill pen. And while we are on that topic, in one of the many gross inaccuracies perpetrated by the producers of humble means of this embarrassment, in the unnecessary shots of David writing his story seems to be between 18 and 21, when he should be in his forties . Perhaps the biggest transgression, although difficult to choose, was the showdown invented between David and Murdstone while courting a third wife in Switzerland, preceded of course by the invented death of Murdstone's second wife. While there have been it is a wonder that they did not send Heep to the guillotine, and handed him the famous last words of Sidney Carton. He couldn't really make it worse. It could have been much better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of small and large sins against literature during this abortion, and anyone who looks at it runs the risk of serious and permanent damage to all aspects of their sensitivity
