London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustratingly crazy film about crazy people. It is the type of film whose central conflict can be solved instantly if the characters in question simply sit down and have a chat. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop artist obsessed with acting in front of a cheering crowd at Wembley Stadium in London. He becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and bandmate Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is evidently more talented than him, but by no means focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the popularity of the latter threatens to eclipse his. Now here is where a heart-to-heart might have helped. If Arjun had explained what Wembley's fixation meant to him, Manu would have kindly stepped aside and let Arjun realize his childhood dream, and we would have been spared the anguish of looking at the rest of this little stuff Interesting. But the director Vipul Shah and his writers are in no mood to do us any favors. The London Dreams are full of involuntary and hilarious gems like the retrospective that involves Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide in shame for having been afraid of the stage during a Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous incident in a show in which Manu must assume the vocal responsibilities after an explosion of confetti practically suffocates Arjun in silence. The idiocy, however, does not end there. In his attempts to make Manu shame publicly, Arjun uses his connections to get Manu hooked on drugs. A shapely curvy man invites Manu to take a couple of shots of tequila with her, but replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu has gained enough appetite for the addictive white powder, practically trampling it like a dinner. If that's not silly enough, there's a cruder scene in which Manu chases the girl to find out from whom she has taken orders. The chase ends in a dark alley in London where the girl kneels, pretending to do the unnamable so as to deceive Manu's girlfriend who secretly follows her. Wait, there's more! Expect to scream hysterically when Arjun breaks his belt and whips ruthlessly to banish all thoughts of romance or lust towards the band's main dancer Priya (played by Asin) because nothing and nobody has to distract him from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Milos Forman's Amadeus, to deserve a comparison with Rock On! Last year, the last of Vipul Shah is a clumsy melodrama that is vaguely directed as it is scripted. The film is about a broad humor, exaggerated emotions, and basically chooses volume for subtlety. This works for the character of Manu, with Salman Khan playing it in a playful and lovable way, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan proves too passive with a performance that is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches boiling point, it results in an uncomfortable pre-climax scene in which it holds a crowded concert hall and is understandably skinned with plastic bottles as punishment. Of the remaining cast, there is no kind word that I can say for Asin, who practically lit up Ghajini with his exuberant charm, but disappoints here with useless over-acting in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to simple members of the band, perform at regular intervals, usually to pronounce inhuman dialogues such as, "We will climb it!" Due to its lackluster writing and its approximate direction, London Dreams is ultimately a boring watch. If you have to, watch it for Salman Khan who turned the buffoonery into a bona fide acting style. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad movie.
