When this film was screened for the first time on television, I had high hopes that we would finally have a decent film about World War I experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately this is not the case. <br /> <br /> It should have been a good film about the First World War. Although it was made for television, it is obvious that a real effort has been made to use adequate equipment and props. But writing and directing are lacking, although the creators of this film have obviously borrowed freely from quite a few well-made war movies. The clichés of the war movie abound like the arrogant general who apparently doesn't care about the life of his men. When Hollywood realizes that, although there have been many bad generals, most combat unit generals have seen many fights alone and are not naive about what the average grunt feels? The first part of this film seems to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Except that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally compelling. Later there was the charge of Chamberlain (except the climb) from "Gettysburg" and even the capture of the American soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line" the soldier was alone when captured. In this film a ring is formed around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If this film used a military adviser, they ignored it. Although the actors (and I could never forget that they were actors while they watched) silenced military tactics, I didn't see much of it. The American soldiers would get up to shoot while the Germans attacked. And the seemingly blind, notorious Storm Troopers seemed to use no tactics in their attack. In the real war, tactics were what made the assault troops so effective. But the most stupid scene was the attack of the German Flamethrowers. In this scene the German flamethrowers have walked on a broad line towards defending Americans. If it were real, they would never have come close enough to use the flamethrowers before they were dropped by the defender's bullets. <br /> <br /> Ok, so most war movies are not realistic when it comes to the tactics shown. But it's still disappointing. But what really struck me in this film was the typical anti-military anti-war angle that film producers seem to consider important. True, war is hell. But most American soldiers, even if they mumble and complain, tend to believe in what they are doing and can be quite enthusiastic. My grandfather served in the First World War. And although he died four years before I was born, I was told how proud he was of his service.
