Movies starring children actors stand on the back foot from the start. While there are some exceptions, most children cannot act and even those that can normally become annoying after a few minutes. The children of Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as both are very annoying and do not have an ounce of acting skills between them. In short; I'm junk. This is not good considering they are the protagonists, and in particular it is not good considering the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the garbage actors. It is a pity that this film is such a serious loss as the plot is not (not completely). It follows a girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantastic world she created. It soon becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, and so she begins to make various changes, until her dream becomes a nightmare. Oh dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot is a good basis for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is wasted through a series of fatal errors. First of all, despite the premise being an excellent premise for so much inventiveness; the film is extremely stale. The central plot is almost never reproduced, and the result is a completely boring experience. The lack of tension is another huge gap in the film, as it considers it appropriate to drag each sequence to a point that you no longer care about (which is due to the lack of ideas). Thanks in part to his main characters, the film looks like a children's movie. It is to be expected, given that he plays the children, but Bernard Rose would have to decide which inclination he wanted to put on stage; as the horror in the film is ridiculous at best. The film is also very vulgar, and the "romanticism" between the two protagonists is extremely deserving and makes the vision very painful. In fact, if I had to summarize this parody in one word, I would choose "painful". Paperhouse is misunderstood, ridiculously plotted, very banal and boring overall. Save yourself the pain, see something else.
