The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what today we would call the signs of an academic document: rather than appoint experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition, what he wants us to believe (one will recognize that the American newsreels of that period were also much less regulated than would seem ethical for a modern public, often inserting dramatized scenes and transmitting them as films of real news). Add to this direct propaganda the fact that director Hippler was "preaching to converts", not so much asking Gentile Europeans to hate Jews how to validate the feelings that many of them must have already held, for allowing the holocaust that followed. The weakest link in the film's logic shows in its analogy "rat", in which it goes on to explain the behavior of rats, and therefore adds something to the effect of "Well, even the Jews are like that." In the same way it characterizes the Jewish people as ugly showing ugly Jews compared to attractive gentiles; the subsequent act of faith is that the ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict a few times, for example by attacking Western painters who portrayed Old Testament characters as light-skinned Europeans; so the text admits that the so-called "Jewish" ethnicity is actually a rooted aspect of Christian culture. It also shows the Jews of the ghetto who gladly live in cockroach-infested dirt, despite the alleged treasure they have accumulated, and then the flip-flops saying that these same undesirables live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave the ghetto. Incidentally, who wouldn't? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows an equally blurred distribution of logic. First, the film was denounced as done by the Jews; so it is apparently used by Hippler to verify the deception of the Jews (the mentioned lie of poverty by ghetto Jews, shown as a means of avoiding taxation, although the "spin" of the Rothschild character is that the Jews are excessively taxed); finally, the Rothschilds' film is once again run to suggest that the famous banking family invented the current account. This apparent indecision as to whether the American film is shown positively or negatively could become clearer with repeated visions, but at first sight it is a bit obscure. For all the imperfections of the Eternal Eternal, I was initially surprised that IMDb's public assessment of this film is so high, just a shy "5" to date. I would say that the reason is that the documentary value of EJ has exceeded its original purpose, offering us, unintentionally, a glimpse into the life of European Jews, since they would not have been seen in a few years. Needless to say, the bad quality of the film also provides a historical view of the bad, or simply bad, filmmaking as a propaganda tool. At this point, I should expect director Hippler to roll over once more, leaping forward to say "This is what I've always wanted to do!" The scenes that describe the massacre of the animals are particularly gruesome and show the same decidedly inhuman, contrary to the intent of the kosher law to prevent the suffering of animals. I would like for someone who has seen the film and has some knowledge of these procedures, to comment on whether the representation is accurate.
