La Chute de la Maison Usher, or Usher's The Fall of the House as it is known among the English public, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) in the direction of the Castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent him a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is sick. Once there, Allan finds Madeleine very sick and her husband Roderick is determined and almost obsessed with painting his portrait. While Roderick paints Madeleine weakens and weakens almost as if the image was running out of his life, Allan tries to help his friend but the tragedy soon strikes ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written machine, produced and directed by Jean Epstein and was the second of two adaptations of The Fall of the House of Usher during 1928, I honestly do not know that the original novel was published in 1839, I mean that you wait 89 years for a movie adaptation and two come at the same time! Anyway, I feel I have a little trouble here because I read a lot of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher and maybe I'm not the right guy to write a comment but I have to say that it just didn't do anything for me. I didn't like it, obviously the first thing to say is that this is a silent film and therefore it is based on images but even so I thought the story was weak, I thought overall that the film was boring and boring even if it only lasts for about an hour and really did nothing for me. La Chute de la Maison Usher was created almost 80 years ago and this is literally a life, the world, cinema and tastes have been a lot since then and I have not found any pleasure in this film. I think this film is badly dated and probably not the best at the beginning. I never experienced any of the character's features, it never mattered to me what was happening and I found it all rather boring to sit in, I'm sorry if I offended fans of silent movies out there, but that's how I felt. <br /> <br /> The director Epstein does a good job, a lot of people turn to images of La Chute de la Maison Usher and I will freely admit that he definitely has his moments but I thought they were few and far between them . Shots of people moving in the mouth and not hearing what they say seemed strange to me, I didn't like the music and the version I saw contained the original French cards that were told by the boy with the most horrible French accent with a terrible sound that it was also daunting. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt this has much resemblance to it, apart from one or two basic elements, stick to Usher's fantastic Roger Corman House with Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technically the film was OK considering when it was done. We simply cannot talk about acting as if no one ever spoke, even if the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try to suggest emotions or reflect what is happening that works to a certain extent, but after a while it seems a bit fool. <br /> <br /> La Chute de la Maison Usher is aimed at those who crave a bygone era, who live in caves or who are stuck in the past, for me I like my films to have a story, not to boring me and having a sound And I'm sorry if that last statement makes me look like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has passed since 1928 and for the better.
