Jean Seberg didn't have a shred of talent in acting. Like all his films, "Bonjour tristesse" does not suffer at all from his appearance (although it is perhaps the first of those modern women that Tom Wolfe joyfully accurately describes as "boys with breasts": advertisers obviously use the word "gamine"), but suffers severely from the boring, monotonous, murdered voice of Seberg. In all his films when he had to play the rage, Seberg played with audible, absent-minded panting between his monotonously buzzing verbalizations. Oy. <br /> <br /> Preminger's adaptation of Françoise Sagan's youthful and breathtaking soap opera plot is noteworthy only for its lush photography - but then it is difficult to come across the photogenic French Riviera, and perhaps for his talent, but certainly not revolutionary, the use of black and white for today's scenes from which the monotonous narrative of Seberg gives us the colorful past. <br /> <br /> Juliette Gréco has a brief moment as a nightclub singer in the black and white spotlight, which carried the existentialist lyric of the title song in a smoky Dietrichesca voice. This moment is nowadays, a little later, more than a small drôle. Except, of course, if you are French - especially if you are a French "68-er" who craves the glorious days of the barricades around the Sorbonne - and your children rebel to preserve the sinecures that have lasted a lifetime and that have dimmed and devalued the French economy: then you continue to believe in Sartre and Foucault and in all those arcane and irrelevant theorists. David Niven has the most difficult role, having to play with enough enthusiasm an old hedonist who has yet to understand that life is not All about Sagan's teenage notions of hip, cool, swingin ', "mon copain!" Pope. Deborah Kerr offers her usual, consummate professional presence, convincingly interpreting the woman who undeservedly suffers Seberg's spiteful teenage jealousy nose (fulfilling Sagan's childish fantasy on the classic theme of "there can only be one queen bee in the hive"); in fact, Kerr belongs to the only big and memorable moment on the screen of this film. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is unnatural - I agree with a previous critic who said that he appears to be "ill-translated" from the French; combining the unnatural script with Seberg's incomparably boring, unbearable monotone and saving that Valium for another night. On top of this, vocal dubbing inappropriately synchronized is almost obvious and therefore more than irrelevant: this is especially true for the dubbing of Mylène Demongeot because it ruins her stupid blonde performance otherwise very pleasant. <br /> Hunky Geoffrey Horne gets here the shorter part of the stick - a very handsome-looking young man who also suffered from an unpleasant and unpleasant voice which, combined with Seberg's drone, produces little scenes convincing puppy love. (Horne was, so to speak, simply adequate in "Bridge On the River Kwai", perhaps because his end was supported by those great film professionals William Holden and Jack Hawkins instead of not being supported by the unfortunate unfortunate Seberg). > <br /> In summary, "Bonjour tristesse" is beautiful to look at, but it is a shallow and immature soap: a thin jelly with foam.
