It's obvious that the people who made "Dead At The Box Office" love the horror B-movie. All the references to the genre are scattered everywhere, from the characters of the series (the authoritarian figure who does not believe that the monstrous invasion is really happening) to the Kevin Smith-style discussions to resume the last moments of Duane Jones from "The night of the living dead "once but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately it takes more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The choice of staging and shooting is not exciting and has no imagination. While a common warning in the film school is to avoid the "Mastershot Theater", by telling the story completely in a vast main scene, here we find the obverse as in different sequences it is difficult to understand the spatial relations between the characters as the story is told in a series of medium shots without any attempt to tie together. The change is gray and basic and sometimes there are unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making it difficult to identify the scenes in the darkened theater (was the lighting present, or was it only shot with the available light?). Some shots are blurred. The dialogue is trivial, and the performances, for the most part, a note (Isaiah Robinson shows a certain energy and presence on the screen like Curtis, and the colleague who plays the projectionist has pleasantly dickish line readings: Michael Allen Williams as director of the theater and Casey Kirkpatrick as a fan of films Geek Eric has some good moments). The premise is stupid, even for a horror film B (Also, it's a shame that Dr. Eisner wasn't aware of Project Paperclip - he could have saved himself a lot of trouble!). The "zombies" are not threatening, and their makeup is not convincing (although the big zombie who tries to extract a gumball from the machine makes you smile). For a zombie fan movie, there is very little blood or violence, even if what's there is managed quite well. Random music, even if stylistically irregular, is quite nice sometimes, and there are some melodic effects. The parody of "Time Warp" was a fun listening, even if the images that accompanied it were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the looped dialogue looks flat. This shot was not synchronized (doubtful, it looks like video to the end)? I saw the special introduction by Lloyd Kaufman of Troma Films before the main film, even though it consisted essentially of Kaufman linking his stuff and admitting that he had not seen the film while someone attacked a Toxie mask, his production and entertainment values they were taller than "Dead ..." itself (quick for those who put the DVD together - the countdown on the cinema leader beeps only on flash-frame 2, not on every number plus one after). Moreover, vampire theater viewer films are seen playing early in "Dead ..." seemed much more fun than this. Recommendation to be avoided, unless you know someone involved in the production or an ardent completist of Lloyd Kaufman (plays "Kaufman the Minion" in the film inside the film). <br /> <br /> (Full disclosure: my girlfriend is an extra in this film. I swear she didn't color my review).
