A response to previous comments made by residents of the region where this film was rethought: one person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View amusement park led to a recession in the surrounding neighborhoods. This is simply not true. Before the construction of Interstate 64, which crosses the Ocean View area, the main road for traffic crossed the heart of Ocean View. Once the interstate was completed, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town with businesses closing and an increase in crime. This resulted in a huge reduction in revenue for the park, which also faced new competition from neighboring Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, in recent years, the city of Norfolk has done a remarkable job of promoting the redevelopment so that the area has become a sought-after location for the construction of high-end housing. <br /> <br /> He was also told that the roller coaster destruction video was used in the movie "Rollercoaster". This is also false. The footage was shot with two coaster machines that broke off for the film, but the explosions and collapse are exclusive to "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> As for the film itself, the plot of a film The "supernatural" force in the water adjacent to the park was certainly silly, but rather typical for the B series films of the time. With the cast involved, it should not be surprising that the scenario was gnawed at almost all the scenes by the main actors. I don't think this film was meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I think Playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude format to determine if it was an area where the company would expand (apparently not!). A strange force in the water that caused strange events in an old amusement park probably sounded good at the conference table, but turned out to be unmanageable in execution. The roller coasters and the rest of the park were still destined for the demolition ball; "We find a strange way to justify an explosive death!" For casual viewers, this would be a "see once and forget" movie (except for Diana Canova fans); but for the thousands of people who live in the region and have fond memories of the park, this film is like a "walk along the avenue of memory" for the shooting of the park, as well as old footage of downtown Norfolk, the first "Harbourfest" , and Old Dominion University. Even a limited version of this DVD movie would be welcome.
