It is often said that Tobe Hooper has just had luck with his horrendous 1974 horror film "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and every time I see another Hooper movie - this vision is only strengthened. It would seem that Hooper wanted to make his version of films like Scanners and Firestarter in 1990 and so we ended up with Spontaneous Combustion; a film with a couple of good ideas and a whole extra load that are borrowed from other films. Put it all together and get a boring and boring movie that most people would do well to miss! The film leads the public to believe that initially it could be a bit decent with an intriguing retrospective that focuses on some experiments conducted on two young people in the fifties. The couple has a child and soon burns to death as a result of the experiments done on them. Fast forward a few years and the child is now an adult named Sam; but of course he is not a normal person and soon discovers when he discovers that he has the ability to set fire to things. <br /> <br /> The film stars Brad Dourif, which must have seemed like a good casting choice for his success with Child's Play two years earlier; but in reality it was a decision without inspiration since the central performance is really terrible; and not helped by the terrible support performances. Even the turgid direction and dull script don't do the movie much favors and the tendency to lack favors is continued by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing in the movies that this is tearing; all this was done some years ago. The plot is very slow and it's almost an hour before something important happens, and I didn't even care then. It soon becomes obvious in which direction the film will go and it all boils down to the kind of boring ending you'd expect. The final showdown is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film. Not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway. Overall, this is a junk movie and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a great horror director. See Firestarter again.
