Tobe Hooper's bizarre exercise regarding an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to burn people down. This skill comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They die of spontaneous human combustion and it seems that what Sam is beginning to suffer derives from these pills his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives him to take for rough headaches. Actually, Lisa was told to manipulate Sam into taking pills from Lew Orlander (William Prince), practically the father of the young man who raised him from a child. Lew has benevolent plans ... he sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure machine for killing in human form. Sam has never wanted this and will do whatever is necessary to silence those responsible for his condition. As the film goes, Sam's blood is slowly becoming toxic, green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often release fire react exactly the opposite when Sam's uncontrollable blasts of fire light up. Come and find out, Lisa has Sam's condition whose parents also die from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone whom Sam has known for a long time as his doctor, is to insert toxic green fluid into their bodies, I am trying to increase their flame levels. Nina (Melinda Dillon, who sports an accent that fades and disappears) was the friend and association of Sam's parents in the experiments of the 1950s that tries to talk to him about what is happening. And, Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife, who could work against her ex-husband with Lew and Marsh to hurt him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> A strange little horror film, full of really horrible things flame effects. Dourif tries to bring a tragic and intense element to his character of which we continue to look at the situation while his body slowly becomes toxic waste with the fire that often ignites from its orifices. There is this big hole in his arm that spits flames like a volcano and a massive spot of fire on his hand that increases in size over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who portrays a rude electrical engineer trying to inform Sam to hang because the radio program he is calling is played for the night, becomes a victim of SHC. The film never works, because it's so wildly irregular with a sharp and ridiculous ending in which Sam offers to free Lisa from her fire by taking her from her.
