The title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give "The Projected Man" as an obvious rip-off of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, although much better than the typical IMDb review, you would think, is not anyone's idea that it is an acceptable substitute for Vincent Price. Even if, come to think of it, who would it be, unless Michael Gough was available? However, if you're in the mood to watch a British "Hammer" style movie with a science fiction theme on a teleportation experiment that went horribly wrong ... well, you might still want to give "The Projected Man" a pass and rummage through "remaindered" trash of your local Wal-Mart for another movie about transporter accidents. Because this is not so nice. <br /> <br /> Haliday has received many expensive strings from the MST3K crew for his part in this film and in "Devil Doll", but in reality it is the best thing in TPM. Maybe he can't bring the movie, but here he gets virtually no help from the script. The script bogs down every moment forward that the plot can have in a quagmire of financing nonsense and university politics and a guy named Lembach and some sinister cabal who wants the transporter machine to fail so they can steal its secrets. .. or something like that. So all the dramatic sequences of the first half of the film involve unconvincing phone calls or special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleportation mice. Then, when poor Haliday is mutilated by his car, he has to go through the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half of his face and rubberized cement for everything else, while thrilling the Londoners who accidentally meet his path. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using megaphones could not have made this script work. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile all the other actors diligently try to inject life and interest into their roles for this turgid little project, but the script completely engulfs their efforts. The corrupt project administrator gets upset and gets scared and hisses in the phone to his blackmailers, all the while not realizing that he looks like a werewolf equipped with a tweed suit and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romanticism in the history of British horror movies. His secretary is forced to parade in his "little ones". None of this works or freezes in a real movie. And all this simply stops, letting the viewer go, "Eh? Excuse me, wasn't that where ENDING was supposed to be ???" <br /> <br /> Yet for all his problems, I can easily name a dozen horror films of the same period worse or worse, and so could anyone else who follows the movies (or who has ever leafed through the IMDb) Bottom 100 "). Actually I wouldn't pay any money to own "Projected Man", but if it were included in a compilation along with a dozen other films in a DVD collection, I'd probably feel good to have it. It's a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror film festival, to watch with friends while having lots of beers and snacks on Saturday nights.
