Professor Paul Steiner is doing research on the transference of matter. He has developed a machine that he can use to make an object disappear like a wristwatch or a rodent, only to re-materialize that object in a different position. But there are those in his research facility who don't appreciate or approve of his experiments and will do everything possible to see that he can't. After a failed demonstration that could have saved his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things go terribly wrong and are turned into a heavily frightened madman whose simple touch kills. <br /> <br /> In hindsight, perhaps it was not a good idea to review The Projected Man in the same week I saw The Fly, Return of the Fly and Curse of the Fly. It seems that there are only so many films on the transference of matter and the potentially horrendous effects it can have on the human body that a person should be forced to endure over a period of three or four days. I'm not sure which ones are responsible for the list of films as starting material for The Projected Man, but for the most part it's so similar to Fly's films that it can't be a simple coincidence. However, The Projected Man is not even up to the worst Fly trilogy. <br /> <br /> Besides being terribly unoriginal, The Projected Man has many other problems that really hurt the pleasure of the movie. A big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday in the lead. It is a real donkey for the horse that, not only does not interest me in its suffering, in fact I actually do it. Supporting cast members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so dull and boring that they hardly matter. In fact, there is little to get excited about while watching The Projected Man. The soundtrack ?? not very memorable. The look "? I would describe a lot of it as" muddy ". The plot is predictable. There is no action. Overall, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, I saw The Projected Man through a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode. Fun stuff! While it's not an absolute, very often, the worst film is the MST3K riffs. The guys hit almost all of their brands with The Projected Man. I will give a very enthusiastic 4/5 to my MST3K rating scale.
