Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventures after moving to Los Angeles for work reasons (the football player David is now a Galaxy LA player after his move from Real Madrid) was originally a complete series, but was fortunately abbreviated in one hour or so. But even in this form, it is still interminably numb. <br /> <br /> Like virtually all reality shows of "reality", most of the incident manifests itself as falsely distorted, with the program itself admitting that Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is a actress. A woman who looks like Ugly-Betty, we hear some badly written jokes in the beginning (with an obvious joke about the apparent turnout of Becks with a previous, and more charming, PA Rebecca Loos, even though her name is not mentioned) with further sequences involving a fake inflatable doll to deceive the paparazzi and desperate attempts to throw a baseball. <br /> <br /> This could have been more fun if everyone had admitted that it was a piece of hair and had a ress or impersonator act in the lead role. The talented impressionist Ronni Ancona would have been perfect and it is better to be Posh than she is, and if this more sensible decision were taken, much more fun and entertainment would follow. we stayed with the real thing here (Miss Ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway), and although there are strange scattered attempts at self-irony and irony, it never works at a distance due to previous information on the considerable La Beckham's wealth in advance and her inability to provide would-be jokes, despite the intentions of sending her image, Mrs Beckham presents herself as a superficial self-centered, and her feeble jokes do not persuade us of having a humorous self-consciousness. I suspect that if a more realistic documentary approach had been taken, that is Posh walking the streets of Los Angeles and that he is completely ignored (instead of the frantic scenes and scene of slight hysteria on display here), and co-workers make unjustified jokes on th and previously, Ms. Loos, this would have made TV marginally better, but being pathetic PR material, her bony person would never have allowed such events to happen. <br /> <br /> Having said that, the following scenes in which she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was indifferently presented in front of a disinterested audience that will show the difficult times if she wants to make it to Hollywood. His colleague Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown) also found it impossible to make it big reside in the film's capital despite his report (which was not consummated) with the big name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls were obviously a very successful bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s, more in their native England, but they are still popular in other countries, including the United States, in a short time. They were certainly amusing at their height of glory (1997) when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and a New Labor government that look like the Spice Girls to sum up better than anyone at the moment, even if it was in some manufactured way. But they were never exceptional musical talents or singers, and the optimism of the United Kingdom seemed to vanish quickly in that year (the starting point was probably the tragic death of Princess Diana), as did The Spices themselves. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if everyone had been silently transferred out of the public eye permanently with dignity to enjoy their fortunes, then we would all have pleasant memories encrypted in our mind without any guilt. Unfortunately, the emergence of the frightening "celebrity" culture in the UK towards the beginning of the millennium has put these imaginations to good use, and we have all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories from the Spices since then, Posh is the worst transgressor, with the rest of his colleagues not too far behind. It has recently been announced that there will be a reunion tour soon, which is disconcerting as they never left and certainly do not require any addition to their inflatable bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are struggling with single mothers, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, it's soon time for Becks adventures on a later revelatory documentary, I can't wait ............. <br /> <br / > Rating: 2 out of 10.
