I tend to love everything the great late Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) has ever had. Although not all films with Naschy are fantastic, they all have a specific charm that is nowhere to be found except in Naschy's films, and they are always fun. There is no rule without exception, however, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves it. While the film has the specific charm of Naschy-Flick, unfortunately it drags too much and gets a real boring half-time. Naschy plays the evil Baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses the people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought side by side with Gilles De Lancré against the English, learns of the baron's evil behavior, he decides to turn against his former comrade in arms and help the people to free themselves from the tyranny of satanic baron ... <br /> <br /> Directed by León Klimovsky, who is best known for directing Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("The Werewolf Vs. The Vampire Woman", 1971), the film is he was scripted by Naschy himself. Naschy has often written his films, and it must be said that he mostly did a better job, more original than is the case here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built as a historical adventure rather than a horror film, and becomes rather boring in the middle. It often resembles the Sword and Sandal films of the 1950s, only this film is set in medieval times. The satanic part was probably added only because the name of the great Paul Naschy is linked to the horror genre. The film has its beautiful parts: Paul Naschy who makes strange speeches, Paul Naschy who seems strange, Paul Naschy who does satanic things, Paul Naschy who tortures innocent victims, etc. But unfortunately, most of the film focuses on the boring hero and the good guys, and these moments are boring. Female cast members are nice to look at, but unlike most Naschy movies, this one has no nudity or sleaze. There is a bit of a cool head, but for the most part it seems awkward and not as fun, as is the case with most Naschy films. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is just worth a look at my friends of Naschy. There are dozens of films with the Spanish horror deity that should be seen before this, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" ("The Hunchback of the Morgue", 1973), "The Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging Woman ", 1973)," El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "(" The horror rises from the tomb ", 1973)," Latidos De Panico "(" Panic Beats ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "(2004), or any of the werewolf films "Waldemar Daninsky". REST IN PEACE. Paul Naschy. Legends never die!
