It is quite clear that the director and production crew decided to paint a less flattering image of the Palestinian girl and her family. The film and its website try to imply that Ayat has a secret reason to blow up itself and Rachel - a boyfriend problem - maybe a pregnancy. Mentioned is the fact that Ayat has just seen the death of a dear friend at the hands of the Israelis, right outside his home. Damn, so why would a young, pretty and intelligent girl with university plans do such a thing? Could it be that the hormonal and emotional teenager was traumatized seeing seeing someone he loved dying before his eyes? This detail deserves all 5 seconds in the film. Another orderly detail is that Avigail Levy, Rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building in which the Akhras family lived (along with 22 other families). The impression is clearly given that you offer it as a "concession" - if Mrs. Akhras agreed to talk to her "why should I?" (since the film was shot, the house was destroyed - apparently the interview did not lead to what it wanted - so bring the bulldozers) Ms. Levy stated that "she wanted the film to be cathartic and a symbol of hope, an opportunity to overcome rooted hatred "- instead he uses it as an excuse to surrender to his mother Ayats, while rocking the house like a carrot. Also, even though the two women live just 4 miles away, is she so out of touch with the reality of the occupation for her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can simply fall for a cup of coffee? Please. And he gives up the only chance he has of meeting Mrs. Akhras in person and seeing what kind of life he lives (the Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now lives crammed into a refugee camp just 4 miles from where the Levys live in a comparative luxury Any sympathy I would have had regarding Mrs. Levy, of course, is loosened by her fussy, hypocritical air. In contrast, Mother Ayats is kind, frank and loving despite the best efforts of the post-production team to paint her and her family as monsters, but even the music and sound design were one-sided - I imagine the muezzin sings ALL the day every day 4 miles from the Levy family's house, always in a sharply contrasting key to the new sapphire music This excuses an excuse for a documentary.There is also a small matter of translations: Mrs. Levy turns DIRECTLY to the camera in English when she has qu something that worked to say in advance, Hebrew when it does not. Ms Akhras only spoke Arabic, which sometimes received TRANSLATION, sometimes TRANSLITERATION, always embarrassed, and very suspicious of an apparently objective film. They "sweated" it under the lights, while Mrs. Levy sat down (with air conditioning). editing also for the segments of Mrs Akhras. I gave a 2 because I liked the mother and father Ayats, who looked like good honest people. Shame on HBO, producers and director, for releasing a stink bomb like that.
