Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we are introduced to the world of its inhabitants of 1901 in America, this three-act game is opened before us with the help of "The Stage Manager", a visual storyteller, if you like. After his initial introductions, we are taken to the homes of two particular families; The Webb's and the Gibb's. <br /> <br /> This is certainly Central America at the beginning of the century, and the progressive way of life of the American dream and its mushy nuances that may seem a bit biased in this city dream. Here we see the daily lives of some of its 2642 inhabitants of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, although there are also Polish migrant workers who add another 500 to numbers, they never get a look. <Br /> <br /> Once introduced the daily lives of these families; the wives who cook, the children who work at home, the working fathers, the children who fall in love and the clean picket painted white, the second act began three years later, after the young George (a young and unrecognizable William Holden , at age 22) and Emily fell in love and intend to get married. The lovebirds in bloom that reach the stars and reach, also, a turning point in their lives, from the nest in which they live and now, in the anxieties and pains of young adulthood, take a nervous step. The third act is a bit more harsh and disturbing, it is in this act that the intentions of the films become evident, here we do not see life, not celebration, but death, and it is in this situation that the dead, as they return to to revisit and reconcile their past life, I am here to remind ourselves, to tell us, that life, and every moment, every precious breath is not to be wasted and wasted. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that even the political position of cinema seems more evident, feeling more like a propaganda propaganda on moral conferences on e, in Central America and on how it should direct its house and on how it should also put it in order. It is not just "our" city, it is a moral diction addressed to "our" souls and how America can improve itself if its peoples "(excluding the Poles, the Irish, the Native Americans and the ethnic minorities freed, "and minorities' in general, in addition to the backbone of the American who, again, did not have a fair share in this narrative), as the middle classes, can live up to the expectations of the American dream through an honest and decent life. Suppliers of the American Dream only with a special invitation. <br /> <br /> I too was entertained, slightly, by this film, but I felt that his narrative had a stronger impact than anything else that took part in it, even though the bland acting, the musical score or how well, or not, it was made. This was the intention of the cinema to exclude other groups, and to include only Webb and Gibb artists, in the future of the developing country of the United States, a good film, but also a little biased in its position, I thought. <br /> <br /> Based on the American drama Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this Pulitzer Prize-winning film, and six Oscar-nominated films, was the focal point of the perpetual movement of life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, the theatrical translation on celluloid presents itself as a mixture to the right of the social consciousness. Our city starts with what seems like a lesson in uselessness, like other cities, nothing exciting ever happens here, if anything, this city has only the "right kind of people", you can still leave your back door unlocked here, we are witnessing the developing lives of these two families, but it is their moral and social position that is more important than themselves. Our city may have been "any city" as long as you came from the right side of the city.
