I chose Time Changer because it looked like a nice low-budget movie with scifi time travel and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said that it had something to do with some biblical things and time travel, but I did not expect a Christian fundamentalist film! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone into the seats was much more interesting than it was. Our hero, who is a bible professor in the 1990s, eventually travels to the 2000s and discovers that modern life is full of evil influences - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This marvelous technological feat is achieved with the assistance of a fellow Bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional HG-Wells style time machine. The film begins to lose credibility at this point, which is unfortunate because this happens very early in the film. Previously (or perhaps immediately afterwards, I don't remember for sure), our professor hero was seen teaching what appeared to be a science course in which he claimed that scientific discoveries could be considered valid only if they corresponded to what the Bible says . What should be obvious to anyone is that this is clearly not the scientific method, however it is presented in such a way that the directors seem to prefer the view that science is only useful if it supports their claims and otherwise is not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is perfectly valid and reasonable in the context of the character at that time. So, if we accept this as the fact of the life of these professors of the Bible, then obviously the professor who went and invented the time machine is not a very strong believer as I don't think there is evidence (and none was offered) for the physics of time travel in the Bible. So there is a problem with mixed messages and credibility there, but it doesn't matter ... <br /> <br /> After the professor is convinced to make the leap into the future, the shock of modern technology has been managed quite well in most cases. It was also fun not to have blocked it for an exact year (as the character is reading the date from a newspaper to himself, a car sounds a horn and frightens him in not finishing the date: there are only two thousand e ... * Honk *). Some of the shocks went a little too long, though. For example, the car was one of the first things he met when he arrived and about two days later he was invited to an evening at a church cinema and takes a ride in a van. He sticks his head out of the window like a dog could, he is frightened by the headlights and the starting engine, etc. It seemed a little dull since he had been there for a few days and the city seemed to be quite busy with traffic. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the technological shock was well done, especially his first encounter with TV, which was delayed because he didn't even realize what it was until he saw a child watching one and using a remote control. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero begins to preach to virtually everyone he meets as an authority in every life and religion just because he is from the past and is an elder. Eventually he gives himself a brief moment in the spotlight at the church he was visiting, where he continues to explain his concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that should have been moving and discerning, but mostly it was just more or less same. A couple of husbands in the church start feeling a strange feeling about this guy (go figure it out) and investigate his name. Finally they conclude that he is either a time traveler or is impersonating this long-dead professor and decides to find out what it is. The film frames these kids as unbelieving villains to be skeptical. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor returned to his time, he is confronted with those two men. In an attempt to avoid being arrested or dragged away, he finally breaks into a rant like crazy about how Jesus will come soon and that he is a prophet so they should listen to him. Just in time, he is taken away and one of his husbands wonders if perhaps this is the kidnapping he has heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that this essentially means that the professor has proclaimed himself (and most likely false) prophet claiming to know that the kidnapping was near and that he was sent by God when he was sent by his colleague professor of the Bible and had no knowledge given by God (this was stated or even mentioned). br /> <br /> As I understand it, Revelation claims that the end time is only for God to know and at the end of the film we see the inventor professor trying (and failing) to send a bible into the future. First 2080, then 2070, etc. As the scene fades away. Clearly he is trying to determine the exact date of the end times - which he should not be able to know! In essence, the entire premise of the film is canceled because being so insistent in their religious beliefs and how certain things are for God to know only, means that it could never be a time machine in the first place because humanity could discover something that only God should know! The premise of the whole film collapses and makes it fundamentally useless as it undermines its own credibility in the end.
