One of the most "literate" Lone Stars, with time dedicated to the development and interaction of characters, dialogue and acting. The opening scene prepares the stage (literally) for the gambler's personalities, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler), and his friend, John Scott (John Wayne) the rodeo (let's say Roh-Day-oh), both slightly randy. The film follows their adventures as they try to improve one another in the search for Mexican Juanita, and later in their search for the lively Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (although he was taken astray from the truth bad, and wants to repent). And, of course, they have been wrongly accused of two crimes and must be served in jail before escaping and eventually exonerated. <br /> <br /> The highest point is Scott continually and deliberately sniffing Mary's ass in his grocery store, and throwing away the ladder he is standing on so he can take it and take it as it falls. It all seems a bit contemporary for a 1930s western, but it sounds better than it actually is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting action elements that we find in many other solitary stars are definitely missing here. No Yakima Canutt. Cheap and bad uses of archive footage of horse riders. No George Hayes. Tedious Stooge as a bi-play between Scott and Charlie, with Charlie swinging at Scott, Scott stepping on the foot and then pounding him (repeated two more times!). The skilled Paul Fix is ​​underutilized. Eddy Chandler himself, here in his big break, is not credible as a side kick. The bad guy looks too old and fat. So does Chandler, who spent his last career in another 300 films as an uncredited meatloaf. Mary Kornman, from the 1920s "Our Gang" (see "Mary, Queen of Tots" of 1925) is pretty in her scenes with John Wayne, but that's all. Seeds of a better western lie buried here. <br /> <br /> P.S. The ultra-short colorful version, which looks good, moves very fast, it's over if it flashes more than once. Fortunately, however, the embarrassing scenes with Eddy Chandler have been cut.
