This old John Wayne Lone Star western has a little more than the adventurers Wayne had prepared for Lone Star up to that point. For one, he has his old friend Paul Fix in it; Correcting, being a much better actor than the bad Lone Star standard, brings necessary professionalism to the surrounding area instead of the usual hesitant readings that are often provided in these aviators. The plot, on the wrong identity, on the robbery of wages and on murder, is trivial and superficial as you would expect from a low-budget western of the 1930s, but the attractive beauty of Wayne, the casual charm and the way where a line goes very far to make this more enjoyable. Eddy Chandler, plump and bald, is not entirely credible as Wayne's feminizing "partner", and there is a gag running over something that happens every time Chandler and Wayne are about to end up in a fight that gets tiring. On the other hand, Wayne's love interest is played by none other than Mary Kornman, the little "Mary" of the first "Little Rascals". She is now a 20-year-old adult, blonde and pretty like a button. Most of Wayne's main characters in these "B's" by Lone Star / Monogram were rather dull and colorless, but Mary is lively, pretty and, yes, sexy. There is a scene in the department store, where she works, where Wayne asks her to give him a bottle of "nervino tonic", which is on the top shelf, so he has to take a ladder and climb to the top of the shelf. Wayne is looking curiously at his little backside as he climbs the steps, then again as he goes down, then again a few minutes later, when he asks her to come up and take another bottle is surprisingly lively for a movie made in 1935. Wayne does he tries to hide the fact that he is definitely checking his ass. However, it is an interesting little "B", not exceptional, but not as random and casual as many of its LoneStar productions of the time. The last gunfight is not handled well, and Chandler is a bit irritating after a while, but all in all, it's worth a look, if only to see a beautiful and sexy Mary Kornman.
