I really wanted to love Julian Po. I think Slater is underestimated as an actor and many of the support players here are better than they have the chance to show in this film. I realize that this is based on a short story that I haven't read. So, I don't know if the ones I see as defects in the film originate from the story, or that they were imposed by the director / screenwriter. The premise is wonderful, and I loved the voice over, the confessional tone that strikes the initial narrative. But then...? Anything! Many of the local cliché characters ask Julian pointblank to explain his intention to commit suicide. It could be argued that it does not respond, because it is not their business. But Julian is the one who, under a single symbolic pressure, revealed his intentions in public. So neither Julian nor the director / writer, despite the fact that the character of Julian is keeping a recorded journal for God's sake, seems inclined to provide something beyond the meager initial information on Julian's life. He says he was an accountant. He says his family moved when he was a child, due to his father's work. So? There are several interactions with the locals that seem designed to illuminate Julian's purpose. But none of them goes anywhere, because Julian seems to consider all these inhabitants drunk as if they were aliens from another planet, as if he were the last (and only) sane between them. This could work as an allegory, if Julian Po had some defining characteristics or something that came close to the wisdom to be imparted. The closest who comes to reveal something of himself is in the scene where he intentionally humiliates the naive religious wife of the mechanic. And what this scene reveals is not something that can inspire empathy for Julian. I can only see the character of Julian - as rendered - as selfish, petty and totally condescending. A sort of correspondence between the attitude of the director of this half-processed film. And poor Michael Parks, an actor who once had so many promises, has nothing to work here.
