Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent and sensitive man with bold new ideas for making films. He wanted to be an author, break away from the confines of the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. For this, I applaud him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can't applaud A Woman Under the Influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating subject (a crazy woman) and somehow managed to create a boring film, full of long chats and extended scenes. He seems to have had the gift of capturing the most boring moments of a person's life in a movie, and he often seems to have simply turned the camera on his family and let the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes had captured something of a devastating TRUE - or even a core of something so real that it touched the heart in ways that a conventional film could not. Yet I found the exhibits, particularly Rowlands, as artificial. I never believed for a moment that she was really crazy. I've met people who are really mentally disturbed, yet I've never seen any of them behave like Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under the Influence. She interpreted it as an unpleasant and uninhibited woman who drinks a lot, and this too was confused because we see her drinking only once (at the beginning), but she behaves drunk for the rest of the film. There are some moments when she draws on something real, but those moments are few and far between; fails to support a mentally disturbed character. Once again, I applaud his efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the performance sound. <br /> <br /> Newcomers to the public that appear in this film and see its high IMDb score will undoubtedly feel compelled to love it and vote a lot, just to prove they understood it. But don't brainwash yourself with the clamor - judge yourself. You don't have to pretend to please. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his film, seeming to find his psyche and life experiences so infinitely fascinating that he could not imagine that others would appear presumptive and tortuously self- indulgent. But Woody Allen has at least shown a gift to entertain the public: he knows that a compelling storyline and a good dose of humor are essential for any film. If Cassavetes had used some self-discipline (and a couple of sharp shears!), A Woman Under the Influence could have had a chance. But what is the point of making a "realistic" film if the only people who can stand it are devotees and film students who adore Cassavetes as a kind of anti-establishment deity? Without detracting from it, I believe Cassavetes could have made A Woman slightly more accessible by keeping the rhythm in motion with a real plot, instead of presenting a 30-minute sequence of ad-libbed topic scenes. If you only make films for yourself and some of your fans, you are reaching the already converted. Watch this movie with your set of eyes and make your decisions about it. If you are really touched and fascinated by it, it's good for you.
