From the independent actor and writer / director John Cassavetes, A Woman Under the Influence offers the viewer a glimpse of a working class family with a problem of mental instability. Husband Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a worker who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands) the attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very bizarre and strange, but only a few minutes later it is clear that she is much more than this. Crazy. Out of mind. Out of his damn mind. Nick does his best to hide this from his work colleagues, and after a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asks her if she'll be okay, like she's trying to deny Mabel's illness. His problems are only spirals from there. <br /> <br /> I found some particular problems with this film. I imagine that these problems were mostly present in history, and the way some characters acted towards the end. Mabel was committed because, frankly, she is crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital, and her husband organizes a party to welcome her. He never acts stupid at the beginning of the film. Why invite all these people, some of them strangers to Mabel, to her home when her wife is in such a fragile state? He is simply an idiot. Later, after Mabel came into the house, Mabel's father has a huge explosion at Nick, screaming at the top of his lungs for not wanting to eat spaghetti. Your daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation, and what do you want to do is keep her calm and go crazy for spaghetti? A few minutes later, in the film, Nick takes Mabel to the stairwell and forces her to do the things she did when she was mentally unstable; make her strange noises and gestures. Didn't he send her there to make her feel better and not do those things? There were several other parts that occurred after this, but it would have been redundant to look at them in more detail. I guess I just had a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to make his characters act that way. It just didn't make sense. <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems with the end of the film, there was one aspect that really redeemed it; the acting. Gena Rowlands played an incredible crazy woman. There were times when I forgot he was acting, in which I was so caught up in his wild gestures and his crazy talk that I was actually scared of her. It was incredibly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy himself, because of the awkward way he handled his children, his work, and in particular the situation with his wife. I don't usually appreciate child actors. But the young people who played Nick and Mabel's children in this film were phenomenal. They really seemed to be Mabel's children, because they seemed so attached to her and were so interesting in helping her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this film together, and without them it would have made the film less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general I was not impressed by this film. The story was confusing and unclear, and the characters acted in ways that made me think of someone who wasn't crazy about the movie. The only thing that saved was the brilliant acting roles of the Longhetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting have held the film together, and are probably the only reason the film has ever represented something.
