In A Woman Under the Influence Mabel goes crazy, but I see why she goes crazy. If I had lived the kind of life that he lived with his family, I too would have gone mad. Everyone in his family is out of their rocker and not completely with it. She is constantly surrounded by people who scream and tell her what is best for herself and the people who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> To start with the person closest to her in her life, her husband, Nick, is a little off the rocker. He always yells at her at home telling her how to live her life and stop acting like a fool. For the rest of the time he works long in his work and is not there to support her when he needs support. The only person in her life who should always be there for her is never there and if she is, she's just making her feel worse. He relies on him for support and always goes to him first when he feels he is doing wrong and he does nothing to support her. When she comes home from the hospital all she does is tell her how to behave, instead of comforting her, he yells at her and tells her what to do. <br /> <br /> The other important people in his life are his parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel basically manages their lives because they are afraid to resist her and defend her. In the end he even asks his father to defend her and he doesn't understand, and when he understands it he still doesn't do anything. They do nothing to help Mabel recover or prevent her from going crazy because they do nothing for her period. The only person who tries to do anything for her is Nick's mom. Nick's mother is adamant about having committed Mabel. She doesn't want to have anything to do with Nick, so does the doctor who commits her. It seems that everyone is opposed to Mabel and they feel that having her committed is a good idea, because then they will no longer have to deal with it. They all want to live their lives and do nothing for Mabel except to scream at her and make her feel like she's doing something wrong when she really isn't. This is why she went crazy and why she must be committed, it was the fault of the whole family.
