It had to be titled "Balderdash!" Little in the film is true except the name of the island and the fact that the submarines were involved. Little more than cinematic quality training with poor photographic work, muddy films and perhaps the lowest point of the 'Japs' stereotypes with the ridiculous Japanese infantry, the ridiculous Japanese combat pilots and the one-dimensional square-jawed Americans who die right and to the left. Sixty years later it is unintentionally funny as a strange artifact and an opportunity to see what is possible when war fever hits you. The plot and the dialogue remind me of playing gunshots on a summer afternoon in my childhood, peeking through the neighbor's hedge to get a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the Makin Island raid was a near-total failure with Carlson and his men wandering in the dark, exchanging firearms with shadows until, thirsty and completely bewildered, they looked for someone to surrender to, before they happened on an equally confused Japanese soldiers who promptly surrendered to them! In the retreat several of the Carlson Marines ended up on another island and were abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell that story, not in 1943, so this little whim was invented and rushed into release to the sound of drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, like Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) driving a unit composed almost entirely of caricatures, the green recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene), the country-bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and a series of jeers (when they weren't laughing) 'Japs'. Yet the cast almost surpasses the material. Almost. The narrow range of Randolph Scott is well suited to his role as a serious commander and is backed by a solid group of professionals who do their best with thin jelly. But in the end, the object with only one note of the exercise wins. Any fiction is completely abandoned at the end when Randy Scott looks directly into the camera and makes a call (at some point) to his arms. The cast was better than this material. So was the public. It should be displayed with Reefer Madness and a moderately priced bottle of Merlot.
