The DVD has become the equivalent of the old double-bill late night circuit, the last chance to capture old movies about to be completely forgotten as The Border. There were high expectations for this in 1982 ?? a screenplay written by The Wild Bunch by Walon Green, Jack Nicholson on days when he was still able to act without a traffic light and a cast of great help (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson director (although it was practically a spent strength since then ?? but now it doesn't turn on even on TV. The material certainly offers a rich set of possibilities for commenting on the American Dreams of capitalism in the 80s and the conspicuous consumption, with the Nicholson border agent pretending not to see the expensive drug deal or traffic of people for finance the relentless materialism of his wife, until he rediscovers his conscience when he discovers that his partners are also in the child trade. Unfortunately, he never really gets his hands dirty, barely even turning a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface. The film always seems watered down as if too many rewrites and too many commissions had neutralized it and, unfortunately, the recent DVD release is a missed opportunity to restore the original nihilistic final where Nicholson goes beyond the limit and incendiary bombs of the patrol station of border that was cut after the preview, the public found it too negative, but that was still featured in the movie trailers. <br /> <br /> Although it probably wasn't too convincing considering how low Nicholson's crisis of consciousness in the film is, it had to be better than the raw rickshaw climax where the film abandons logic and even the basic rules of continuity : at some point he keeps the characters under the threat of a gun, then he is somewhere else and they are free to try to kill him, a character is wounded in his house to go around like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande while the character of Valerie Perrine becomes more stupid at an exponential level. The villains of the piece are eliminated with an absurd ease (and an impressive automotive stunt) in time for a modified happy ending and you start to wonder if you find yourself somehow watching another movie entirely. What makes it even more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and overwhelming that the sudden skidding in the melodrama is even more shocking. Unfortunately the beautiful song of the title of Ry Cooder, Across the Borderline, says it all much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, it's wasting the great Warren Oates completely in a small part. When even he can't make an impression, you know there's something really wrong. All in all, all too easy to remember because I found this so forgettable at the moment.
