This film deals with the kidnapping of children from the point of view of a mother (Lisa Hartman Black) who acts like a man in an action thriller. Unlike other films where the focus is on the police, here the mother is tracing her ex-husband who kidnapped their son. She receives help from her lawyer who eventually falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> Many bizarre things happen before you finally reach your son. The mother tries to take a child who looks like her son from a children's playroom in a community theater. She is captured and realizes that she is not her son. This alone would have allowed many people to enter the mental ward or a few months in prison awaiting trial. However, in this film the mother is released after a couple of hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. Moments later, her mother breaks into her mother-in-law's house and then the policemen arrive with guns aimed at her but they let her escape because they recognize her (and do they feel sorry for her?). <br /> <br /> At another point in history they found the child, but when the police arrive to search the house it turns out that they left the back door and entered the river on a rubber boat that apparently his father kept around just for such an emergency escape! Mum makes sure that someone lends her a raft, and even if she must have spent some time (in a real world), she and her boyfriend lawyer, and the police reach the other raft rather quickly and it is turned over water for landing. Instead of getting out of the raft to look for Dad on earth, Mom assumes he drowned the boy and she jumps into the water when she sees her rescue jacket. Of course, she doesn't know how to swim and she sinks like a rock. The lawyer saves her, but they miss the chance to pursue her father. At one point, the mother is informed that her son died in a clinic in Mexico. Forward and forward, and where it stops no one knows! In a sense, this film really takes advantage of child abduction and is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman do all the crazy things that men do in this type of film was fun (or funny?).
