To review this film, without a doubt I should have mentioned that memorable scene in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994), when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she does for a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing he did was the pilot". Vincent asks "What the hell is a pilot?" and Jules makes a very precise description of what a television pilot is: "Well, the way they do the shows is that they do a show, a show called" pilot ", so they show the show to the people who do shows, and with the strength of that show they decide if they will do more shows, some pilots are chosen and become television programs, others not, they become nothing, she has acted in one of those that have become nothing ". Now, to understand what Jules was talking about, there are MILLIONS of television programs / pilots that were never broadcast because they simply weren't ... well, well. Probably the most famous pilot that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", a spin-off to "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as the protagonist. Hmmm, would anyone really want to watch Radar for half an hour trying to solve the crimes? So the show was never picked up. What many people don't know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are almost never shown on the air, because they are made strictly for the television networks that have to decide. Some made sure they passed and took flight (the pilot of the animated series "American Dad" comes to mind, since the same serial of the show didn't start before almost four months.) However, there were moments when everyone should be happy that the pilots never managed to get in the air, and this is why. <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", an alleged link to Mel Brooks' comedy classic, "Blazing Saddles", is a stale and bland "sitcom" with little heart and soul. "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, however, with its racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind "which idiot decided it would be a great TV show FOR PRIME TIME TV?!" "I say" supposed ", because none of the memorable characters in the film, apart from Bart, in this mess of a TV show, Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the serial and this was the first mistake in a long line (in a related story, I recently discovered on an unauthorized TV pilot for a series based on the "Clerks" movie. Vin Smith was not involved in ... you see what happens?!?. <br /> <br /> set in the same period of the film ( or at all), the story surrounds the only black sheriff in the wild west, aptly named "Black" Bart, who is this time interpreted by the future Oscar winner Louis Gossett Jr., obviously before his "real" acting period , while in this he is playing a "G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon copies (if not ugly) of the characters in the film: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a character similar to that of Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is fast with a gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a sort of delirium of the character who is a show dancer and a German with an accent and a Marlene Dietrich type personality. While this is more or less the end of the similarities, the "bad" protagonist in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, who I assumed would be Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. had secured the name rights (see Curiosity for "Blazing") Saddles ") and his son Curley ... I don't know, Taggart I suppose? History is a poor excuse for a sitcom, much less a pilot. Bart takes care of the mayor's drunken son and has an out-of-control behavior that has turned the city around. In reality, it is a story that tries to present all the characters of the "series" and does not focus on the variety and context that would make this show "okay". I can't really call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted to do it) and that's mainly the fact that it was shot on the Warner Bros. Studios backlot and later I added a laugh, so the show is set up almost exactly like "M * A * S * H ​​"(complete with a bland and boring" laugh "identical to the series). The acting is so-so, but there is a part that always makes me laugh, and at that moment the actor who plays Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries really hard to remember them as he tries to spit out a dialogue. HAS! The script is rather boring and is an attempt to make racism more fun than it was in the movie (Surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" numerous times through a 22-minute episode, rather touchy for its period of time and also for today) and becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get your hands on this invisible piece of sssss ... interesting and strangely interesting article, just watch it for the pleasure of watching the pilots (It's in the collector's edition of Blazing Saddles "God knows why." There, you have a first-hand chance for the reason that many of the film's pilots never get into action.
