It was hard to sit through this horrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was chosen because he is tall and thin. His skull face is made for a good zombie in the Dawn of the Dead remake, but like Sherlock Holmes it looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a carefree and carefree walk that is hard to look at, but he looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical Holmes coats he wears. Not only that, but while the coat is twill gray, apparently it was not possible to find a matching hood. So his cap is black and looks shiny as if it were made of polyester. Whatever the hat, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore those traditional clothes, but Brett didn't have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to play the part. Frewer on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in the "Holmes" outfit, he doesn't behave like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's cadaverous face grins all the time as he spits back and forth in a bad "Upper-Crust" British accent it's painful to see and hear. To say that Frewer is exaggerating is an understatement. After finishing each sentence with a sort of nasal buzz, he sneers as if it were some sort of British trait. When I started watching this I thought it might be a comedy with Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was chosen as a kind of Wishbone film. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except for Frewer. Wishbone would have made this movie so much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frewer's version of Sherlock Holmes never stop talking (in that awful nasal English accent), but it is very friendly and kind. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he talks to, and is so polite and courteous that he could teach in a charm school instead of being a hound. Perhaps since this is a Hallmark Channel production, they are trying to create a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was even better in this one) that was kinder and kinder. Whatever the meaning of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, it is flatter than a pancake and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I have ever seen (including the worst previous one, by Charlton Heston). <br /> <br />, the tone of this film is terrible. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. All the suspects acted with suspicion and looked at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson are explaining every clue to each other throughout the film. There's even less exposure on Murder She Wrote. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes is not even very well comparable to Rockford Files' Jim Rockford and is miles away from Columbo. The terrible dialogue is probably the writer's fault. It is obvious that anyone who has ever written this script is unfamiliar with Sherlock Holmes, especially with the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. This film has the whole atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem smiling when they say their lines with their fake accents doesn't help. <br /> <br /> The only small bright spot is Ken Walsh who plays Dr. Watson with a certain dignity. Walsh does not exclude him compared to Frewer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his attitude and style of conversation are much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateur, and the visual cues they give with their glare and making faces at each other (to show they are suspicious) is something I hadn't seen in any modern movie.
