I'll write about this film and "Irreversible" (the (in) famous scene in it). So be warned, if you haven't seen the movie yet. These are just my thoughts, because I think the film fails (in the end - the pun is intentional). <br /> <br /> In practice, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost transmits portraying someone from almost a decade younger (a teenager in other words). The villain is good, but loses his "bad" touch just before the end. If it really never changes, then why should it let a woman tie it up? He wouldn't do that, period. Then we also have the bartender / 2nd rape. I really don't think you need him. At least not for the 2nd rape, but we'll talk about it later. <br /> <br /> Let's get back to the story. Rosarios' character is sexually insecure, she may even have lesbian tendencies (see her scene with a friend). It was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is a sexual tension between them. The character of Rosario meets a boy, who is a sexual Predator, in all the wicked senses. But he makes an impression on her. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that his character had a boyfriend before. I beg to differ. Because she acts, as if she were her first boyfriend, who also underlines her telephone conversation with her mother. Speaking of his mother, here's another problem. After the first rape, the character of Rosarios does not tell anyone what happened. Remembering that his relationship with his mother is very close, none of this is explored later. If the character of Rosarios no longer called her mother or behaved strangely, the mother would be worried like a madwoman. There was so much potential here. Even her friend: We see her at the party, it is obvious that something is happening and "boom" is gone. <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to watch. But it looks like a pinch, when you compare it to the ending (rape), which feels like being hit by a sledge hammer! After the rape no. 1 we get too tense scenes. The discussions are open (as his construction work is an indication that it could be lesbian, as a guy who tried to hit her ...), but left out. No real social contact is established, if you leave out the bartender boy, who is involved in the second and final rape scene. It is clear that he is not a "nice" guy and his character is calmed down a bit. But when Rosarios' character meets his rapist again in class, his being in the movie seems pointless. We have understood that the character of Rosarios is no longer the same, that she has become "bad" and is capable of hurting people. (Too) Many scenes show exactly this, his being without emotions just makes drugs and other things. Return to Rapist # 1 who betrays a test, is captured by Rosarios' character and decides to go out together again (really?). As absurd as it may seem, the boy meets with her, not without having seen him before, with another girl (most likely he also raped her, even if we never see any of this, fortunately) and his career football. Well, career is a trait and he is bullied. This is an attempt to give your character some depth and it almost works, but then it's still too much cliché to be with you. So Rapist # 1 submits to the character of Rosarios ... why exactly? Why had he promised her, was it his day? Once again, really? Such a guy never loses control, especially with a woman he raped before ... I guess this should show us how stupid he is. The bartender boy would have worked as someone who could hit him in the head or something, but just letting him give up that way, he is simply wrong. Another possibility could be a drug in your drink. <br /> <br /> Then the robber # 1 strips and is blindfolded and lets Rosarios's character tie him to a bed ... seriously, it's just crazy! But what comes next is even more insane. First talk to him, then "close" him and force an object into him. It's hard to look at as the number one rape scene. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course it was what they were aiming for. Now, after it has been "made", the bartender arrives and rapes ... the rapist # 1. If this really works like a revenge movie, it would have been better if Rosarios' character would have done all the "revenge". Having a henchman who does the job takes away everything that was built. <br /> <br /> This shouldn't be fun / funny, it's a tough guard and it's Art-house. But the 10-minute rape scene (I didn't count) ultimately destroys everything. The character of Rosarios is more or less, just looking at what happens. Which brings me to the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the rape scene, but the movie went ahead (even if it went back in time). Rosario is looking at the camera at the end and says something about how to overcome this. First of all, it comes a little too late, it should be seen after the initial rape. And secondly and, more importantly, it is here that the art film should arrive. It is more interesting to see that the character of Rosarios would have gone after the second rape scene and how he would deal with what he had done. But then again, he actually didn't do so much physically (see above) ... a broken character that the movie interrupts ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had worked before), but not managing to convey most things, they decided to do (even if you can see what they meant, it must be convincing, otherwise it won't work) ... not to mention the rape scenes that are too long as they are ...
