One of the strangest stories of romantic films often used is this: a seriously messed up man falls in love with a terminally ill woman, who turns his life around before he dies. Occasionally this story is done well and realistically (as in "The Theory of Flight", an excellent cry), but more frequently it is done as if it were here, where as usual the heroine dies of "Old Movie Disease". You know, the terminal illness that has no symptoms, but a fainting spell and the need to lie down while you're saying goodbye to your loved one forever; and your appearance is not affected a bit (and since this is from the 70s, neither is your sex life the same). This is one of the worst versions of that particular story, in which a very silly script brings together two incompatible and incredible characters, and are played by actors who are completely at sea. <br /> <br /> This has to be the worst performance of Al Pacino's career, and I say this after seeing "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays a fanatic of race cars, emotionally constipated, and plays an unlikely character without life. It seems that he is constantly wondering why he keeps the Marthe Keller grate (as well as the audience), and spends most of the film alone ... standing there, usually with his mouth open. The only time he shows any signs of life is towards the end, where his character shows that he has changed from strained to liberated making an exhilarating imitation of Mae West. Hey, it was * the seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is equally as terrible as the dying love interest; his character was conceived as bold and free, touching and uninhibited and full of life even if dying, and probably had to be interpreted with an actress with the sensitivity of, for example, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they have the expressionless face and the heavy German accent of Mrs. Keller, which looks like a frightening Teutonic stereotype ("You VILL eat ze omelet!") More than lovable. She should reform Pacino and fill him with courage and spirit and everything else, but it doesn't work that way, it's more like she's insisting on her flaws in the most hateful way possible. This makes it one of the least convincing novels in the history of cinema, in which one cannot believe that it would be with someone who finds it so useless, and one cannot believe that it is with someone who is so on his nerves. <Br /> <br /> Some fans of the bad movie call it a cult classic, mostly because of Pacino's stupid "liberating" imitation of Mae West. The scene is a scream, especially in the context, but it's not worth watching the rest of the film. No, watch the film only if you are a serious fan of bad movies that is particularly interested in studying Extreme Lack of Chemistry between main actors, or Very Bad Casting (not only are the leads terrible, but the other girl from Pacino is played by an actress who looks and plays only like Keller with shorter hair, I totally confused them). This is not one of those nasty retail movies like "The Conqueror", it's just a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
