I can't remember why - I must have had a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I don't remember who I went to, what theater I was in or what city. All I remember was how much I was offended by the parody that someone dared to call a movie, and how half the people in the theater came out before the movie was finished. Unfortunately I brought it to the end, which I still consider one of the worst mistakes of my life so far. My crime became pure horror when, just before the end credits, the devilish and thin child attacks his head from behind a sign and says "Look for Problem 2, on the way!" This was the most terrifying moment ever recorded on the film. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, involved John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Sir, as I tried unsuccessfully to block this movie out of my mind) by adopting a "problem child". Maybe they think they can reform it, or something like that. Really, I do not know. If that was their intent, they fail miserably because from the first frame to the end this son remains the most brude, the most rude, the most hideous demon spawn ever to hit the big screen. Forget Damian, forget Rosemary's baby. This guy takes the cake. The only difference is that we should feel sorry for him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible since this child is most likely the most obnoxious character ever portrayed. You want to kill him during the whole movie, and when (SPOILER, like anyone else), John Ritter decides to keep the devilish infernal child that you're shouting "Send him back!" in shocked disgust (like many of the people at the theater where I saw him do). <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie I gave a "1" to IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and for God I couldn't tell you which was worse. John Ritter had a quote in TV Guide about the time when Problem Child 3 was released, of which he was not a part. He said something like, "The only way to do another sequel to [Problem Child] is if they dragged my dead body back." Amen to that! <br /> <br /> I would prefer to watch a 24-hour marathon of the Police Academy sequel than to see another twenty minutes of Problem Child. 1/10, just because I can't give it a negative score, which is what it really deserves. Someone burns the original negatives of this movie, please!
