Yeti: Demse of the Snow Demon starts aboard a plane full of American high school teenagers who are going to play a soccer game in Japan, unfortunately during a heavy storm their plane crashes into the Himalayas. Really unlucky With some dead and some alive the survivors have to think about themselves and decide to wait until help arrives. However, just when they think their luck may not get worse, they soon discover that a huge hairy abominable Yeti Snowman creature wants to kill them and eat them all. Trapped, cold, hungry and struggling for survival will it help reach teenagers stuck in time? <br /> <br /> Yes, with a title like Yeti: Snow Curse Demon can only mean one thing and this is that someone on the Sci-Fi channel has done yet another "Creature Feature" though to give these things a bit of variety the science fiction channel here in the UK now nickname them as a "beast feast"! As if that will make a difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, Yeti: Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible movie but at the same time quite funny, sure it's bad but sometimes it's fun too. The basic premise is fine, it's a sort of cross between Alive (1993) with his plane crash and the survivors who have to transform the cannibal to survive and the excellent gory killer Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster) Night of the Demon ( 1980) that I would defend with my last breath and I must say that it is not exactly a marriage made in paradise, but as I said it is funny sometimes if not exactly compelling or well written. The characters are mostly boring American teenagers, there is the expected discussion, there is the macho hero, the strong woman and the coward who thinks only of himself so there are no rewards for originality. There are also holes in the plot, if an air load of people crashes why send only two rangers on foot to look for them? How are you going to dig a big hole and align it with sharp sticks in ten minutes? Why didn't the Yeti kill that bird in the end? He had killed everyone else up to that point, so why not her? The twist "there are actually two Yeti running around" is not used at all for any effect. At least there is a good rhythm in the film, it certainly moves at a right pace and I never got tired of being bored. There is some moderately bloody action and the film has a certain charm in seeing if the children will survive or not and if they are going to eat their dead companions or not. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can always say about these "Creature Features" or "Beast Feasts" by Sci-Fi Channel is that the effects of the CGI computer will make you laugh out of hilarious cracks and so it will be again one more time. The plane crash at the beginning looks horrible and the Yeti when it is in CGI seems simply embarrassing to jump everywhere like it was on a pogo stick. There are one or two beautiful scenes of gore including a torn arm, a crushed head, a torn heart, some corpses, some splashes of blood and the best part when the Yeti tears a boy in half and beats him with his ripped off legs before biting a large piece from them. According to the IMDb, the actor who plays the Yeti took three and a half hours to wear the suit and make-up, which seems a long time since it is actually a rather shabby creation. Apparently the original title was Raksha: Demon of the snow Demon with Raksha which means demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. <br /> <br /> This has reasonable production values ​​considering the usual Sci-Fi Channel stuff that churns out even though the location of the mountain does not resemble the harsh and bleak Himalayas and is probably located near some ski resort from somewhere and during many of the daytime scenes it looks really pleasantly warm. The acting is not good and I didn't think any of the girls were so beautiful that they didn't help. <br /> <br /> Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon is another terrible Sc-Fi Creature Feature channel 'if I'm honest that any sane person won't like it but if you're looking for some fun themed entertainment horror then it is not bad and there are one or two funny moments that make it somehow watchable even if it is not very well.
