THE NIGHT LISTENER (2006) ** 1/2 Robin Villiams, Tony Collette, Bobbi Cannavale, Rory Culkin, Joe Morton, Sandra Oh, John Cullum, Lisa Emeri, Becki Ann Baker. (Dir: Patrick Stettner) Hitchcockian suspensor gives Villiams an incredible performance. What is it about celebrities and fans? What is paranoia that is approaching the other and why is it almost the norm? In the latest scenario of fans based on true events, Villiams plays a person called a Talk-Radio named Gabriel Niko, who reads stories he wrote over radio waves and collected an interesting fan in the shape a young man named Pete Logand (Culkin) who submitted a manuscript of the distress of his distracted youth to Nicholas, the editor of Achu (Morton) who gives it to Niko not to read for himself. Nobody is naturally upset, but in the end he is intimidated by the fact that Pete was abducted and sexually abused for years until finally he was rescued by a nurse named Donna (Collette gives a great performance) that was adopted by the Boyfriend, but her correspondence with Niko does not reveal that Pete dies of AIDS. Of course, no one wants to meet with fans, but he suddenly doubted their potentially hidden motives when the seed was planted by his alienated lover Jess (Cannavale), whose sudden departure from their flat in New York has no one in the emotional pillar just now grown up in a storm in a tea cup when she decides to explore the background of Donna and Pete by revealing some truths she did not expect. Written by Armistead Maupin (who wrote a script with his former lover Terri Anderson and journalist Stettner's journalist) and based on the true story of the revealed deception of the fans, there are several Hitchcock moments moving at full thrust , as every old old pot is doing. Helps Williams give an insightful, low-key performance as a conflicting, benevolent personality who sincerely wants to believe that his number one fan is truly real and loves him (the only thing that has escaped his reality) and has some disturbing terrible moments with the nasty Collette whose one physical property will leave unspecified, but emphasizes the despair of its character that can rattle you to the core. However, the film runs out of gas and in the end. becomes somewhat repetitive and predictable despite the fine-directed piece of jokes and mysteries of Stetner, it is worthwhile to listen to your inner voice: beware of what you hope.
