Homelessness (or Houselessness as George Carlin stated) has been a question for years, but there has never been a plan to help those who were once considered to be the people who did everything from going to school, to work or voting for it. Most people think that homeless people are just a lost thing while taking care of things like racism, the war in Iraq, the pressure on children to succeed, technology, elections, inflation, or worry if they will be next at the end of the street <br /> < But what if you received a bet that you would live on the street for a month without the luxuries that you once had from home, entertainment sets, bathrooms, wall paintings, computers, and everything you ever kept to see how to be a homeless person? It's a Goddard Bolt lesson. Mel Brooks (who leads) who plays Bolt plays a wealthy man who has everything in the world until he decides to bet with the red sissy (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live on the streets thirty days without luxury ; if Bolt succeeds, he can do what he wants with a future project of building more buildings. The bet is where Bolt is thrown into the street with a bracelet on his leg to follow every movement he can not get out of the sidewalk. He gave the nickname Pepto from the rogue after being written at his forehead, where Bolt meets other characters, including a woman named Lesley (Lesley Ann Varren), a former dancer who got divorced before she lost her home, and her friends Sailor (Hovard ). Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson) who are already accustomed to the streets. They survived. Bolt is not. He was not used to reaching common agreements as he once was when he was rich in fighting or escaping, killing or killing himself. "Life smells" to be one of the boring films of Mela Bruce, who before being a comedy, shows a gentle side in comparison with his slapstick work such as Blazing Saddles, Ioung Frankenstein or Spaceballs for the thing to show that Something worth it before losing it the next day or on the other hand making a stupid bet, like all rich people when they do not know what to do with their money. Maybe they should give it to homeless people instead of using it as monopoly money. Or this movie will inspire you to help others.
