When it comes to movies, I can be pretty picky, and I'll complain about everything and everything that's been wronged. While each film has its own flaws, The Night Listener had an extremely low number. If you read the last review (it was difficult, because half was written with caps and did not contain any real information about it in the movie), you might have said that you believe that this movie was not well done. Unfortunately, if you read more than 3 lines in the same review, you discovered the reason for the disdainful poster: he / she does not like the fact that the director is gay (or that the production team is cracking ... apparently). Br /> So, despite the fact that I had never written a review before, I thought that this film was meritorious, not by the sexual orientation of its director. Let's first look at a quick list: 1. An excellent plot? Absolutely. I will not give up on it, but the plot is very striking and definitely not what would be expected on the basis of commercials. This is a thriller, not a horror, and should be treated as such. The story will really impress you, even more so because it's true (and the store has remained completely true to real events). 2. Vonderful Acting? O yes. Robin Williams has long since left the comedy chain, and since then he has flourished in serious roles for which many people wrote him only ten years ago. Once again he has a high form in his role in the Night Listener, playing a radio leader who is getting more and more upset in the case ... well, I'll let you see for yourself. 3. Excellent direction? For sure. Now, unlike the other post I mentioned, I actually know something about the direction. For three years now, I have been involved in the art of directing at school. Of course, I do not really think that this makes a lick of difference (the only thing that matters is whether you like the direction), but I thought that I should just once again find that I base my opinion here on something that is relevant and relevant. for example: it is not the sexual orientation of the director (or the alleged drug habit of the production team, LOL). Patrick Stettner's direction was cumbersome and dark, and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create the so-called feelings of "tension and liberation", and not clutter, quick work and quick cuts that we today often exposed. Some people can really show you the story through the camera, while others feel like they have to make a story with a camera. I really appreciate when one of these days has the courage to just use the camera as it should be used, which is like an eyeball through which we all see. 4. Lighting, Cinema and Mounting? Great everywhere around. I've already written so much, and I could talk about these last three things for another ten paragraphs, so I'll just end it. In a nutshell, go watch this movie. Do not listen to people who have the foremost motive for destruction, especially if they are so stupid that they unknowingly reveal that motive 1/4 times through their place. Enjoy the show! -Ben
