What is unexplainable? First, the hatred of this film. Perhaps it is not the best film of all time, but give me a break, I got 11 Oscars for some reason, which made eighteen hundred million dollars a reason. It's a damn good movie. Which leads to another unexplainable aspect of it. I have no idea why this film made such an impression on me when I saw it in cinemas. I watched him again on TV and saw it and did not have any influence when I saw him on the big screen (two or three times, actually). But it could be, attractiveness. It's a movie, yes, it's capital M, it's an epic, it's a spectacle of order Gone Vith the Vind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone Vith the Vind seem to me somehow a hockey, with an acting and excessive melodrama. It's not that Titanic has none of it. Well, the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was sometimes quite heavy. But the reason Titanic does is that it's such an emotional ride. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind, or give me a visual excitement. This movie is not so stupid, but it's not a brain at all. Visual excitement is simply a means to achieve the goal, to stimulate the emotions of the audience. I did not cry when Bamba's mother died, I do not react to the tears. But this is a $ 10 million seeker, an emotional roller who would, if he was ordinary, make Buzz Aldrin scream as a girl. I'm sure that if you see it on a video and decide to hate it and that you have ready cynicism, then you can not completely love this movie. But if you allow that disbelief to stop a little, if this epic melodrama gives you the benefit of suspicion, you will fully enjoy it. And look at the top ten films of all time. Is one of them bad? Is one of them worth 1 of 10? No, not even Phantom threat. And this film made $ 1.8 billion worldwide. It can not be bad. It is not possible. 10/10. <br /> p.s. how can anyone think about comparing this to spiderman? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was a total of 9/11 knock-outs that brought him to a tough as much as ever. there was simply nothing special. No one will remember this for 50 years. but I'm pretty sure Titanic will be remembered.
