Titanic must be one of my favorite films of all time. It has its own problems (which films do not), but still, it's pleasant. When I trip over someone who asks me why I like Titanic, I assume that my first reaction is "Wait a little, are not you?" I know so many people who do not like this movie, and I'm not saying that I do not see why. "A lovely story is too much cheese", yes, but is not it pleasant and moving? All right, the love story between Jack and Rose is very unrealistic, everyone knows that love like this does not exist. But this is a film, are not everyone enjoying seeing a beautiful story that allows us to move into fantasy for a while? The next appeal, DiCaprio and Winslet, are terrible actors. Well, okay, in this movie, I agree that they do not realize their full potential. However, I think it is unfair to say that they are terrible actors. I personally think that both of them are very talented actors who, unfortunately, are very famous for the film they are not incredible about. But the roles given to them are simple, and characters are realistic enough to be concerned about them, but I agree with many people that they did not do as well as could be expected. And finally, if you will regret that this movie does not like them because they hate romance, or because of that they hate history, or tragic movies, then I'm sorry, but why, for God's sake, they left And looked at a movie that is so clear all this. It's like people who complain that Dark Knight is a bad movie because they hate action movies. Simply because you are a movie, not because you do not like the genre, this is a good movie. Well deserving of his Oscar, in particular, the best cinema, I consider the best ever video in the film except perhaps the trilogy of Lord of the Rings. I know that some of the writing fail, such as constantly screaming the names of others during the movie. Part of the story can be quite weak, but it is generally astonishing to see that Titanic looks so realistic and sinks so epic. I understand why many people do not like this movie, but it's mostly that they do not like a fundamental idea, such as a love story, instead of thinking that the movie itself is badly designed. I can tell you that I have read more than five Titanic books, including memoirs that appeared on the day that it happened, and this film is extremely historically accurate, except for a few mistakes. The only head I can find is that the pipes should have threaded copper, not steel, and the iceberg seems quite unrealistic as the place where they hit it. I will give this film 10/10, not because I love movies about romance, but because it is an extraordinary film achievement, which leaves a feeling of horrified real adaptation of the event.
