After a brief prologue showing how a masked man screams and then cuts the older gentlemen's throat in an abandoned, urban, Australian street at the turn of the century, we meet Julie (Rebecca Gibnei) and Peter (John Adam) as they leave the house. They succeed in getting a loan for the upper apartment on a sophisticated street in Sydney, but it turns out that physical neglect is not the only problem with their new home. Maybe it's haunted. 13 Gantry Rov combines an unforgettable, but somewhat cliché story with a good to average guide Catherine Millar into something above average shock. The biggest part is due to the budget, but not the complete justification for this obstacle. A key problem occurs at the beginning of the film. The opening "thrill scene" contains some unusual changes. Frozen frames and series of photos are used to conceal the fact that there is not much action. Suspens should be created from a track, not a fan of "fik it and mik" techniques. There is a great atmosphere on the scene from the location, lighting, fog and the like, but the camera should slowly follow the killer and the victim, cutting back and forth from one side to the other as we follow the street, showing their increasing proximity. Tracking and cuts must be slow. The attack had to be longer, clearer and better blocked. At the moment, the scene has a strong sense of "made for television" and a low budget. After this scene we are moving to the present and the flow of the film is greatly improved. The story has many similarities to The Amitiville Horror (1979), although the budget imposes a much more subtle approach. Millar and screenwriter Toni Morphett effectively create many cunning creepy scenarios, often dramatic in nature instead of special-effect oriented, such as the mysterious man who comes to take away the old iron that was bizarrely attached to the inner wall. . For some fans of horror, the first part of the movie could be a little harder than a realistic drama. At least the first half of an hour's film is primarily about Julie and Peter trying to arrange home financing and then trying to fit in. But Morphet writes a fine, intelligent dialogue. The material is made well enough that it is often as tense as the more traditional thriller aspects that arise later - especially if you have gone through similar troubles while trying to buy your own house. Once they come and when things become weird, although special effects often leave much to be desired, the ideas are good. Performances help create tension. There is no abundance of death and destruction in the film - there are still many nightmares to repair the house. But no danger is not the point. The point is in human relationships. There are many character arches that are very interesting. The house is more like a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can make it ruin and possibly destroy. That this is in a noble neighborhood, and that the relationship between two successful iuppies shows that these problems do not affect only those who can blame some external problems, such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolves from a corporate employee with "normal" work-based friendships towards someone who is more desperate, because he becomes subversive, scheming to achieve something more liberating and meaningful. At the same time, we learn how shally can be professional friendships. Julie goes through a virtually literal nervous breakdown, but ultimately finds liberation when she gets rid of her romantic relationship that collapses. Although 13 Gantry Rov never exceeds its clutter made for television, as a TV movie, this is pretty good with wonderful ambitions. Anyone who loves films with a haunted house, psycho-films or horror-trillers with a little more metaphorical depth, should find a lot to enjoy. It's certainly not worth spending $ 30 for a DVD (that's the price my local PBS station was looking for for a copy of the movie after they showed it (factoring in shipping and handling)), but it's worth renting, which is definitely worth the rental. vorth vatching for free.
