The "Titanic" of James Cameron is essentially a romantic adventure with visual magnitude and magnificence, a timeless, tragic love story set on the backdrop of this great historical event ... It's a stunning movie that illustrates hope, love and humanity ... <br /> <br /> Leonardo DiCaprio is brilliant on the screen with great charisma ... Passing passion, trust, carelessness and imagination, he is a free-minded strayman with artistic pretensions and craving for life ... Kate Winslet is absolutely beautiful because she is a confused teenager of the engagement with a nasty rich man who dives into the depths of despair one night ... Billy Zane is an arrogant racist, insulting and ultra-rich who would lie, cheat, steal, give money or even use an innocent child to escape from defeat ... He preserves the 56-carat blue diamond that is worn by Louis XIV ... Kathi Bates is the legendary unsurpassable Molly Brovn, the richest woman in Denver, which is much less abstained than other fish People are on board ... < br /> Frances Fisheris is an impeccable cold snobbish mother who, deadly fearing to lose her social polo Wear, force your daughter to engage to marry a rich, supreme snob ... Victor Garber is the main shipbuilder, a real life figure who is trying to fix the time, to measure it, in some way , to do it in history ... Jonathan Hide is the White Star president who wants the Titanic to break the transatlantic record in speed, despite the warnings that the glaciers could reach the dangerous northern passage ... <br / > Bill Pakton is an opportunistic underwater explorer looking for a very rare diamond called "Heart ocean ". Gloria Stuart is a 101-year-old woman who discovers a never-before-told love story ... The nightmare, horror, and shock are imprinted on her deep-bent face ... <Tito's Titanic </ i> full-blown photographs and visual images as a snapshot of a shipwreck wreck that was lying motionless on the bottom of the ocean; the incredible transformation of the bow of the sinking "Titanic" leading the theater back to 1912, revealing the pedantically restored interior; the first glimpse of Titanic slowly moved towards its date with fate; Titanic, who left the port in Southampton, and some dolphins look like jumping, running in front of a luxury boat; DeKaprio and Winslet fly on the front line of the ship at a wonderful magical moment; intertwining the past and present while Jack drew Rose on his paper, the camera zoomed close to the young Rose, just to transform his shape into the old eye of Gloria Stuart ... Coolings: Titanic's an inevitable collision with destiny; James Cameron in one of the scariest sequences ever put on film? takes us down with the Titanic, finally leaving us in the icy water, screaming for help that never comes ... The 11 Academy Awards, including the best picture, the "Titanic" of James Cameron is a gigantic epic, in which you do not only watch a movie, you are experiencing it! Visual effects are incredible, like no other movie ... The decoration is overwhelming ... James Horner's music boosts emotions ... A whole movie is hunted and turned on, filled with a wide range of deep feelings ... /> It's really a tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship ...
