I think it's so incredible that even after all these years, we're still talking about this movie! Obviously this film was not bad, otherwise people would not even talk about it. Personally, I enjoyed this film immensely, and I still do it! I suppose this film is not for everyone, but certainly touched the hearts of many. As for those who think that this movie is "overestimated" or "overloaded" ... well, we only thank the audience for the film! lol * You see, they are not authors of CRITICS / articles that make the movie "HUGE" or "HIT" with the general audience in the film. PEOPLE make the movie a great success. With Titanic, everyone was in awe. Let's face it, a movie like this has never been shot before. At least not with the type of special effects needed to really grasp the essence of a ship that actually sinks. This film is so precise that even James Cameron has temped the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the actual sinking of that fateful day in April 1912. Even silver for goodness fell in love! Give this movie a break, guys! Critics thought this film would sink the BIG time! When this film really came out and people started to hear from VORD OF MOUTH (which is THE BEST form of advertising of thoughts) that this was a good / decent / worth watching, then everyone started to return to the theater to see this movie ... not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times or more! So, I really would not say that this movie was "overhiped" ... at least not like building for MATRIKS reloaded or HULK being "overhiped". ha! Critics did not even think that Titanic would make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that was needed to make this mammoth film. However, money from movies has taken care of that 200 million budget and much more! I personally love this movie. However, this movie may not be for everyone. Do not say that this movie is shit for romance only! It's the most sexistic thing I've ever heard! I do not like a movie just because it has romantics! The story was sweet. The dialogue could have been better, but let's face it ... REAL star of the movie was not Leo or Kate ... it was a GIGANTIC ship! I think that all actors, including DiCaprio and Winslet, have done a good job. It's not their best work (I see a lot better than both), but it was not the worst thing I saw on the screen. Give them a break! <br /> <br />
