I avoided watching this movie for the longest time. Long before it was published, I dismissed him as an overly vigorous, exaggerated, overly romantic work of the Hollywood schmaltz, and I did not want to have anything to do with it. I've never seen him in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academic Awards - although I never saw it. Then they asked me to be a judge at a high school public speaking competition. One girl talked about this movie. "It was so great," she said. "You really felt like you were on board." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said: "Maybe you're right, but if she likes the movie, she might want to find out more about the real Titanic." The film must have done something to get interested. " "Well, maybe," I thought. Then he finally appeared on Pai TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll see." I did not want to like it - and I did not. I liked it! Excellent movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First - directing. My competitor in high school was right. James Cameron performs an excellent job of creating an atmosphere that is almost "you there". The joy of life on the most elegant ship in the world. Unreasonableness as the news of the ice santus is spreading first; then a growing feeling of panic. Not only do you watch it; You really feel that. Then - performances. The main performances of Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (like Jack) are great - Winslet is superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girls / poor heroes to the perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, the theft of the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was as perfect as a snob aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and contempt she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - details. I am not an expert in the sinking of the Titanic, but I have reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a great job of reconstructing historical details, and then seamlessly flowing them into a fictional romance. Truly impressive. Then - a poem. Who can watch this movie, and not be recorded with Celine Dion's performance "We Heart Goes On." Problems. Well, romance may have been too fictitious, in the sense that I simply do not accept that Jack could so easily move from rudder to first class. (I know he was called for the first time, but he seems to have continued to enter the first grade without being stopped until he was there for some time.) The reality of the separation of social classes was more realistic, I thought, the travelers who embarked, they were left locked there after the ship hit the iceberg while first-class people enjoyed half-boats for rescue. </> <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> Little fun, though. This is a really great movie. The only thing I regret is that I do not see him in the theater, where I think it would be much more impressive. 9/10
