In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton forbids cloning research, the unlucky death of Princess Diana, Marlins have won the world series and the woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also a great year in the edition of Titanic, one of the greatest movies of all time: the story of a dream car, a boy and girlfriend who falls in love, but are torn apart by their social class and the height of their emotional commitment the ship encounters a catastrophe. I do not think anyone expected the Titanic to be so huge, that the film is bigger than life and has millions of fans, of which 85% are teenagers, then I was 12 years old, and of course I saw it many times. It was a movie that led me to believe that the love Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At that time, I felt that Titanic could not do anything wrong, of course, I was growing up and I did not watch the movie since I was 14 years old, a few years ago I saw on DVD for 5.99 and realized it was a good price and to see what I was thinking about the film right now. Was it worth it? Was it the best film of all time? Was it Leonard's real nose? OK, I know it's stupid to say, but I watched the movie. Totally honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, no, it's just up to your idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic has delivered it in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never let us go on this first trip. The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the RMS Titanic wreck, searching for a necklace with a precious blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, instead, they uncovered a drawing of a young woman lying on the bed, carrying the Heart of the Ocean dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Davson Calvert finds out the drawing, and contact Lovett to inform him that the woman is on the drawing. She and her grandson Elizabeth "Lizzi" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on their lifeboat. Asked if he knew where the necklace was, Rose Calvert recalls his memories of Titanic, revealing for the first time that Rose DeVitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper class 17-year-old Rose embarks on a boat with her fiancé, Cal Hocklei and her mother, Ruth DeVitt Bukater, who both emphasize the importance of Rose's engagement for Cal, since marriage would mean the eradication of Devitt-Bukatera's Debts: they have an outward appearance Higher classes, Rose and her mother are financially ruined. Anxious and frustrated by her engagement at the control Cal and the pressure her mother makes to go through marriage, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before jumping, a strayman and artist named Jack Davson intervened. Jack and Ruž conclude provisional friendship because he thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories about his adventures traveling and sketching; their relationship deepens when they leave a congested first-class gala dinner for the construction of a report for a much more lively gathering of Irish dance, music and beer in the third class. But after Cal's servant informed him of Rose's place of residence, Rose was forbidden to see Jack again. However, after seeing that a teenage girl encourages her seven-year-old daughter to act like a "real lady," Rose defies him and her mother, asking Jack to sketch her leg and carry only the Heart of the Ocean, a gift for flying from Cal. After a good moment together in the first funny back seat, they go on deck. Then there are witnesses of the fatal collision of an iceberg. After hearing the ship's sighting talk about the seriousness of the collision, Rose tells Jack to alert her mother and Cal. In the meantime, Cal reveals that Rose in his safe has drawn a naked draft and her mockery, and he drew Jack to steal the Heart of the Ocean by putting Lovejoi in his Jack Pocket. After learning that she intends to leave Jack to die under the deck, Rose ran away from him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose are returning to the top of the deck. Cal and Jack, although the enemies, both want Rose to be safe, so he is convinced to board a lifeboat. But after she realized she could not leave Jack, Rose returns to the ship and rejoins Jack in the first class of the staircase. Jack and Rose are returning to the upper deck, the rescue boats have left, and the ship finally descends into the freezing Atlantic, taking Jack and Rose down. So is Titanic living up to his hyps? I still say this is a great movie for watching, I think there were and still there are many haters who, for some reason, want to destroy the film because it won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with the movie. But he has great acting, incredible effects, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you must admit that this movie did not get a lot of hypotheses just because Leo's kid's face or Kate's incredible ability to cry in sight, this movie is something special. He will always take a special place in my heart, and I saw that I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was published. But all this, I recommend this film, it is great and it will surely one day fall into the classics. 10/10
