Titanic, directed by James Cameron, is a fictitious love story about the historic environment of the Titanic. The action is simple, uncomplicated, or not for those who like complications that turn around and turn around and keep you uncertain. The end of the movie can be understood in a few minutes from the beginning of the film, but a love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is beautiful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady cheated by Cal (Billy Zane). Early on the journey, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-class artist on the road to America after winning a ticket in Titanic in the poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the higher classes who are so concerned about their social worries. The two fall in love, and the audience sees the sinking of Titanic primarily with their eyes. The film begins in modern times by exploring the wreck group searching for mildew, which has been sunk by Titanic, which has recently taken place. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeVitt Bukater, who heard of the wreckage on television and flew to the search boat, talks about what he remembers to help with the search. She gets the opportunity to tell her memories of the only trip to the Titanic. That's where the scene moves to Southhampton, Ireland, from where Titanic sailed from April 10, 1912, while all passengers board. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic went to see on his first trip across the Atlantic that led him to New York. Historically, the first few days of travel have gone smoothly, but the fictitious story of the story has been developed at this time as Rose sees the hopeless trap of engagement in the rich Cal Hocklei and falls in love with third-class travelers, Jack Davson. Captain Smith is, as shown in the film, ordered by the CEO of the Wake Star Line to increase the speed of the boat so that they create news headlines and gain additional publicity by reaching Nevork on Thursday evening, rather than on Friday morning. Smith then ordered a fateful decision against his thirty-two years of experience to keep Titanic's legs at full speed. Titanic reported that waters in the Atlantic in which they were sailing were full of ice floes, but ignored these warnings and continued at full speed as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912, at 11:39, an iceberg was observed. They tried to turn off the engines and turn the boat off the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the right as shown in the movie. Showing many small holes in the side of the ship and no major cuts on the page are incorrect. Titanic's crew sent out calls for help and released rockets in trouble as shown by 2:18 when the lights finally broke down. The lights of California were spotted six miles away, but they failed to understand what was happening and did not respond to Titan's many requests for help. Earlier that day, California tried to warn Titanic of the fierce ice that led them to stop their journey, but Titanic drove them away, making California turn off radio and leave the Titanic. The first women and first-class children were portrayed as being put into twenty lifeboats that were on board. Most of the third-class passengers suffered most of the deaths of any class, and the crew was also heavily affected by this tragedy. The words of White Star employees and first-class passengers believed in the second and third grade passengers when the authorities were trying to get information about snooze. Also, the metal used to build the Titanic has been found in the last few years under conditions of severe cold, which experienced the night Titanic sank to be extremely fragile. All in all, the basic action is very precise in the portal of events and the times in which these events took place on Titanic. Many characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the movie or as composite characters to present possible characteristics and ideas of people on board. The core of the Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's mothers were fictional characters added to the story because they represent different groups of people from that time. However, many characters such as Unbreakable Molly Brovn; Captain Edward Smith; designer of the ship, Thomas Andrev; representative of line Vhite Star, Bruce Ismai; and all Titanic officers were real. The first trip will be Captain Edward Smith's last trip, as he planned to retire. It was part of the White Star line from 1880, where he progressed to the status of captain of the millionaire when the Titanic sank. Portraits of the officers are correct, as only four survived the tragedy, except the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his pistol. He noted that he heroically behaved and was mistakenly expressed to the extent that James Cameron apologized and summoned a monument in his honor in the former Canadian hometown. As shown in the film, there was a lingering problem between the crew and many lower-class passengers from non-English speaking countries. In addition, Officer Love was the only officer who returned to the rescue boat as shown. The old people who appeared in their bed while the water came into their room were based on Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband's side, Mrs. Strauss refused to enter the boat and died with her husband on Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim, who showed that a sip of cognac and smoked a cigar, apparently came out dressed as best he could. However, the richest man on board, John Jacob Astor, who owned the majority of Manhattan, died, but his much younger wife was saved in the rescue boat. In addition, Molly Brovn was saved and later medals were made for the Carpethia crew who chose the surviving Titanic from the water. Her card on Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars, and by the end of her life she ended up in a burglary. All the inland parts of the ship were masterfully replaced to the last pieces of porcelain and silverware. The gymnasium, which is barely seen, was perfectly reconstructed with all the machines that were reproduced to suit those on old photos. Beautiful clothes and costumes were a great reconstruction of the post-Victorian era in 1912. The wealthy at that time practically ruled everything because the women's rights movement has not yet been fully launched. Women at that time often succumbed to financial security, as Rose thought she was working, and she usually took the status of returnees to her wives, as Cal wanted Rose to do. The rich did not accept the "new money" well, as shown in Molly Brovn. It was very formal all the time. Women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure as seen in dinner scenes. Smoking was not common among women of that time, but cigarette holders, who had just arrived at that time, were used as seen in Rose. People of that time mostly smoked cigars, not cigarettes. Women are physically created with their corsets and socially. Although James Cameron did not have a background in historical films that he brought to Titanic experts, along with two years of cross-referencing the history of the Titanic and several freedoms were taken over. Beautiful cinema and special effects also helped make the film even more amazing. You can find a recognizable message in Titanic because people on board had about three hours to think about their death. The director, James Cameron, shows various reactions to this time of crisis in people's lives. Everybody responds differently and he tells you to think how you reacted that you were in that situation on Titanic and that fateful night. In addition, this film reflects the nineties when it emerged as if giving a glimpse of the Titanic's wreckage. It was only in the last fifteen years that the actual Titanic was found and explored. This film gave us a deeper insight into the catastrophe that many have not seen. However, a moral question arises as to whether people today need to take treasure from the underwater cemetery wrecks. There were attempts to stop the quest for treasure as it was shown in Titanic, but they all failed. As it stands today, everyone can go to Titanic and take all the valuables that are shown in the film, showing the general values ​​of our time about it. Technically, the film is very well made. To record wrecks at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to get all the film needed. In addition, a special camera had to be designed to withstand intense pressure on the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go as far as possible to Titanic, just as anyone in the 88 years since the ship sank, but realized that this enabled a unique perspective of the ship. Moreover, during the entire film, he fades and leaves the Titanic wreck on the Titanic scene during his current trip. This shift between the modern scene in the past scene during the trip acts as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to track. At the very beginning of the film, recreation in September is used to reconstruct the scene when real people left the European coastline on Titanic, giving it a difference from other events in the film. as a historical biography and as an artwork, a real ep. Like most historical novels, we know the end, but it does not take away the wonderful treats that can be found in this picture. Certain aspects of this film include Oscar material including costume, sound, cynthmography and editing. If you love interesting characters that will give you insights into the lives of characters in the early 1900s and how they face a disaster, then this film is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
