From time to time, the conversation will turn into "favorite movies". I'll mention the Titanic, and at least a couple of people will laugh. I do not pay attention to them, because I know that five years ago these same people were pushed to tears precisely by that movie. And now they are too shameful to admit it. I just changed Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expecting to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to discover that the film had not lost its power over the past five years. I cried again ... in all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember that a movie that no one thought would break up became the most popular film of all time. A film that enters public consciousness like no other movie that can be remembered (yes, even more than Star Wars). Even today, many do not admit that they enjoyed it. People, let's clarify something - you do not look cool when you break this movie. You look like a cinder without a touch. No film is perfect and this one has several mistakes. Some of the dialogues are falling, and some plots surrounded by two lovers come a bit tidy. However, none of this is so much disturbing that it destroys the film. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are lovely. Leo is one of the finest actors of his generation. Wait till you see him in the New York gangs before you call him a nice boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this movie. The film was really her, and she kept it nice. James Cameron managed to do what many believed was impossible to transform a fully credible Titanic. The sinking scenes were terrible, just like those nights. How can one say that the effects are bad, that's beyond me. I was extremely caught up. This film is an unforgettable scene for another. Titanic from the port of Southampton. Rose and Jack on the bow, "flying." "Iceberg, right in front!" Screws incredibly out of the ocean. The cries of the convicts after she descended. And that end, which even the most powerful man in the theater has brought to tears. Music, which was also a victim of film success, was a key ingredient. The result of James Horner is simply perfect. And the topic of love was beautiful and tragic. Too bad that Celine Dion's pop song had to ruin this great piece of music for so much. I admit, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I enjoyed seeing a boat that we never saw - in its beauty. Perhaps I looked at the sink more than some because I was so interested in the boat. However, I doubt that many of those I've seen cried were Titanic fans. I applaud Cameron to bring this story to the masses in a way that has never humiliated the tragedy. The film was shot with such humanity. The second reviewer said it was better than I ever could: Open your heart Titanic and you will not be disappointed.
