The Anime that attracted me to the anime ... Set up in 2010 (hey, it's not far away!) The country is now the poison gas of the ravages of pollution and violence. Seeing how the crimes are going on for 30 seconds, the same is done by thieves who have the firepower of third world terrorists, the government of the fictitious city of New City is forming a tank police to deal with the problem - police with tanks! Oh, madness! The "heroes" of this series include a new recruiter Leon Ozaki, a redhead Japanese (I know, they never match their distinctly Japanese names with a Japanese appearance) who have just been admitted to the police unit and are quickly associate with blue, blue eyes, good boy Al. Leona is new to the use of tanks, and unfortunately she destroys the favorite tanks of Charles Tank Police Tank (also known as "Brenten"), a big guy who looks like Tom Selleck on steroids and a sporty pair of glasses, a big revolver and a bad temper. Britain did not like Leona joining the Tank Police, and her destruction of the Tiger Special (a giant green monster tank) is not very pleased with her, nor does she like to take the remains of his huge tank. and using it to build a mini-tank that overburdened Bonaparte and soon tries to transfer it to the welfare of a child "where boys are more of your size," he says. There are also Specs, Bifocal Genius, Bible Quotes / God fears the Chaplain, the purple Mohican, and the boss, who is right on the edge thanks to the mayor who always shouts at him for the antiquity of the Tank Police. Seeing how tankers often destroy half the city as they go bad guys and use extreme violence to capture them, people do not like them. "Zlikovci" are cyborgs named Buaku, which has a mysterious past that is associated with a project known as "Green Peace", its gang and its two sexy cat cyborgs Anna and Uni Puma. In the first phase, the guys were paid to steal urinary samples from a hospital treating people who were not infected with clouds of toxic gases, and in the second they were hired to steal a picture of a naked Buak. The story, however, was unfinished in anime and ended up in a cult comic book ("Manga") which is hard to find. In this black comedy venture there are all kinds of chaos and disorder. who investigates how far people want their police to go to catch criminals and what happens when a thin line between good and bad guys begins to blur. This is the kind of thing that if you made a movie, you better go to Kuentin Tarantin. Uneven in places, but still fun. Following is "New Dominion: Tank Police".
