SLON HIKE may not be the highlight of literature or film, but it's a great game in quasi-melodramatic mode. It is a story of love, true and illicit, as well as excessive ambition, dedication and arrogance of personal tyranny. The previous reviewer, John Mankin, raises the question of why the central focus of the movie, a villa called the Elephant Walk, was to be built by the former owner, "governor" of the late Thomas William, through the traditional elephant road to the main source of water, the river. To miss this point means that in essence we miss the point of the entire center of the film: human sweating. That his son, played by Peter Finch, should be fascinated by the super-image and enigma of his respected father, is not unexpected, since the son is without a mother who grew up in a foreign jungle with only his father and scared boys 'club' as his role model. The point was that he was a man who made himself and who would tame nature, and it was not just plantation of tea in the countries where the elephants had once dominated, but also dominated by even elephant elephants. who led the herd, and thus dominated his son and everywhere around him, and so we joined the story after elephants were denied a key dry approach to their way to water. Who can know that this dry season will last so long and what would the elephants do in desperation to get water? This is the link of the film: what animals will do to get water; What will people do to get power or love? Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is a huge island on the coast of India, where the plantation is located and quickly finds out that it is the real scene of the story, and not just the costs of Mrs. Tailor. If there was not this exotic location (much of the film was shot at Ceylan), and the magnificent "bungalow" would be just another potoiler. It is necessary to recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, as it illuminates the wealth and power of the last day that the English conquerors of immigrants who were an integral part of the British paradise have achieved. Only such wealth obtained through the use of virtual slave labor can build such a magnificent residence of ebony, teak and marble. We should not ignore the beautifully carved Jalees (the work window of the grid and the front door), which was clearly determined by the art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira are obviously made from cheaper workforce on the island. Such a mastery reveals the attention devoted to the details that these people sought. For those who are immune to the blessings of time, places and architecture, there is always the attraction of Miss Tailor, because marrying a man does not really know and tacitly coax the other man, in the background described, and under a comprehensive tyranny the legacy of a deceased man. As I said, it's not great literature, nor a great movie, but it's a great spectacle long before that term is canceled by the extravagances of the special effects of today. This is one of those movies seen on the big screen of an external drive, not on home TV, by editing the biggest screen to spot it to fully appreciate its fine work and scope cameras.
