'OffOn' Scott Bartlett is nine minutes of pure insanity. It is a full frontal attack of psychedelic, pulsating, flashing lights and colors that cause epilepsy, and the first true linkage of movie and video to avant-garde cinema. There's no story to tell, but does Bartlett use pictures of nature? especially the human face and shape? to provoke a series of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into a high-industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents a blend of humanity with its tools, its machinery, technology. This topic loosely connects to the HAL9000 subset in Stanley Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), and, indeed, Bartlett's initial sequence of images ?? blinking colors before the big blind of the human eye? he remembers Dave Bovman's journey through the Doors. Visual images are richly colored, they face a sharp, colorful photo and an ever grainy video, as if we are sitting too close to the television screen {actually, the end product is taken from a TV monitor}. It seems there is some confusion about the date of the release of the film. IMDb lists the film as a 1972 edition, but the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation give it 1968 as the right year. Perhaps this difference reflects the time between the end of the film and its first public projection. In any case, they are visually visible ahead of their time, occasionally recalling the 1980s music scene, and some fast techno music would not crash! 'OffOn' captures grainy, fragmented images, showing life from the distorted perspective of a computer that processes too much information. I had a thought? and do not laugh at this interpretation of free thinking? that alien civilization that receives television signals on Earth could very well receive such unconnected, extraterrestrial documentation of human life, bizarrely mounting only vaguely known images that could in no way be meaningful. Perhaps it is a place where humanity, with all its technology, finally goes towards irreversible merging of film and video, purity and art.
