"Ardh Satia" is one of the best movies ever made in Indian cinema. Directed by great director Govinda Nihalani, this is the most successful Hard Hitting Parallel Cinema, which has also proved to be a commercial success. Even today, Ardh Satia is an inspiration for all the leading directors of India. The film talks about the real scenario of Mumbai police in the 70's. Unlike any police in other cities of India, police in Mumbai fully cover another system. Govind Nihalani creates a very practical outlay with a real-life approach to the Mumbai police environment. Among various police officers and colleagues, the film describes the story of Anand Velankar, a young hot-blooded cop from a poor family. His father is a rough cop. Sam Anand himself suffers from his father's ideologies and incidents of his father's crime on his mother. Anand's approach to direct action against crime is an inert desire for his own satisfaction with work. The film turns to Plot here in which Anand's constant efforts against crime are being watched by his elderly. This leads to frustration, because it can not achieve the desired job satisfaction. As a result of frustration, his anger is expressed in excessive violence in detention facilities and bars, turning him into an alcoholic. He is familiar with the metro system, where the police and politicians are inertly connected to a distant place. His compromise on non-ethical practice is negative. In the end it is suspended. The direction is a master and a thorough hard core. One of the best scenes was when Anand broke into the house of gangster Rama Shetti from Undervorld to arrest him, followed by a brief conversation that was fantastic. In many scenes, the film has moments for raising hair. Practical Access Script is a Great Punch. Alcoholism, corruption, political influence, courage, fraud are still an integral part of Mumbai police. These aspects are resolved brilliantly. Finally, the films belong to the One Man show, Om Puri shows Ananda Velankara, who brilliantly passed through all his emotions.
