Directed by Govinda Nihalani, this is the definitive cop of Indian film. It can be the first to show the sharp reality of corruption in the police and politics without stagnation and how it affects a young policeman. A man who is forced to join the career of a policeman from his father's officer. I agree that we have grown up watching many good policemen / bad Hindi filmmakers, but this is different. Today's generation, who grew up looking dark and realistic films such as - 'Satia', 'Company', can be considered as an inferior product in comparison, but look at the time of its creation. The film was made absolutely free of tone at a time when people did not pay much attention to such a type of film, and yet became the most sought-after police movie in the class and the mass audience when it was released. Om Puri was the first breakthrough in the mainstream Hindu Cinema and performed a class performance as Inspector Velankar. He is more than a panduric character, he has internalized many of his original roles. Watch his scenes with his father he hates and Smit whom he likes. Smith Patil maintained the dignity of her character to the expected level. My God, what kind of natural expressions she was wearing !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me, and he is a brilliant art actor if he gets a chance and in some scenes he even outsmarted Om. The film is also the debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetti'. Another story is that he did not get such a meat role and is today almost forgotten as one of the vocal negatives of Dharmendra B films. Look at the scene that Om is the first to become a rebel against his father (played by Amrish Puri) and the next both share the wine together. As the inner truth began to reveal and character with opposing the feeling of love and hatred towards each other. Two faces of the Indian police force - masculinity and impotence, and between lies - half truth (ardh satia)? The film won 2 national awards as the best Hindi feature film and the best actor - Om Puri & 3 Filmfare awards for best film, best direction and best supporting categories. It is recommended to everyone who is interested in nostalgia for serious movies in Hindi. Ratings - 8/10
