I loved this movie. Not discouraging the admirer Ed Vood Jr., I prefer to appreciate his "unlimited enthusiasm" and acknowledge his shortcomings. His films are fun, but his personal story is painful. I was hoping, and I was thrilled to discover that this film will be about understanding his tumultuous life, instead of just bothering him with posthumous praise. From the beginning to the end, this film goes from documentary to mythology, leaving actors and viewers unexpectedly connected with each other and with Ed Voodoo Jr. What we get are people who knew Ed Vood. it's best to talk about him from all perspectives, positive and negative, and show us his character the same as Edo. We get an insight into Ed's personal and professional life: from his romance, to his drinking, to his sexuality, to his friend, to his enemies, and even to his creation of a film. Film recording was shot in a low-budget mode that seemed to be done out of respect for Edu, as if the use of the techniques of most of theatrally published films from 1996 was disrespect (as if we were wearing a more comfortable suit than the president). The scenographer uses a sense of humor, but also a lot of insights when comparing each head member with their background. The fans will be excited when they hear personal testimonies about the controversies of Ed Vood, and the new one will be amazed that this man was real. DVD is full of impossible to find gems ("Crossroads of Lorado" and photo galleries), but the real treasure of this film is a surprisingly interesting and interconnected story. Ed Vood had the habit of defining people through their socializing with him (better or worse), to the point where a woman would enter history as a "Pool Owner" because once he allowed him and his friends to be baptized in her pool. This ability to define the heritage of a person comes universally because the most unlikely effect of the film is not only to give a well-rounded idea of ​​the man who was Ed Vood Jr., but also to provide a comprehensive view of the community that he was created. Somehow, without interviewing one member on the screen at once, the relationship Ed Vood created among different people in his life becomes clear, and the viewer stays with a great sense of involvement. Even the title suggests the B-list horror genre, but to the end we see this as well. What begins as unconnected stories of random people ends with the conclusion that all actors will always be wrapped in an unpredictable cohesive fabric that will bring history together with Vood's legend. In many ways, live contradiction, Ed Vood Jr. he could not summarize one view. This collaborative effort is closest to knowing him that we can ever get. Since it is an inherent theme, it is at the same time honest, provocative, thoughtful, attractive, fun, sad, kind, and fulfilling.
