The Shinjuku Society of Triads, though perfect, is a fiercely appealing film for what it seeks to portray in its uber-conventional sphere. It's a picture of the jackpots / triads, which involves policemen versus Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title says), but even in their first technical debut, Takashi Miike already establishes many aspects of the films it would make Social issues such as trafficking in the black market of precious goods, in this case human organs, usually of children; nostalgia for childhood and one's roots, which was particularly pronounced in dead or alive 2; the temptation of taboo like gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; Violence in the blood. It's certainly not as unreal as some of Miike's latest movies, but this is expected while trying out things that are just beginning to learn, following the previous results on the developers. It has all these qualities, and also, like the films to follow, equally wild and honest, crazy (in places) and anchors in its drama, and firm for fans of the genre. The story refers to two brothers, a Chinese orphan who grew up in Japan, Tatsuhita Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, pretty decent as a hero against the hero / hero), who became a detective, and the other, who became a gangster, or would-be-one. The main band that probably took over the download band comes from Vang (the definitive punishment for what the gang represents during his free time, played by Tomorov Taguchi as a typical lunatic with real fear in his eyes), and his partner Karina (Takeshi Cezar, which threatens not even when they simply repeat the orders over and over again to the woman who just dug her eyes after sour work), who are ruthless to appear almost organically in the Miike film. There are some intrigues about the gangster organ trafficking system, which Kirii almost becomes a victim, and the gang's tendency to gay sex - at least with a little puppet who does what the main gangsters want. All this leads to revenge and redemption, the qualities that Miike and his writer try to imitate from Shakespeare (hence Macbeth little with Vang washing his bloody veins over and over again after some gay sex saying "will not turn out"). If this does not coincide with the same emotional level of influence that would have a great performance by Shakespeare, it's a couple for this movie. Miike's goals are satisfied, although they are only fulfilled, in his small ambitions: a gangster painting with some additional level of severe family problems (the main tension between brothers comes from profession and duty toward parents), notes of the crude aspects of crime from the underworld, and what is the field of inferior sex, with both sexes, psychologically leads to the characters. At the same time, the Triad Society of Shinjuku also has more than a few moments of classical harsh black comedy from the Miike opus. Some of this should be taken only with the grain of salt for what the director does in his unheard of behavior, such as at the beginning, when the chair breaks over the face, or the coincidence of "questioning" because it enters a very twisted area. Even a young sex slave began to laugh at the end of one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr. Veeni-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough here to make a movie with a full-blown dark comedy such as Ichi or, of course, the Visitor K, but it's enough to bring the lightness to the darker aspects of the stories and characters. /> As the first listing of the trilogy "Black Societe", as it is called, I was impressed, and this is a fine quasi-calling card of one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
