I'm not entirely sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "master" in the genre of horror because he had previously directed a horror movie called "Vrong Turn" and that was actually just a little above the central, but the fact is that he made the "Right to Die "one of the best and weirdest episodes of the entire second season of the Masters of Horror franchise. In the first season, a similar story happened when Villiam Malone made the best episodes of "The Fair Haired Child", although his other long-featured films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" were pretty bad. The "Right-to-Life" story cleverly chooses today's debate about the social debate about euthanasia, but, fortunately, there are also many old-fashioned horror topics such as vicious revenge, murder plot, black humor and comic strip violence. As one evening they drive home and talk about the husband's continued adultery, the couple Addison is involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff leaves the wreckage unharmed, but his wife Abbi is completely burned and needs to be kept artificially. While Cliff and his dumb lawyer (Corbin Bernsen from the Dentist) want to involve and sue the car's designer, Abbey's mother is organizing a massive media campaign to keep her daughter alive as vegetables and blame everything on Cliff. In the meantime Abbey's spirit of hatred returns to vengeance and kills someone in Cliff's neighborhood whenever he has an almost fatal experience with medical means. After several casualties, Cliff understands that it would be safer for him to keep his wife if he wants to stay alive. "Right to Die" is a huge episode and it's exactly the kind of thing I've always hoped to see from the concept of the TV series as "Masters of Horror". It is violent and bloody with a sick and distorted sense of humor and piles of slease sequences. The theme of euthanasia and the entire compulsory media circus surrounding it are well addressed in the script, but without unnecessary return to political attitudes or lessons on morality. The atmosphere is uncertain, and the sequence of killing is appropriately nasty and disturbing. Both the actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sidney have a nice face and imposing stretcher carriers, which is always welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen finally offered a chance to re-display the brazen and ego-centered bastard. Big episode of "MoH"; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
