Stargate SG-1 monitors and extends Egyptian mythologies presented in the Star Gate. In the Stargate universe, people are trapped and transported to habitable planets by Goa'uld like Ra and Apophis. For millennia, Goa'ulds have been collecting humanity, strongly influencing and spreading human cultures. As a result, Earth's cultures, such as those of Aztec, Maya, Britons, Norse, Mongols, Greeks and Romans, are found across the well-known planets of the galaxy. Many famous mythological sites such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis have been found, or have existed. Currently, the Star Gate (found at a digging site near Giza 1928) is located in a secret US military base known as SGC (Stargate Command) below the Cheienne Mountain. Colonel Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr Daniel Jackson (Shanks), cap. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (judge) compile the original SG-1 team (several characters join and / or leave the team in subsequent seasons). Together with 24 SG teams, they go to distant planets exploring the galaxy and seeking a defense from the Goa'uld, in the form of technology and alliance with friendly advanced races. Use advanced technology to represent themselves as Egyptian gods and are prone to galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, Goa'ulds are the primary antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent, merciless snake-like alien parasites capable of attacking and controlling bodies of other species, including humans. The original enemy of this race was the Lord of the Apophis System (Peter Villiams). Other system lords, such as Baal and Anubis, play key roles in later seasons. In the ninth season, a new criminal appears, Ori. The Ori are advanced creatures with inconceivable technology from another galaxy, which are also more inclined to galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Orie follows a deviation from the primary focus on Egyptian mythology on the study of Arthurian mythology surrounding the Oriah, their followers and their enemies of the Ancients.
