Masters of Horror: The right to die starts late one night while the couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, but as he speaks, Cliff gets jammed and collapses into the tree that fell across the road. Cliff's airbags work fine and goes with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby, and did not end up like a toast when thrown out of the car and soaked with petrol that burned the whole body. Abbi's life is saved. She was taken to a hospital where life support was seriously injured and terribly disfigured from burns. Cliff decides to die, his self-appointed lawyer, Ira (Corbin Bersen), thinks that we should let Abby die, sue the carmaker and enrich himself, while Abina Mama Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, enrich and save Abbi. However, Abby also has other plans ... This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only film about the horror was earlier Vrong Turn (2003), which he hardly qualifies him to Episode 9 from Season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series, while I did not think Right to Die was the best Masters of Horror episodes I've seen all the time and are still not approaching it to be as bad as The Screvfli Solution (2006). John Espozita has a neat central idea that is not anything new, but it is used efficiently enough even though said that it is a little uneven, the first 15 minutes focuses on the horror element of the story, but then it goes into silence for 20 minutes, as it becomes a drama like the marriage of Abby's life and Cliff affair takes place in the spotlight before which returns to the path. The characters are a little cliché, a weak man, a bended lawyer, a protective mom and a young whore having sex to get what he wants, but they all serve their purpose well enough, the dialogue is fine, the story is moving at a good pace and overall I loved the right to die, except for a few minutes here and that of which loses focus, and I was not so interested in the ambiguous ending. Director Schmidt works well and there are some effective scenes, this is trying to change between the low key atmosphere and the boiling blood. There are some fantastic effects of makeup as usual, there are Abby pictures where all the skin burns out of the body, and the image of her wound head with teeth that show her because there are no left lips is quite rough (picture & make-up effects that are remind me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and his sequels), then there's the main dish at the end where Cliff literally removes someone completely with large scalpel plans that separate the skin and he loves his muscles and puts him in a cooler box! Very messy. There are also different parts of the body. There is also a nudity with at least a couple of nice lady who is naked ... The technical right to die is great, the special effects are brilliant and as most Masters of Horror episodes do not look like cheap TV shows that It's basically true if it's true. The acting was good, but there are no big names in this. Right to die is another cozy and somewhat weird Masters of Horror episodes that most horror fans definitely need to check if not only because of the brilliant. skinning scene! It's worth watching ... for those with stomach.
