The man and his wife are in a terrible traffic accident. When a woman stays in a permanent vegetative state, a man must choose between withdrawing the plug and letting her live. The decision is even more difficult when she realizes that her spirit wants to take revenge on him and those around him. This comes from the director Rob Schmitt, who recorded "Vrong Turn" (a film I have not seen). With only one horror film under his belt, and not particularly notorious, I hesitated to watch this episode, expecting Schmidt to be "Master of Horror" only in the most liberal way. My apology for the underestimation. From Episode 10 to Season 13 episode, this has been the best. The issue of "right to die" deals with and covers sufficiently detailed to be a solid device. However, this is only the basis on which the story turns. When horror elements appear, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great acting, great plot, great dialogue, great uncertainty. I was crawling a little in time (which is good) and most of all: it's up in extreme abundance! I read the review of this episode before I watched it, where the reviewer said there was a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this one. Through the first part of the show I had no idea what they were talking about. Then a little later, when some of the pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, in no way do I want to say that it takes away the film. I do not see another way to create the effect that has been created, and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". Some entangled scenes appear later, and I can invite the viewer to give the movie a second look. I did not look at him for the second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense that I have (not that it is confusing). Subplot with dental hygienists is also nice, and I found myself going back and forth about whether I do not like the main character of his relationship with her or if I feel bad for him. He's a bit anti-hero for the whole story, if you want. I feel inclined to cheer him as a protagonist, but he is completely irresistible. While the episode of Stuart Gordon may be better and I am excited about the episode of the "Washingtonians", I think I could certainly bet that this is a key episode of the season and the far-reaching grace of what was otherwise unusual and routine. When legends like John Carpenter let me down (again), I'm a little worried about the future of the genre, but then a new face appears, like Rob Schmidt, and gives me hope. This is the guard, and maybe you should return Schmidt for Season 3!
