Fans of the HBO series "The Stories of the Crypt" love this MOH episode. Those who know the basic archetypal stories on which most of the classic EC comics are based, will recognize this immediately. The inadequate indie favorite Martin Donovan (also an excellent writer - co-author of the scenario for APARTMENT ZERO and DEATH BECAME IT) is a type whose good looks can go. He could play very well if he misunderstood the guy, or he could play the same role with the damaging subtleties of corrosive laziness. In the case of RIGHT TO DIMMER, he takes another approach, and he definitely does. Donovan is a doctor who recently had an affair with his slick receptionist Robin Sidnei. the dissatisfaction of his relentless wife Abbei (Julia Anderson). When the two of them get involved in a terrible traffic accident as they return from an unsuccessful weekend of "inventing", and she is awfully burning in a fire, he reluctantly withdraws, not without enthusiastic pushing out of his even thinner. lawyer and best friend (Corbin Bernsen, who looked worse for wearing these days.) But Abbey was never a person who gave up without a fight, and there comes the EC theme of this episode. Male cousins ​​- and women - have always been the favorite theme of genre for some spooky (and OOKI) supernatural sheranigans, and this case is definitely no exception. If anything, the excessive quotient of sex and up must somewhere Bill Gaines cocktail with joy in his mausoleum. tvist. You do not understand it as if you're looking at only half the story, until the end ... (think WHAT LIES with more intestines and gazonges, and there you are.) It's not a bad effort, but not the best. At least Rob Schmidt displays and touches the shade here and there with direction, especially in a scene that makes sending messages with a mobile phone really a daunting experience! As with most episodes of the MOH, this follows the predominant topic of this year of torture and disconnection, so it should not be applied extensively.
