It's amazing that from a good, though not a wonderful, movie made in the early nineties, a whole franchise can grow. 'Stargate; SG1 is, without a doubt, a worthy addition to the genre of science fiction and has the right to stand side by side with Star Trek as the kings of science fiction. Following from the feature film "Stargate" in 1994, this series sees the Stargate Command (military / scientific organization) that realized that the star gate system can be used to travel to different planets throughout the galaxy and further , and the army sets up a number of research teams. SG1 is one such team, led by military veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes the archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, the military scientist of Captain Samantha Carter and alien Teal'c, who betrayed his leaders in the hope of freeing one's own people one day. The country quickly makes up the enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses people as hosts and considers it to be equal to the gods. The great actor has a lot to congratulate for this show life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can move from boyfriend to deadly in blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings the heart and will of steel to the character, who grew out of his wide eyes into darker and stubborn as the show progressed. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, perfected the balance between showing the femininity of her character without the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher's judge is excellent as an aloof Teal'c, who is able to subtly display the emotions of the character. And Don Davis is as perfect as a respected General Hammond who leads with a good balance of honesty and firmness. Almost all episodes are included and displayed with intelligence, reflecting on moral dilemmas, as well as friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often presented by arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Visiting characters are well displayed, and stories are treated in a way that does not look at viewers. SG1 also features humor, from O'Neill's sages to episodes that are just wacky and weird! SG1 has everything from action to drama to romance to uncertainty to the heartbreaking scenes of death. It's not just an excellent science-fiction show, it's also a great performance.
