I would give this film several stars, simply because it was the "Lifetime" presentation shot at the site that was featured in the story - here, New York City. Most of all on this channel, are there "set" there, in rural Iowa, Oregon, Virginia, Los Angeles, etc. Recorded in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto or some other Canadian site. But if there has ever been one that deserves the highest grade - 10 * on this site, it's this movie. Certainly not for originality, because this story has been done many times, in many variations, and a few are very similar to this particular one. It's also pretty often on the big screen, with mega-stars, past and present, from Cari Grant, James Garner, Harrison Ford, Tom Hanks, and others - Deborah Kerr, Doris Dai, Meg Rian and many more. I can remember at least 10-12, also prominent, past to present, from the top of my head, which could now be added, and there are probably many more that could be mentioned in the mind. I do not dare, but the point is, in my opinion, this is by far one of the best in this genre that I saw. I accidentally caught him by mid-Friday, at the time I had a television just because I took a few hours after a particularly stressful week. I would never run this movie in eight years since it was made. And while these two traces did enough to know the majority, they were completely unfamiliar to me. The only two actors I knew were Phillis Nevman (Anna's mother) that I saw in some things from her younger days, and Michael Rispoli (Henry, Charlie's best friend) who was remarkable as "Gramma", threatening the juice loan, Heavy, type from "Rounders". The random connection and the connection of both the best friends, as a romantic sub-story, with the correlation of their existence with Anne and Charlie, were discovered only later, it is often done that draws this knowledge into the genre, but there is no difference in the enjoyment here (in fact, it improves). By checking some other comments, I completely agree with those who are most positive. The primary word that describes this film is ENGAGING, in caps. This adjective describes the performers; characters; chemistry between and among all the characters, in any combination that is presented, and all supporting, and even less, roles. I love movies with "hard edges", "rounders"; eskapist Schvarzenegger / Stallone fare; "Goodfellovs;" even classics such as "Casablanca", "Spill with the Wind", "Citizen Kane." But for pure, simple enjoyment, this was extraordinary. With a fraction of their budgets, this was the same as the results achieved by "I Got Got Mail" and "Sleepless in Seattle". And Tom Hanks and Meg Rian could not better than Natasha Henstridge and Michael Vartan; Co-stars and support staff were equal to those in these mega-movies.
