I took a leaflet in renting this movie, but I have to say, it was very, very good. On all fronts: screenplay, actor, director, photography and high production values, etc. It proves that Eva Longoria Parker is head and shoulders in rom / com above bad actors like Kate Hudson and Jennifer Aniston, who call it acting. Parker and Isla Fisher are in the class of themselves in this respect and should try to withstand projects that are better than "Over The Dead Bodies". Lake Bel is also great, and this is the first time I've seen it. And finally, Paul Rudd shines in a really good movie, rather than in smaller films. Such a film never gets its debts from the men of close minds. A pity. As other IMDb reviewers have noticed here, there's nothing lame in this gem - not a hack writing or acting. And her display of contemporary L.A. and California, in general, makes every scene look bright, beautiful, clean and otherwise extraordinary. Never before did the movie work so well. Ah, what a little talent and a lot of worry can do for the movie. I will not discover the plot, but as a long-standing and stubborn atheist, I was willing to suspend. disbelief and buy in a supernatural theme to enjoy a great and carefree party of fun. It reminds me of old movies "Topper", which were so favorable. This film exhibits popular, but otherwise hacked movies like "Ghost" for central and excessively sentimental shit are. We already know that public taste relies heavily on the central. However, some of us are praising truly genuine ones. If you enjoy other coveted jewelry such as "Into the Night" with Michelle Pfeiffer, Jeff Goldblum and Clu Gulager, "Blind Date" with Bruce Villis and Kim Basinger, "American Dreamer" with JoBeth Villiams, "Chances Are" with Robert Dovey Jr., Christopher McDonald and Cibil Sheppard, "Making Mr. Right" with John Malkovich, etc. Outstanding work everywhere around (even if it's kind of hard to believe a real guy can pretend to be gay for more than five years.) But even this device does not diminish the movie of excellence.
