RUMORS is an unforgettable entry into the war series of instructional cartoons featuring "Private Snafu". The films were directed to soldiers and were directed, animated and recorded by some of the best talents from Varner Bros.. 'Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. Unbelievable Mel Blanc gave voice to Snaf, and stories and stories for many films were delivered by Theodor Geisel, Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey the basic concepts with humor and colorful images, using the character of Snafu as a perfectly negative example: he was a drug, a little guinea pig who would do anything he should not have done. According to Chuck Jones, the letters had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but the army also allowed the animators an unusual amount of freedom in language and jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of that time would allow - for the greater good, of course. As the title suggests, this caricature is an illustration of the harmful power of rumors. The setting is a military camp. Private Snafu sits next to another soldier in the toilet (something you will not see in any other Hollywood movie from that time) and their non-compulsory conversation starts to work. We are seen as the wrong remark about the bombing that was misinterpreted, then exaggerated, and then turned into all the scary rumors that affected the camp. The picture is really alive: the brain of an anxious soldier is portrayed as a percolation pot, while the speech of another is turned into hot air, i.e. "Balloon Juice". A soldier "fires his mouth", a cannon-style, and before you realize that real nonsense is flying in every direction. Swinging nonsense, to that. Disappointed soldiers tell each other that the Brooklin Bridge has been turned into dust, Conei Island has been destroyed, enemy troops have landed on the White House lawn, and the Japanese are in California. Visual images become increasingly unreal and nightly, until the camp is finally put into quarantine for the "Rumor-itis", and private Snafu is sealed in a padded cell. This is a very efficient business. The filmmakers dramatized their theme with spirit and stunning energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can raise all kinds of wild rumors that spread more rapidly than ever thanks to communication advances. As the technology improves, private Snafus of our time can broadcast its balloon juice through e-mail, mobile phones and blogs. Accordingly, RUMORS is a rare example of a war educational film whose essential message is not at all felt; In fact, it can be timely than ever.
