Tim Krabbe is the author of the novel "Het Gouden Ei", which has been screened twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the latest works by the Dutch writer is 'De Grot', a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Akel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become friends for dear life. Egon is a quiet, somewhat boring person, who spent his time learning and writing books from geography. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic 'parti-animal', a harsh criminal whose daily concern is to enter his bedroom. From the moment they meet, Akel has a strong influence on Egon, while others envy him for having a good life without doing anything (such as reading thick books such as Egon); In the end, Egon even takes him to illegal practices, leading to the fatal transport of drugs in a distant Asian country. After I read the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive. about. In my opinion, the book suffers from a complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as a striking portrait of an unusual link between two people, the action becomes more puzzling: many episodes are not shown chronologically, so two consecutive scenes are rarely in the same episode. That's why the story feels surprisingly distant: you often need to know the background of a character to really care about him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Akel, are a bit stereotypical. Egon is a dull intellectual, while Akel is his opponent. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and movies, they always seem to be there, taking away a lot of credibility. In spite of everything, the film was a pleasant surprise, much better than a book. The adaptation expands with its beautiful cinema, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that it works (which, in my opinion, is the highest actor to achieve). The shortcomings of the film, however, are the same as the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (which is already a film clearly) is fraught with lack of scenario. Perhaps Koolhoven should choose a better book. 7/10
