Watching this movie was the most fun thing I had in cinema for a long time. However, I am not able to say whether it's a good or bad movie, because such simple qualifications can simply not be applied. This picture has everything that any movie could have. Has features of romantic comedy, political commentary, trilera, drama, action movie, musical and absurd self-conscious artistic film. Everything is there, adding a myth. The basic premise is about the Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjai Kapoor), who happily live in Canada, who rushes to India to visit her husband's parents after a disturbing news. The rest of the story unfolds in India, where a couple is in the midst of a clash of fratricidal violence. At one point, the story is borrowed from "Not without my baby," but to call Shakti remake anything that would be wrong. The obvious story leads us to several stunning interruptions, including the dream of Shah Rukh Khan about Aishvaria Rai coming from another movie. In fact, the two stars are on all posters, but they appear really late in the film, and only Shah Rukh ends up as a real figure. Nevertheless, he compensates for this with a lively and truly unexpected performance. Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the most work in this movie, and she makes an excellent job, linking movie turns. and turns to showing convincing emotions. Another significant presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the fatherless father of Shekhara's husband. Nana Patekar dominates every scene in which she is with a terrible but tinted character. The film is not without participation in realism. Violence is unbridled, but genuinely disturbing in the abuse received by most female characters, and Karishma has been beaten on several occasions. From time to time, this violence is obviously disturbing, but in the end it becomes unreal, because every dramatic sequence is usually accompanied by such a comical and spectacular reversal that the overall effect is only cathartic. releases, as well as mixing genres and incredible resolutions are certainly their norm. But "Shakti" raises the line by absorbing even larger masala without becoming ridiculous. It is a film that achieves the size of a Shakespearean tragedy, where the occupation and nobility is equally amused. It's a pure, free cinema, and the director of Krishna Vamsi must have dreamed a good time by dropping every trick in the book. Perhaps, an increasingly important message of violence caused by violence and the inspiring steps of mother love were not thoughts in my mind, but I got out of the sight of Shakti excited. Making movies can be the funniest in the world!
