Strong woman oriented after a long time, Shakti-The Pover, director Krishna Vami, Desi version of Hollywood hit Not without my daughter is the first home-made production of actress Sridevi. A story about a woman's fight against harsh injustice. The film story revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with her two uncle (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). She meets Shekhara (Sanjai Kapoor), falls in love with him and soon marries. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raju (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived, because the news of Shekhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And then the problems begin. From the moment they arrive in India, both are shocked to see pollution and huge crowds of people everywhere. They ride a busy train to the village of Šehar and when they finally reach the station, they have to catch a long ride by bus to his village. The dirty sweaty bus combined with uncertain terrain makes it an endless ride. And unfortunately for them, a fiery mob that defeated Shekhara without any guilt over the attack on their bus. Fortunately, the dead were killed just in time before they could hurt him. After that, they ride to Havel's surrender where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her candle was commanding as soon as she entered that place, but her sole consolation was warmly welcomed by her mother-in-law. Lived there, Nandini learns about her father. - tyrannical behavior and realizes that merciless killing is a way of life for him. On the day he sees his father-in-law teaching his son to throw a bomb, she loses him and throws him, insisting Shekhara return to Canada. But the terror again strikes when Shekhar was killed one day, leaving a broken Nandini with my son in this unusual country where she is upset by a cruel savagery. Her fight against this man to save her son is what makes the culmination of this emotional film. What distinguishes Shakti from most of the films that are postponed is the rural setting of the movie. . The only disadvantage is the music of Ismail Darbare, which does not manage to rise above the script. The only salvation of mercy is the sexy number of Ishk Kameen, written by Anu Malik. The second move for the director comes because he has taken some great performances from his actor. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the movie and has given her a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure she will win awards for this hot portrait. The other is actor Nana Patekar who came back with a bang with this film. His indecent manners fit him to the handle, and he once again showed his diversity in this role. Sanjay Kapoor is a film surprise package with a sincere and effective display that is opposed by other actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form and its Pr-Climak bargain with Nano is commendable. Shahrukh Kameya provides easier moments and is surely attracted to get the desired star value. Although his role was not really needed, he did it well. All in all, Shakti is a far superior film than most of these days have been ejected and the Pr-release hype is sure to open it well. Shakti will surely encourage critics and the audience. So what if a movie desperately wants to shrink with at least 2 rolls to improve the impact. Shakti still has the power to continue without problems!
