The beauty of this film can be seen in a great demonstration of the power of mother love, outstanding performance, constant execution and a completely innovative scenario. The film is about an Indian, Nandini, who lives in Canada with his wife Shekhar and the little child of Raja. Suddenly, her husband informs her family in India (which she did not even know) in the problems and that the couple was running in India. When they enter the village, Nanadini is shocked and horrified to testify to a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, managed by his cruel, highly cynical and relentless father Narasimha, lives in a poor and very violent way of life full of murders and terror and where women are subordinate and helpless. Nandini begins to bother Shekhara to return home, but is soon killing his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to allow her to take Raj to India. An intense battle starts here, which can be called "Nandini vs Narasimha". India is not featured in a particularly positive light in this film, but it only shows a small minority in its rural areas, so it can be true. The view is, in my opinion, just and not unilateral because the positive side is somewhat presented. Such a terrifying scene could be shown in a film about any country in the world. The locations are incredible, the music is wonderful, and the direction of Krishna Vamishi is supported by very effective cinema and good editing. One thing to notice is a very convenient backdrop to Ismail Darbar, which is wonderful. The characters are very well defined, although we can see their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. The movie is shown in a realistic way, the film is running smoothly and it's an interesting and quite fun watch. His dialogues are extraordinary and intelligently written, and although shocking actions can be very disturbing at some points, a large number of positive moments manage to relieve tension. Karisma Kapoor takes a breath and is very convincing as Nandini. Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unconstrained emotions is simply incredible. She shows so much intensity, impulse, anguish and determination as a mother who wants to bring her son back to this child to be her son. Her appearances as they face Nana Patekar, who are like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest women can become a tiger when it comes to her child. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors Indian Cinema has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be as cold as Narasimha, but wonderful as an actor who plays him. Paterkar shows cruelty, wit, and even humanity with complete conviction. He's extraordinary. Another great performance comes unexpectedly from the most disadvantaged Indian actress Deepti Naval, who perceives his character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is only adequate and Shahrukh Khan provides great comic relief. Anyway, watch Shakti - it could have been better, but it's definitely mandatory to watch.
