If any film is singled out with extremely acting acting skills, it is probably one. I have never seen that the dialogues speak so roughly, but they have a strong sense. The film was disturbing in moments. However, the movie was terrible when editing. The film tries to go commercial by adding comedies and songs, yet they feel incredible. As Karisma is beaten, and SRK fights (comically) with police officers. The song of Ishk Kamin was very unreasonable. On top of this, the movie is at first too great. The direction was not bad, but certainly nothing can boast. I must say that the actors are chosen very wisely. Without them, this film would have no impact. So far, Karisma Kapoor has given her the best role, and it looks very good on her board after Zubeid and Fiza. It looks nice in the first half, and I've never seen an actress screaming emotions and rage and her. What is even more ironic is that it is probably its weakest written role to date. Nana Patekar was as great as her father-in-law. It can not be said much about him, except that it is a role for him. Deepti Naval as a mother-in-law was excellent, especially in her final scene. Although there is not much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. Another good performance was a little kid. He was beautiful and surely tears would look in the eyes. The film was probably desperately saved by their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much work. Shahrukh Khan was lost in his bad boyhood role. One thing that brought the audience to the theater was Ishk Kamin. Song and dance is perfect for rough lyrics. And boy Aish is angry. However, the song belonged to some other movie just because it came at the worst moment ever. People may have come to Aish's film, but they will not boast too much after that. Hum Tum Miley walked right, but seemed to retreat as the tension in the film went. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing he was talking about. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring song to get the mood of the movie. In spite of poor editing, performances by themselves make it must be seen.
