Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is a great Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjai Kapoor), has a child, and then visits her family in India only to find that terrorists are warriors. Followed by drama and tragedy, and the film becomes a kind of thriller in style NOT WITHOUT ME. The film is incredible, a few songs for singing and dancing are uninteresting and unnecessary, and the Bollywood song and dance do not really have the character for the intensity of the drama of this film, at least once when we leave the comfort limits of our Canadian love nest? although a number that includes the comedy stunning Aishvaria Rai is pleasantly provocative, if in the end it is lost as well. Likewise, the inclusion of the Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a lucky driver helping Kapoor in her flight from the clutches of a military commander turns what was a very serious drama in a silly Farce, and she just returns to her feet. When is his character? and his fantasies about Rai who are generating her own cameo dance ?? are released. His dialogue on the discarded book and the nonsense of his fighting scenes diminish the primary dramatic character of the film. The actors are well supported by Nana Patekar as the warriors and elegant Deepti Naval who is remarkable as his long-time woman who finally chose to oppose him in one of the best scenes of the film; Rita Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay's sisters in India, and very pleasant sweets. But Sanjai is terribly acting, especially during obvious ads. The editorial style of the writer / director, Krishna Vamiya, is messy, boisterous with rough crossings and sudden cuts, although his camera movement is good. The musical feat is also quite effective, crazy, with an impersonal female voice over a small orchestral ensemble (too bad if any of it was made on SHAKTI's sound CD, but Bollivood has not yet discovered the value of including the score along with the songs on their soundtracks , at least in most cases). However, SHAKTI is Karisme Kapuor's film, though, and the intensity of her performance after the film moves to India, is well-suited to the gentle romance she dealt with Sandie in the first Canadian scenes. Despite the unevenness of a large part of the painting, Karysina's performance completely sells the movie and strengthens his otherwise inconsistent measures. In a strange way, I also discovered that the story is one of those who dealt with the splash of nobility I noticed in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOVER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, which I have seen before, although SHAKTI is of course a completely different film; but focus on a non-functional royal family? here lives in the severity of poverty under the control of terrorism in India, not in the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of the feudal Chinese Tang Dynasty? whose self-serving quest for power leads to the deterioration of many others and causes rebellion of one kind or another, and the film provides a significant sub-text.
