On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of the new science-fiction series "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Shovtime. Extension and continuation of the 1994 film Stargate, featuring Kurt Russell and James Spider, the series begins about a year after the events shown in the film. Ten seasons showed the adventures and disasters of the fearless team of researchers known as SG-1. Initially, the series was played by Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l"!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as General Major George S. Hammond. For ten long years we watched the team fight against the Goa'uld, the replicator, the Orie, and many other aggressors. At the same time, they have formed alliances with Asgard, Tok'ra, rebel Jaffa, Nok and Tollan. They saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never gave up, until their deaths were sought. And sometimes even then. As with all long-lasting series, there were a number of changes. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to expand his horizons as an actor. The successor to Daniel Jackson, as a resident archeologist, was Jonas Kuinn, an alien from the country called Kelovna on the planet Langar, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the start of the seventh season in June 2003 and the German went at the same time. Unfortunately, he made yet another guest appearance, and his character rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 when he felt that it was time to leave. The original star of the show and its most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, played in the series during the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was noticeably less than in the previous seasons. He finally left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill is by far my favorite character in the series and, true, I've never enjoyed the last two seasons as I've done earlier episodes for that reason. Nine season presents a new eru program. With the departure of its main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and the replicator in the eighth season, many fans felt that the series should go to a high position. Nevertheless, the series continued for another two years, while the Ori replaced the Goa'ulde as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters were brought in to fill in the gaps and helped introduce themselves to this invention. Ben Brovder came as Colonel Colonel Southern Air Force Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of the SG-1. His "Farscape" actress, the beautiful Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as lively, sexy, hilarious and certainly extroverted Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld host and concerto from the other planet. As a visiting star in the eighth and ninth season, she joined the acting team at the start of her tenth and final season. Rounding off the acting team was the legendary Beau Bridges as General Major Hank Landry, SGC's new commander and old friend Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. In the last two years, they played along with the "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became valuable parts and donated equally valuable Stargate franchise. Alas all good things have to come to an end. During the initial broadcast of the first few episodes of the Tenth Season, the rating dropped significantly, which resulted in a cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. On March 13, 2007, what started with the "God of the Gods" ended with "Infinite." The series finale was premiered on the Ski One in Britain and Ireland, and was screened on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. For ten years in which the series was in the air, he collected the legions of fans and even surpassed a series of science fiction, "Star Trek," in terms of popularity in certain countries. It became the second longest science fiction series in the world, right behind Doctor Vho (1963-1989), and the most prolific American series produced by science fiction, surpassing "The Ks-Files" just a few months before the end. "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, his success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series called "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film failed, two direct -DVD movies, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", were released in 2008 and are still planned for a not-so-distant future. The third live series, "Stargate Universe", will also be premiered at some point in the following year. (Unfortunately, there was an animated series, "Stargate Infiniti", which lasted only from 2002 to 2003, but less was said. Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a sequel to the series, the future "Stargate "it really looks very great. In conclusion, while" Stargate "has yet to gain the same level of popular recognition as other great sci-fi television concerts such as" Star Trek "and" Doctor Vho " , is still relatively new to those two sci-fi giants and I have a lot of confidence that it will continue for many, many years to come.
