This criticism is dedicated to the late Keith Moon and John Entwistle. Original drum and bass. It seems to be very early. this is more than allowing us to 'air', and now-a-days tend to be very different types of Who is a complete, parody, shadow of their (much) better years. To be fair, not one of them has to prove anything to anyone, they deserve respect and overtime. This concert recording for me is one of their best. Make an audience of about 400,000 plus strong full of skill, charisma, wit and a lot of good music. We all know about other account transactions, the Gate (their last thing). ever before Jim Morrison died), Moody Blues, Hendrik, Taste, Free and more. The point is that whoever was there was the One whom the majority came to see. This show was a year after the Great Hippie Fest of the 1960s; Voodstock. The film and footage went out and so The Vho was the greatest work to date, Tommy. The always hungry crowd wanted the taste, so that she could experience her unique event, to be able to "Grove and Love" know that this concert is their. To do this, you should have the best of what Rock 'n Roll had to throw at the crowd of bait. At two o'clock in the morning of late August 1970, M.C. He announces, "Ladies and gentlemen, the Little Rock 'n Roll band from Shepherds Bush of London," OO. "The body of John Entwistle's body is of black leather, and on the front line is a skeleton from door to foot , Roger is dressed in his traditional long hair and long hair clothes, Keith in a white T-shirt and jeans, while Pete had his white suit and Doc Martins who preferred to wear it. Whoever's never stopped their attack on High Energy Rock for more than two hours, performing their biggest songs and other performers such as Ioung Man Blues, Shaking 'All Ov er, and then as on the line, Keith baiting "Shut up, it's the bleeding of the Opera" with Tommy, Rock Opera. They sang wild. That's what they came to hear, and Who did not disappoint, right in Uvertura and never came on air to the last note "Tomi, can you hear me?" Incredible. To record the performance of this band's size at the height of the festival that should have been the last of its kind anywhere in the world, was is a fantastic piece of film history. English DVD appears only in the English / Linear PCM Stereo soundtrack, as in the US, I think you can get it with at least 5.1, "Check Local Pressure for Detail?" The duration of the DVD is 85 minutes without add-ons, which is a disappointment. Yes, for a piece of hand history and festivals, this DVD would send you a nostalgic journey through the memory tape at the time you pressed the paychecks for some of the best concert shots that were supposed to be live, raw and on the face. ! I would give this DVD ten if there were no deficiency of 5.1, and some additions would be good. Thanks Roger, Pete, John and Keith.
