"Stargate SG-1" is followed by an intergalactic team study called SG-1 through a device called the Stargate and all the surprises waiting on the other side of the wormhole. After we saw this series sporadically for the first few seasons when it first came out, I did not know how much this series would be good, 10 years after I last saw an episode. My old impression was that the series was excellent, but my impression was far from true. "Stargate SG-1" is more than a mere science-fiction series, one of the most sophisticated, interesting, long-lasting, exciting sci-fi ever produced. And why? Because he works on an incredible assumption. This serial value far outweighs the one made by the film and I think it is a very good example that television, as a medium, with the proper premise, is able to provide something that does not work on the time limit of the film. The feeling of closeness created by long series, watching the characters and their circumstances progressing over time, is astounding and only adds the ability to suspend unbelief, and all this is the result of great writing and a lot of dedication by all the teams. "Stargate SG-1 continued to offer great adventures over the course of all these 10 years, but never hesitated the challenge of moving the plot and this gave way to some very different emission periods: - The first few seasons, perhaps 4. / 5, focused much more on exploring the planet and the ra Different situations, keeping episodes quite unrelated to one another that it was not always forthcoming Goaul's threats. From the fifth to the seventh day, more and more episodes were focused on fighting the Goauld and preventing an attack on Earth. After this seasons, the exploration of the planet was just an excuse to put sg-1 at the scene of the Goaul'd / replicator / ori - the eighth season is probably the smallest. There are episodes of episodes that include less earthly things in which stellar doors are barely mentioned, but the last episodes have some great replicative moments. - 9th and 10th they travel together because they have the same new enemy and no Jack O'Neill. Both are good sequels, although the first few episodes in the 10th season are a bit weaker, as it seems to be slightly more than the SG-1 and the human / Jaffa that lose the battle after the Battle for Orive. Basically, after the seventh season, the research was pushed back into the background, which in many ways was a shame, due to potentials and mysteries presented by each planet (episodes); On the other hand, this has made for many major episodes of ongoing conflicts that the change in the nature of the show continued to function and showed that the writers were great and brave. Even I claim that the series have a high quality finishing which nicely puts on rest, the feeling that I have is that it can be continued; The people who were involved were great professionals and the story about the series had a lot to offer. Last season that returns to nature, the series was very feasible and would be welcome, but at the end things are as they are. Finally, due to the fact that I enjoyed everything, it's hard to find it ends. The general picture, however, that attracted by the work of hundreds of people for 10 years, is a glimpse of beauty and a true testament to the crew's dedication, those exceptional actors and characters that we will always remember. as a collective name SG-1.
