We rarely see such short comments written by the IMDb film. Perhaps because this light dark comedy entertain and enjoy without depth, or is it missing? I would look at him again if I had any incentive. Well, what's a coincidence? The French are "Le Battement d'Ailes du Papillon" Serendipiti? Destiny? Perhaps this is an event that is a culmination of a series of random events. We all had them (called life), but when you look at this way, you begin to feel that it "accidentally" may be more like "fate". The "coincidence" in this movie could be a minor event such as pounding several leaves of a salad from the back of a truck or as a major as making a big decision on life on the accuracy of an unknown gravel throw. All these incidents provoke other events that ... have you got a picture well? Dominoes. Multiply them with 30 characters and an average of 6 and you really need to stretch your imagination to accept the possibility that this scenario can happen. And I think there is a diagnosis for those who believe that life is like this. But then it's the magic world of the movie. We admit it's fun to watch how the writer / director associates these unrelated events in a story that connects the lives of those French citizens. If you have a couple of hours and look for a capricious escape, here are the places for it. Or, if you're recovering from surgery and you're not going anywhere anyway, this will engage you while your stitches get healed. Happenstance will not be shown as a prize winner, but a cult escort should be developed. Strange things happened. Soren Kierkegaard is attributed to the following words: "Life can only be understood backwards, but it must live forward." If you have looked at the details in many of your life experiences (getting to know your first love, finding the perfect gift, the last car accident), you will come across a series of seemingly random events that will lead to that. This is the answer! I forgot to bring an existentialist to explain to me "Happenstance."
