Most people who are waiting for Audrey Tautou movies seem to fail to understand that Amelie's character is not really a real personality Audrei Tautou, therefore, any film in which she participates will not be Amelie part 2, part 3, etc. Now that it's been said, I picked up this movie just because Audrey is in it. Yes, it is true, there is a big emptiness after the first scene, where it can not be seen for perhaps 45 minutes, but I did not miss it because I had so much fun with other characters. A guy who is lying about everything is too funny, a guy justifying people running out of his cafe and jumping to the account by finding coupons and those that balance the loss, in fact ... entering all the characters here takes a lot of time, but this is one of the best movies I've been watching for a long time. The character of Audrey Tautou Irene is not an overly sweet girl that Amelie was. In fact, like Irene, her lack of jurisdiction towards the hulk who requested the change initially caught me. In this film, Irena is a girl with good intentions, but during one (very terrible) day, her disposition is becoming more sour and pessimistic. What makes this movie great is that we have all these really interesting stories and plots ... very fun to watch, great landscapes and recordings, very colorful and never too slow, and all the characters can actually act. The best part of the film comes with another 20 minutes ... that's when all the parcels begin to collect and the ride is really picked up and everything is connected and makes sense, and the whole effect of the butterflies flourishes. I swear, it was the best 20 minutes of the movie I've been watching for a long time, and the end ... It made me think: "Damn, I'm really happy to find this movie." The end of this movie is superb. Whoever wrote the script is brilliant, because not only all of these sub-stations occur, but also that they make them somehow connected (and in a reasonable way, what is the case here), but also that each character is felt. human and reviving, and not only a person who is used as a crutch to build this effect of butterflies ... is very impressive. I recommend this movie because it is a great movie to watch anytime, in any mood, with any company or just.
