When a wealthy tycoon was killed in a plane crash, his twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe he caught control of suicide diving (although the suicide runs in the family), but his three beautiful daughters did not care. The pilot, Jim Bromfield, goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who soon forces him to help her take control of the property of her sister, Sara Shane and family lawyer Jess Barker. Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when she does not defend the progress of the other sister, Vicki's nymph (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a bar when Norton falls on her prey. All bets are excluded as a world of distress - including corporate scandal, seduction, suicide, blackmail, murder plot, Man Act, double crosses, mischief and poetic justice - like "Craig Manor", an imposing villa on the bluff This view of the sea .. . This absurd potayler would make the perfect second characteristic for VRITTEN ON THE VIND, also from 1956. Douglas Sirco's saga about a powerful (and highly dysfunctional) oil clan was said to have inspired the night-time TV series DALLAS, but Craig's low trip to insanity looks like a sinful one stra-soap dynasty. All three brothers and sisters (of which only one is really bad) are great beauties, but Kathleen Hughes's caricature stands out. Valerie is ruthless in her quest for the inheritance of family wealth, and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the many pleasures in the film. Vicki's teenage sister is also a pretty good work that resembles Carmen Sternvood at THE THE BIG SLEEP. When she first met, she extracted the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's wing while still standing by coming to him with the line "I graduated sum sum cum laude from Embrace-able U." VOV! THREE PASSENGERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard V. Kocha is a brilliant grass in exploitation, and actors are B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50s hunk John "Revenge Of The Creature" Bromfield (married to the French secrecy Corinne Calvet), Universal Starlet Sara Shane (discovered by Hedi Lamarr), Jess "Mr. Susan Haivard" Barker, Kathleen "He came from the universe" Hughes, and the former silent film star Madge Kennedy gives everything he has - no matter how it was. The future star of Eurotrasha Brett Halsei (TRUMPET OF THE THE APOCALYPSE) is briefly seen as one of Vicino's victims. B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body in English) made great movies! TRI BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen at the Palm Noir Festival, but the jury still wipes the sapunic from ... hell, it's noir (5/10 at noon).
