Narratives ?? Are there written, visual or poetic epics? Generally try to avoid too many characters; Readers and viewers can, after all, be overly overwhelmed by trying to track who's who. This is especially true in the film, I mean, simply because we can not easily return to refresh our memory in the cinema. Spectators like me, however, do not have this problem because we see all our movies on DVD or VHS. A year ago, I met Audrey Tautou, a French actress, I first saw Fabulous Destini Amelie Poulain (2001) and later A Veri Long Engagement (2004), both of which were fine and complex stories with a large number of characters. This earlier offer exceeds the other in both ways: more characters and more complexity. Now other directors have used these techniques before: Robert Altman with The Plaier (1992), Short Cuts (1993), Gosford Park (2001) and others; Paul Thomas Anderson did the same with Magnolia (1999). Stanley Kramer did it with A Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World 1963, a comedy of almost epic proportions. The difference with this film is, firstly, the director allows us to "see" within the head of some of the characters, and secondly, some scenes are repeated as a means to refresh the memory of viewers as a story of flip-flops between different periods of time. /> <br /> Basic ?? core, so to say ?? The story refers to a young woman, Irene (Tautou), who, as he said, on the train journey, learned that the day would fulfill her true love. This is happening in the first few minutes of the film. A smart irony at the moment is that Irene does not realize that the young man (Gilbert Robin) may be "a real love". And, even he ... They go their separate ways and do not understand the potential importance of their close encounter. However, chaos occurs during the rest of the day, not just for two young people, but for other characters that appear in a series of cleverly designed and interwoven vignettes that seem to be not going anywhere, and yet ... <br /> <br /> < > If the story was simple, it could be boring and even fairly predictable. Not like that. The script and the director enter into our expectations with a host of innovative scenes that are too common, but which turn into convincing, extraordinary events that allow two possible lovers to meet again. For example, the next time a bird from the sky drops onto your book or paper, consider your alternatives; the two figures make an obvious choice that must take place before Irene and her fate meet again. What about a stone chip flying on your glass? Think again what would happen ... Everything is interesting enough. What was more interesting to me was to evaluate every new person who came and tried to decide whether this guy was ONE for Irene, or was he actually a young man on the train. That led me for a moment to guess. I will let you think about it, if you see this wonderful mess. Recommended for everyone.
