Most of the images are fatally undermined by the great lack of energy and enthusiasm. Not so magnificently bent, sturdy and ruthless kitsch-busters made in Italian style - it's a wild mature and powerful crafty miracle miracle that reaches to the stunning apotheosis just overly roasted "what the hell is going on?" The crew of the boat ship reveals the body of the jetty of 30 feet, which resembles a 70-year-old surgical disco rod (complete with jumbo vavi afro) perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice. They remove the beast, return it to life with electric charges, cruelly maltreate it, and hold the poor Golijata in a huge glass cabin. Before you can say, "Hey, the filmmakers obviously discard" King Kong, "" our titanic disgusting snow hole gets rid of its cage, grabs the first lush blonde blonde Euro Viking (the magnificent Pheonik Grant) lured by lustful eyes, and the storm with with her new mistress. Yetti seized himself again and flew to Toronto to show the crowd watching. Of course, he gets rid of himself again, breathes a fox, and goes to the expected pounding of the city's rampage. Sublime stupid dialogue (pattern lines: "Philosophy is no place in science, professor"), Syrian (far from) special effects (a terrible transparent work on a blue canvas and the cruel miniature toys Tonke are especially upset in their horrible outbursts), an awkward (erroneous) direction and a heavy handwriting that even tries to clumsily sincerely "Is there a man or a beast?" an ethical debate is being united to create one of the most beautiful funny giant monsters that appeared on the big screen. Better yet, we also have several funky offbeat touches to add more bad spice but already succulent cinema beer: a fox accidentally brushes against one of the iets' nipples, causing it to harden and challenge the big, leering approval of the lecherous behemoth (!); The fox raises his wounded hand while he makes his eyes on her, she breaks the windows with her feet as she climbs to a high office building, and a furry man even hits her with a man's neck (!!). All in all, this unusual and shamelessly unplanned classical campsite should stand as an extraordinary monolith of the addictive stupid celluloid madness that is worthy of a worthy hard underground cult.
