Since I was a great giant fan, I saw "Iet" as an absolute obligation, especially after I heard so much about it. Thanks to the good bootleg market, I was able to find a copy quite easily, and I was happy to be surprised when I watched this film actually, I dare say, decent. Decent to what is, in fact, the cute whip of a huge monster. It quickly appears as Yeti finds himself pretty soon, and we meet with different characters. They consist of some weak, some good ones, and a girl who is pretty much one of the most beautiful incredibly beautiful girls in any cheesy sci-fi movie. Yeti looks like a long Man who came from an original concert in Woodstock, and indeed, he's not that bad, especially after he met the world in some kind of funk cage. Godzilla is not - in spite of his rough awakening, he does not even wildly (he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture), but somehow just looks confused while trying to figure things out. It seems that Iet knows English well (my copy is synchronized in English) and knows who are good guys and bad guys. However, we want to see how Jin Yeti is doing his thing, and he's pretty much in the whole movie, and in a typical low-budget mode, it seems to be changing a lot depending on the scene, and even a bunch of "false legs "which he just stood there. Yes, special effects are not the greatest, but definitely there are some good ones. The scene in which Ieti breaks the warehouse is very good, and in the other it uses windows of the building as "steps of stairs" to descend from the top - breaking each window with their feet and often shocking travelers - in a sequence that really looks much, much better than it would needed in such a "bad" movie. "Iet" never goes down like, "APE" does not. In fact, the only time when it comes to real stupidity is when a beautiful girl is challenging to lift her nipple and raise her brow in the way "oh yes baby". But even this is not so bad, and the viewer even laughs. The film is pretty long for such things, but surprising enough is not bored - the story is really good, and only watching this extremely beautiful actress on the screen will make every male viewer happy. The "Yeti" may not be in the upper echoes of huge monsters, but it's definitely better than the other King Kong '76 rip-offs like "APE" and "Kueen Kong" very far.
