This is one of the best Hong Kong films that started with "ZU: Varriors of Magic Mountain". Tsui set the tone of a new wave approach to a martial arts film that is almost all the directors of the New Wave (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Vong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) Accepted since then; Namely, access to such films from then on should be more than touching irony, if not direct comedy. "Burning Paradise" stopped all this, and with vengeance. It is not that there is no humor here; but it is purely human humor, as was the case with an old Buddhist priest at the beginning who somehow manages the quick feeling of a young whore while hiding in a straw of straw. But this is just like people, even Buddhist priests can not be saints all the time. When irony is ultimately introduced into a movie, it is the worst possible, which comes from the 'Abbot'. The Temple of the Red Lotus, a study in pure nihilism as never before been filmed on the film. He is the incarnation of Milton's Satan from "The Lost Paradise": "It is better to rule in hell than to serve in heaven!" And if he can not soon come to Satan's hell, he will turn the world around him into a living hell that he can rule. It is a motive that highlights the brutal violence of much of the picture here: It's not that the abbot just wants to kill people; he wants them desperate, feeling completely hopeless, to accept his nihilism as a comprehensive reality. So there is a definite sense that permeates the scenes of the Red Temple that there may be no other reality beyond the Temple itself - it has become all that exists in the universe, and the abbot, who claims to rule with the mastery of infinite power, is in charge. Of course, fortunately, the film does not end there. Although there are losses, the human will to be only a mere human is ultimately predominant. (If you want to know how to, watch the movie!) However, there is no doubt that, watching this film, we visit hell. We hope that we will not be witnesses of our own lives; but we certainly feel the underlying experience - and somehow better for all of this.
