Here's another movie that should be uploaded into the satellite, fired into space and pointing in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy to display remote civilizations that are the best of humanity. This film is so touchingly dumb and frankly honest that it's just a bit more than a ripping but already bad movie classic KING KONG in 1976, which not only succeeds in dealing with this movie in terms of idiotic nonsense, but successfully predicts a lot of saddened Peter Jackson's 2005 computerized cartoon film, which has the same name as the "romantic" between the giant (here Jeti) and the beautiful human women (Antonella Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi, CITY OF LIFE, which is very easy on the eye). The film is made for children, so that besides the hints about fish bones and the bizarre adjustment of the nipples, to forgive, you can forget about sex - it even has some kind of huge belt. to conceal its monstrous package, the result is even more fun than anatomical correctness. But as a compromise, you can get a wacky old scientist, two curious children, Tony Kendall in a rare case as a duplicate bastard of a criminal, a useful intelligent dog from a Scottish shepherd who gets his adventure (Dog Adventure movies have been big in Europe for some time) and of course appears as a hero in the end to save Yeti, which turns out to be a good guy, magnificent things like front loaders decorated to look like the giant hands of a monkey, a monster whose size literally changes the scale of the shots in an outcome, some inexplicably terrible deaths that the GODZILLA VS SMOG MONSTER assassination will look like in comparison, a shooting reaction for the audience, made from any Spanish, Italian or Canadian add-on depending on the scene (you can tell where they were shot from the way they were dressed statistics), and some of the most precious, yet unusable special effects they have ever done in a huge film about monkeys. Here the film won me: enthusiasm just because it is ma de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who in 1968 brought the world to SARTAN and GOD'S GUN a year before, he was a very important director in the Spaghetti Western and the scene of the film scene from the 1960s and '70s. he was probably thrilled to get a job. I would say that this is his most entertaining film ever, or rather the one with which he had the most chances, and maybe he felt more comfortable getting those chances with a film directed at children and families. The film has a kind of reckless rejection of the way it is made, which makes technical errors or inconsistencies absolutely meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the film was released seriously, it would not function - WHAT IS IT WHY THE FILM OF PETER JACKSON IS COVERED? Forgotten to have fun with the material and allow him to dictate the outcome using his army of stupid Pover Macintosh under the animators, and with all his faults + clumsiness, Kramer IETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this, which is partly to show that actors in monkey suits destroy miniature sets on sound stage, rather than slowly animating empty hours, other than space on the hard disk. I would rank this with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! GO TO THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most exciting gigantic gigantic movies ever. Because the movie looks so "false", you can go over the story and just have fun watching things that break, trample, shake and break. Knowing this and arming himself with a fruitful, energetic enthusiasm for the chance to make a movie, Parolini pulled out all the breaks and delivered a full adventure that could become a bit rough for some of the small taxis, but it's the first movie I'll ever give to the grandchildren when their stupid ones parents leave for me for the weekend. These are things from ancient times and one of the most relevant expressions of humanity that have ever been devoted to celluloid. 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, just come in. I'd rather come out with a smile on my face.
