I saw this when he first came to the video, my little sister got it as a gift, and I was 12 years old at the time ... What was pointing out to me was the lack of conflict in the middle of a movie that has so many movies, where The main characters are angry at each other, because when it comes time to explain, they simply do not say the only thing that you shout on a screen that will make sense for the whole thing, so that every person of a rational intellect would know how to sit. That's what I like the most in the movie, I suppose, the main characters do not mean things to each other half way ... they do not disassemble and make up, they just grow as if they love one another. The movie continues. These two clubs are united and although at first glance they appear to be from the opposite side of the track, they are not so different. Louie was actually a middle-class kid who had to understand how fortunate he had a family full of love, and Cecelia was a higher-class kid who only had to prove to her family that she was there and that she would miss her if she disappeared. Anyway, I saw this movie at Hulu and I had to look at it again ... I'm sure there's a hole in the works if you analyze the script, and no, Voog and Dveeb should not eat hot dogs because they would actually be herbivores . Br /> Now what hinders the film is an unexpected scarcity. Young children under the age of 5 would probably be scared of the scenes with Dr. Screws. And, adding him to half the film (although obviously in the first scene it will appear) is too abrupt ... it should be seen how he is doing his film earlier in the film, maybe he shows up. It's not that horrible without dinosaurs. I suppose he missed a real danger for the entire first half of the film, so he missed a bit of continuity when he appeared in the second half. Given the target audience, who I can certainly overlook not very interesting animations and dialogues ... I think I will give preference to those factors, and simply enjoy the story. It's a great movie for a kid and it does not fit your mind ... it makes you think about how you treat people and I think it should be reviewed every 10 years.
