I have not always been a fan, but the show grew on me. Only after the 5th season I began to see the richness of the show. They finally led to the quest of Daniel Jackson for his wife to the end and finally the majority of Go, ould The Lord system was murdered by rival Lord, SG-1 or others. , he began to get upset. With the new writers and the attention of producer Peter Deleuise, the show has become increasingly solid. The characters also became stagnant. Colonel Jack O'Neill was a stereotyped hero with emotional luggage. After his son Charlie died in a shootout with O'Neill's weapons, he decided to end his life by going to Abidos to face RA. Character offers little growth for any actor and actor Richard Dean Anderson who decided to play it equally and raise emotional barriers to protect himself. he only allowed his close friends. Amanda Tapping joined the actors as captain Samantha Carter. She was a feminist on the edge, ready to fight with every person who would doubt her ability to do her job. Although this figure had little room for growth, Tapping has done a great deal of concentration on Carter's strength. She took the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things Carter was talking about to intelligently present the character. Christopher Judge joined the actors in the role of alien Teal'c. Teal'c was an alien called Jaffa. Child Go'ould, (a snake as creatures) would be built in Jaffa until they reached the point where they would get into another form of life. Jaffa would have died. Teal'c was the first prime minister of the Apophis army. Knowing that Apophis is not a god like He would pretend, he understood the genocide that their armies had caused in the galaxy. Finally, as he had enough, he and Jack O'Neill freed their team together with a few innocent people. After reaching Earth, he realized that Earth was the planet he was looking for, which would help him fight the Go. Christopher Judge did a lot with limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, from whom he learned a lot from his teacher, Master Bra'tac. The performance would not be complete without the master Bra'tac played by Tony Amandol. He's also a rock. In the end, he became the advisor of most SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. Don S. Davy was there from the beginning by playing Major General George Hammand. Davis made an incredible deal with Hammond who made him cute and normal. He does his job, has a wife, sons, daughters and grandchildren. You can really say, he's an anchor base. Simply, I'd die for that man. If they do not allow his superiors to provide troops to support teams outside the world. He will go alone. He leaves no one behind. I saved Doctor Daniel Jackson for the last time, because this figure, I believe, grew up in the top ten or eleven years on which he was. In Shanks' choice, I do not think the producer realized how Shanks would be strong, and now that people talk about Jackson, they do not talk about Spider, they're talking about Shanks. In the early years, Jackson's character came out like a vintage. That's why I probably was not a fan. As the season slammed, the character became stronger. It gave him confidence. Eventually, from Season 10, Jackson's character matured to the point of becoming a sacrificial hero. He continues to follow the ethics of the groups. He is still leading in providing information that can trigger any mission. Acheaologi, Histori, Culture and Ekploration are part of his being. He is determined. Although a man of peace, he has matured to the extent that the use of weapons is the only way to resolve disagreements. Other characters include, recently: Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Brovder), the new SG-1 leadership. Both actors originate from a series called Farscape and why any body is composed. I see a small difference between Mitchell and Crichton (Farscape figure). The black figure is just outside the wall. It's definitely different from your soldier like the character Arin Soon.
