Many people are unjustly dealing with this series, but a few videos of Guinea are pretty fun. "Devil's Experiment" especially has some really fantastic effects - not just the notorious stage of the eyeball, but also a very realistic steak on the foot and a hand that breaks down with a small one is very realistic - especially for harvesting videos and low budget. Let me start from the beginning for those who do not know: This film is an "extreme" torture / fake snuff film that appeared in Japan in the mid-80s. It's a complication just as simple as a young girl holding several men and forced to go through a series of brutal tortures to see where her turning point is. This implies brutal violence - all effectively realistic effects, including those mentioned in the last paragraph, as well as the painful viewing of the use of hot oil in the hands of a girl in captivity and putting worms in the later wound. > The least effective sequences are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unbelievable spy session in which three men interchange in a hell of a girl as her head descends, and the second sequence where three men alternate and hit a girl and pushes her to the ground. These two scenes are clearly set and diminish the reality of the rest of the proceedings. An actress who is a victim of an "experiment" is quite convincing when in pain and takes a good amount. abuse and rough things on the camera. Her reactions, such as headsets attached to the head and loud sounds are released for hours, are eventually cold. Some of the other abuses that she is doing are applied to the net from the tree at the time when she rests. There is also a disturbing scene in which the whimpering of the hijacker through the intestines on it, and another disgusting scenes where she turns in an office chair and forced to drink Jack Daniels' bottle until she regains it. You did not see this series, I hope I helped you decide if you want to give a picture to this episode. 8.5 / 10 for Devil's Experiment.
