Wow, a lot of comments on the Devils experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films. We just started publishing Guinea Pig movies on the DVD for North America. Now before you ask why I'm writing a review? Instead, ask why some people beat him. I'm writing this review because I love Guinea Pig movies. Why I love them, that's because they go after the throat and do not let go. I saw everything. Almost every horor film known to man, Argent, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen all of this and the movies that have been in my head for years were definitely Guinea Pig movies. Because she does not try to hide the reason why we watch horror films in the first place. This review is for the Devils experiment. I find that the story that is all right is deprived. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and blood and torture of people. Devils Experiment not only delivers, it's all. Pure violence. Yes, I love the story, but sometimes I just want to deliver blood and experiments with Devils ten times. Why people beat him. Because they love the story, so the torture and death of the person can be hidden behind the story. That's why they feel better. We all want blood and blood. It is difficult to justify it if it is not wrapped around the story. Guinea pig movies have a historical significance for them and have created definite clapping whenever they are published. I'm thrilled to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. . Maybe I should not write this review, but then maybe again. My view is biased, because they have freed them, but it's not yet. I've always told people to find them and watch them long before I start with Unearthed Films. It is sure to be explosive at the top, but is not it the reason why we watch horror films in the first place. Devils experiment is not for everyone. It's for thrill seekers and only for the mountains. If you think the films of Jason and Freddie Krueger are great, hold them. But if you're at the next level and you've seen all this then Devils is an experiment for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for over 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting, and unwanted are weird, and not something to look with your mom, unless it's completely cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
