I enjoyed this show for two reasons: 1. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda Tapping. These two performers have held a show with capable support of regular and repetitive actors. Replacement of RDA in seasons 9-10 was enough to get the heart out of the show. Chemistry between all the main characters is enormous. You have the feeling that actors like to hang out after the camera stops rolling. This connection is transferred to the program we see. RDA gives his personality 'O'Neill' convincing. He never knows when to settle in him. You're watching others flipping eyes in some of his statements. However, they know that he is a man who has a situation when the situation is dangerous. There are many things that happen between 'Carter' and 'O'Neill' below the surface. They help keep the lid, but often barely. In the episode 'Solitude' in the first season they had some of the best drama ever seen on television. Love between them has created the ability to die tolerable because they have faced it together. Nevertheless, O'Neil's tactical instincts always sound healthy. He understands what to do without thinking about it. The team was threatened several times by others who did not listen to his orders. The quality has been significantly reduced in the 9th and 10th season. he caught my interest. Ben Brovder was far worse than the RDA in performing the show. He had rare moments with Claudia Black, but that was all. Amanda Tapping telephoned her performances for the two seasons. You could see how she changed a lot after the baby. She probably thought more about the child than about the show. Spin-off "Stargate Atlantis" has a few moments, but it's mostly a weaker effort. The main characters lack the chemistry of the acting of the original. Zlikovci (Vraiths) are so incredible that they are funny. Perhaps Amanda Tapping can breathe life into the program or will not last until the fourth season. In the special effects for the show I always had a problem. To have pyramid-shaped spaceships is a designer monstrosity that is rarely equated to the Sci-Fi. The use of torches for illumination on these ships is equally bad. The use of décor from ancient Egypt, which hides ultra-modern technology, is equally hard to accept. I was also wondering about some kind of emission continuity. In opening season 2, "Daniel Jackson" was fired, and his uniform had a hole in which he was wounded. Crawl into the sarcophagus and heals his body and returns his uniform as if he just got out of the closet in the closet. The episode "Hathor" has a sarcophagus in the hands of SGC, but it is never mentioned anymore. This device could be used in a few later episodes of 'Daniel', 'O'Neill' and 'Dr. Frasier '.
