David Mamet wrote a script and made his directorial debut with House of Games, a full-scale psychological character study, in which a psychiatrist was lured into a dark world of confidence. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written the best-selling novel 'Driven'. Still, she is somewhat dissatisfied with her own life; there is a void that can neither be defined nor resolved, and it applies its vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein) enters the session that some gamblers owe her a lot of money, and that he will kill him if she does not pay, she decides to intervene in his name. This leads to the "House of Games", a tiny dive that meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic man who does not waste time before getting into his world. Instead of the 'twenty-five big' Billy claimed to owe him, Mike showed her his book, and it turned out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to wipe the clean sheet, if he agrees to do one simple service, which includes a card game in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; As he left, her job is to keep an eye on 'telling' one of the other players. At the time, not only Margaret, but also the audience, was hooked. Dialogue, Mamet's unique style and precise rhythm with which his actors deliver their lines, fascinates. Since Mike leads Margaret through his convincing, supernatural existence, and he meets with the intricacies of the game, we have mingled with her together. From this first unforgettable meeting, when he demonstrates what "to say" and how it works, to short-term lessons, to the staggering climax of this film, Mamet keeps an idea with urgency that is merciless. And nothing is what it looks like. In the end, Margaret teaches some hard lessons about life and human nature and about herself. She is changing; and is it better for speculation? Mantegna absolutely screwed up in this film; he gives every possible nuance a complex character that must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows, and it does. And Crouse turns out to be an extraordinary performance here; you feel a rigid, firm turmoil that rises below that peaceful, confident exterior, and when her experiences with Mother cause a change in her, she makes you feel how deep she penetrated. She tells you to believe that she is capable of what she does, and she understands you. Dynamic support is provided by Mike Nussbaum (Joei), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Valsh (businessman), Ricki Jai (George) and Villiam H. Maci (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is essentially Mamet; Since then, he has written and directed several plays and films of high caliber, and no doubt will make us even more pleased. But this film will be the one who defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and look for it. You will find it under 'Perfection'. This is one great movie you do not want to miss. I rate this 10/10.
