House of Games is a spell binding. It's nice to see movies that are perfect dozens from time to time. There are several movies I've seen so fast. From the opening of the scene, this film just brings you. I really try not to give much to those who may have not seen it yet, but it will be A BIG SPOILER who DOES NOT READ MORE IF HE WANT TO KNOW. I would say House of Games is not just a great movie, but it's the best movie about the actors I've ever seen. From the moment the film is over, pray for it to be repeated. Lindsay Crouse as Margaret Ford is simply perfection, from her manners to the flexibility of her voice, she immediately enters the role. Joe Mantegna was also wonderful. The dialogue in this film has unused, almost unimportant quality and these two people communicate as much as they with their voice. I also liked the way in which the film was filmed, in that grainy, surreal way, perfectly fit and helped make the film become what was. There were several movies I watched and I liked this to remind me of the involvement of The Grifters and the usual suspects, but really, House of games is completely different in its own way. Margaret and Mike are two of the most attractive characters I have seen on the big screen and not only have a chemistry of a screen that is powerful and tangible since they meet, but the construction that starts from the moment they look at each other is charged. You know something will happen, but you have no idea what. And just when you think that you have guessed what is "something", you realized that you did not scratch the surface .... The house of games is one of those films that can be piled up in a certain type of film genre, but is essentially a film about human nature. A character study is not just the mind of a tired artist but also a victim. As the film moves and when we learn more about the main characters, we learn about them not only through what they say, but also as they say. It is an excellent character study and is flawless in the way it speeds up its conclusion. In the end, I would rank this 10 out of 10, call it (although it's not my absolute favorite movie, pretty high on the list), definitely remarkable and will go so far as to say it ranks like one of the best character studies and includes some of the best "turns" I've ever seen. Although I love all kinds and genres of films, when it comes to films of the human psyche, it really does not become much better than this. Watch this movie.
