This is my first David Mamet movie. Suitable because it was his first. The story here is uneven and moves like any other film, from a small counter to a big counter to a comprehensive one. It's like the Grifty, but without the acting level of that movie. (In this film, John Kuzak was kinda rude, but that was the nature of his character.) The play is very straightforward here (sometimes I wondered if stupid treatment with Cruz should be some type of psychoanalytic attack). At least at the beginning. It never gets really good, but it evolves beyond painfully rigid reading after about ten minutes. Earlier in the film, some of Lindsay Crouse's lines - as they read them - sound like they are an internal monologue or narrative, which they are not. With the arrival of Mantegna pick up things. Dialogue here is not as fun as it should be. I was expecting to shoot at the rings that would be torn off, but these did not. All this sounds very read, and not spoken. Perhaps Mamet evolved after this film and relaxed, but if not, then perhaps he should allow others to say his words. He is too valuable with them, and as a result, they lose their rhythmic, linguistic quality. What is even more strange than that, the film does not look or feel like a drama. The camera is very cinematic. My only problem with Glengarri Glen Ross was that it looked too much like a recorded theater, but in that movie the actors were not only accomplished, but relaxed and free. It all went. I would not mind sounding like movie characters that speak movie lines - or even play lines for playing characters - but here it sounds like movie (or even book) characters of the voice line for playback. This is a strange confusion of theater and film that simply does not work. This does not mean that the film is bad - it's not, it's often fun. The best piece is in the middle. It's a standard film for movies: the new guy (in this case, the girl) Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) is intertwined in a congested underground world. As she intervened: she is a psychiatrist and one of her patients, Billy is a compulsive gambler. He wants to help him with his gambling debt, and he enters the House of Games, a dirty playroom where men in the back room work. I admit that the setting is pretty incredible. (Did they just expect Crouse to enter? Did they expect to write a check? Was Billy involved? One of these questions was definitely answered to the end, however.) I from here begins to lose the counter. I found beginners - those little students - to be the most fun. We get a lesson in the art of the concert as much as Crouse. We see the end that comes, and then we have not seen the other end coming, and then the real end I have not seen is coming, but maybe it is. The ball is constantly refusing back and forth, and after the last scene in the film, we realize that the other Cruz entered the House of Games that found its true call. opening, incredible bits and strange reading lines because there are many good things here. If the first part of the movie looks stagnant, hold on to it. After a half-hour marking, it really gets a moment. If you want a fun movie, then here it is. If you want Mamet, look again at Glengarri Glen Ross again - James Folei helped him. <br /> <br /> ***
