`United States of Kisses Mi Ass` House of Games is the debut of the dramatic writer David Mamet, and this is an effective and sometimes surprising psychological thriller. She plays Lindsay Crouse as the best-selling psychiatrist, Margaret Ford, who decides to oppose a gambler who made one of his patients think about suicide. In this way, she leaves the safety and comfort of her somewhat ordinary life and travels "to the center of the city" to visit the place of low life, the House of Games. Gambler Mike (great acting by Joe Mantegn) turns out to be a bit sharper and shifted. He offers a job to Crouse's character, if he is ready to sit with him in the game, in playing large amounts of money in the backroom, he will cancel the debts of the patients. A card game is emerging and it's soon to be seen that a psychiatrist and a gambler are in a familiar business (gaining the trust of others) and a fascinating relationship begins. What makes the House of Games interesting and essential for every movie lover is constant guessing about who controls, whether it's a psychiatrist or a congressman, or is a famous man of the great blueprints David Mamet. In The House of Games the direction is boring and most of the time is flat and non-violent, however in every David Mammoth movie this is a story that is key to the whole process, not the direction. In House of Games it shines through the parts thanks to the top performances of the two leading (striking and disturbing), but mostly as with most of Mamet's work, it's a dialogue that catches you and slowly pulls you into a movie. . Nobody in the House of Games does not say what they mean, and conversations become battlefields and war of words. Everyone bluffs and doubles blueprints, reminiscent of the natural order of poker games. This is a theme that runs throughout the whole movie and is used for a great effect at the right moments to create enormous amounts of tension. The games house can also be seen as a film about a class war. With Lindsay Crouse we have a middle class, a well-educated psychiatrist, and Joe Mantegna is the complete opposite, an American working class that makes a living from a "fair" crime. The Mantegna Film Institute has seduced a viewer like Crouse, and the final result is, in the end, a very satisfying piece of American cinema. And the finale of the movie is definitely something for everyone to see and watch, that's amazing. Extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeating. 9/10
