I really do not know what people have against this movie, but it's definitely one of my favorites. It is not a lie, it is not anchored with its morals, it should not be controversial. It's just God. Every possible God, regardless of religion. And it's really funny. Jim Carri starring Bruce Nolan, a TV reporter who usually gets stuck on the light of the news, desperately wants to prove himself (more or less himself) that he can be taken seriously and do a good job at the anchorage. This movement is what slowly drives his beautiful girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston). When the finishing straps end, he does not laugh quickly, but shouts in the face of God, who in turn gives Bruce his power. Bruce then makes his life better for himself, as long as he is not guilty of helping others, where he then continues to miss the point of his power. In the meantime, his constant excitement about his life makes him more selfish, leaving his relationship to dangerous ground. Okay, it was a long time. But, like a plot, it works well. The way-by-step in which we face the challenges of being God is much better than grouping his problems together, and is able to hide quite well. As you probably know from listening to this film in the first place, Carrei's smooth acting remains in character (which, fortunately enough, he), and controls and gives the atmosphere to the movie scene around the scene. Whether they will admit it or not, the role is written or transcribed exclusively for Carrei. Without him, humor would become flat, because half the humor is done. And humor is very good. But without Kari, it would somehow feel like it's a wonderful life. Jennifer Aniston is great and, no matter what they say, does not act as the only excuse for the third act. At least you do not think so when you see her. She gives a sincere play and makes you forget to watch a movie, she and Carrei feel like a real couple. The film feels like ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), it has a very nice feeling, it is convenient to face the idea and better than expected, and it should never be called splashing just to Karri's career was saved (which did not go anywhere).
