This is a good episode of the New Twilight Zone which actually includes interesting ideas and smart stories (I note that both are based on short stories). "Testing Day" is set in the future, years unknown, but when they have candles that illuminate themselves, huge "phones" that look like TVs and which are doubled as many other entertainment machines and are distributed only to those of a certain age. and the day of the examination, the place where the 12-year-old must pass the intelligence test that the government needs. The kid is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is just celebrating his 12th birthday and is smart, so he is calm, even eager to test that he has seen friends go through easily and knows he will be surprised by his school estimate. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say that he did not need to use his birthday wish to get a good grade, and although their reason involves believing that he is capable and not to worry, it is quite obvious that They're worried. I will not give anything in the end, but I will say this - there is a point in which we will get an insight into what comes to the extent that the test is such a difficult subject: that evening (or else?) His parents ask Dicky if you would rather watch TV whole night. According to today's standards, we would be pleased to say that you would rather read, not just because nothing worth watching ... but why would his family ask that? The delicacy of what is encouraging and discouraging in the future reminded me a bit of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (for which he heard that he did not get a big adaptation to the screen). I would just like to be able to provide an introductory and final story to make this topic powerful as it was the Outsized Man. I found it better than the short story on which it was based. I did not read the one on which the "Message of Mercy" was based, but I would love it because it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Duncan McNeill) suffering from fever from impure water, was always common in his hometown of Massachusetts. but he is able to see through the eyes a young puritan who suffers from the same fever, Chariti Paine, (Kerri Noonann) who is also able to experience what is happening to him. Both are recovering, especially since it is common for this to happen in 1985, but the relationship does not disappear. The charity is curious about the scene and sounds she recorded in 1985 and each of them enjoys in the company of each other, especially Peter, who has improved the classes in school enough to always feel isolated from other students, even in the college that was staying on one place . However, things happen unexpectedly, when Chariti discovers some of these experiences to a friend who takes her claims that 13 colonies will break out of England as a sign of fascination, adding to the fact that she was spared death from fever (not 1700). The two are trying to learn how to save her. The end is sad, but there is an interesting ending moment that makes it touchable. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something Rod Sterling would have saved and entertained, made him look happy as a reminder that friendship, love, and wisdom make a lot. Probably 3/4 of this has no topic, but somehow I think it would be approved by the Sterling team.
