In the main role: Jim Carrei, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer Anniston I was quite skeptical when I first watched this movie. I mean, what kind of conceptual NIGHTMARE. Jim Carrei plays God? Nothing is sacred anymore. Well, this film is hardly the world, but it is also not sacred, at least not to a great extent. Yes, Jim Carrei has the power of God for some time, but he is not God. Confused? I'll give you a low one. Jim Carrei plays Bruce Nolan, a reporter who does not like him and feels very unsuccessful with his life. She lives with her beautiful girl, Grace (Anniston), and you can immediately say that she likes, but the connection is on a rather terrible field. Bruce then gets the chance to sign up, just to be stolen by Evan Bakter. Obviously not, please, Brus shares his thoughts with the world over television in a way that is comical and definitely worth fired. After a while, he is tired of calling, so he answers and goes to the Omni Presents building (heh). There he meets God (Freeman), who is the boss, the electrician, and the janitor of the building. This was very funny for me. God is the boss, the Holy Spirit is the Electrician, and Jesus Christ is the Dwarf. Think about that. Boss, obviously. An electrician, a guy who keeps on moving. The house, the guy who cleans the mess that the world has left. In any case, Bruce is a little skeptical that he actually met God, but when God gives Bruce his power and gives him a chance to play God, he begins to believe little. You wonder why. Use obvious abuse of power for personal gain and abuse enemies. Since this is Hollywood, Bruce obviously eventually dies, teaches his lesson and begins to use his power for the good of the world. In the end, he cries out for God to take him away and pray to be His will, and not Bruce. Since it's Jim Carrei, the movie is pretty fun and definitely has a lot of fun moments in it. The film is not a perfect theology, but Hollywood is definitely a good try. Many of the statements in the movie can be quite provocative and even challenging, and I salute Tom Shadiac for his efforts in this film. So, though far from the perfect, definitely fun movie with popcorn for him. Bottom line: 3.5 out of 4 (worth a look or two)
