This series was set up a year after the Abidos mission in Stargate. He explains many things that the film ignored. Like, for example, how did the Door activate without a human computer? Where did the Goa'uld come from? How many are there? The first episode is retired Jack O'Neill (written with 2 Ls), who was called to active duty by General George Hammond for the attack of the closed Star Gate from Apophis, a powerful Goa'uld killed four men and kidnapped a woman. We meet Samantha Carter, a great scientist who claims to be the first to go through the Stargate, and is determined to go through now. We discovered that Daniel had married Abidos, and that there were hundreds of addresses on which to choose. Then Apophis captured him and became his new queen. It continues in the second episode in which General Hammond announces the formation of the SGC, which includes nine teams, in which Jack's team will be SG-1 made up of Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go to Chulak, Goa'uld's birthplace to save Daniel's wife and another captive in Abidos named Ska'ra. They are captured, and as Apophis orders an order to kill them and many other prisoners, the Jaffa named Teal'c, the first Prime Minister of Apophis, saves them and goes to Earth with them, where he is part of the SG-1. It was just the beginning of the adventure. During the show they went to the past and the future, transported to alternative realities, replaced bodies, aged, encountered alien races involving the rebel alliance Goa'ulda called Tok'ra, in which Samantha's father becomes a member, Asgard, a cute little the race we often see Thora (he's Jack's friend), and countless times avoids a global catastrophe in the skin of their teeth. The issue has recently been canceled, but it took ten seasons. In the ninth season, a new enemy called the Ori, came with new powers, new dangers, and exposed new mysteries surrounding the Stargate and its creators, the Ancients. The ninth and 10-year competition saw two new characters, Ben Brovder as Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1 and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a woman from around the world who brings a new sense of fun to the team. Very well-produced, interesting characters, fantastic Special Effects and subtle love interest between Samantha and Jack, this one has everything. A different way of traveling the galaxy, and different types of adventure, this is one show you do not want to miss. Unlock the gate and pass. You will not regret it!
