Jim Carrei returned to the same role he played in The Mask, a bland guy who is trying to make progress in the world, but seems to be tormenting bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless man harass the crowd of hooligans (and, of course, they must be Mexicans, obviously), his good will is withdrawn towards his neighbors. In that case, it was not difficult to predict that he would have a lot of angry hooligans, but I like the film to suggest that such things should not be ignored. I recall the episode of The Avful Truth of Michael Moore's brilliant The Avful Truth, when the man leaned on the sidewalk and pretended to be dead and to see who actually would stand up and be sure it was good. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see somebody in a movie that's a good example. Jim Carrei plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the beautiful above-mentioned boy whose whole life appears to fall apart. Or better still, it seems to be breaking up from strikes of bad luck like an asteroid entering the atmosphere (a small metaphor appearing when Bruce wondrously finds gigantic news later in the movie). Bruce is nearly 40 years old and everything he has to show is a position as a journalist of this kind who reports on such exciting news stories as a local baker trying to bake the biggest cookie in the world. He desperately wants to get the job of the leader on the TV station, but loses a fresh game on TV when he heard that the job went to his rival. You have to love how his time reveals this news seconds before his first report live. Needless to say, he loses his nerves on TV live in one of the funniest scenes of the whole movie. Morgan Freeman brings a fantastic performance like the man himself, showing God the infinite wisdom of which is reflected somewhat through Freeman's huge talent as an actor. He is the kind of God who takes his job very seriously, but in such a way he advises his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you have to slow down and do some physical work in life. I love his line that some of the happiest people in the world return home staring at the sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than ours in America) who are so preoccupied with their money and their property and business and everything that have completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as humans. > One of the biggest advantages is that the film can provide advice to people about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the religion of viewers. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all its forms and I see God and Satan that metaphors are for different aspects of nature and human psychology, and not real figures that have ever lived or continue to live. But in spite of the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity that oversees the universe or as a janitor dressed in white, who freely picks up offices in the city center, I could appreciate the messages that were delivered in this film. Jim Carrey's films feature this fantastic evolution that connects them all and makes the newer look even better because you can see how far he has come. If you compare Bruce Almighty with movies such as Ace Ventura (which I both loved) or a lot of what he did before he entered the film, it's amazing how far he came. He switched from raw television comedy to comic movies to comedies that are really intelligent and meaningful like this movie, and others such as Truman's Shov, Man on the Moon and Majestic (easily one of his biggest films ever). Jim Carrie has relentlessly moved from the raw comedy of his past to become one of the most important comedians today. Jennifer Aniston is once again a great addition to the movie (as she did in a fairly unbundled office space) like Bruce's girlfriend, which is becoming increasingly embittered by Bruce's growing stress on her life, as well as his dismay that she Ask her to marry him. In the film, there is definitely a comedy that does not fit with the significance of the film's meaning or the quality of delivery, such as a dog reading newspapers on the toilet and the entire scene of the monkey, but it was definitely nice to see Acea Ventura, Spike's friend, as it looks. As Stephen King knows well, it's always nice to see famous characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. Bruce is endowed with God's powers for a certain period of time, so he can better understand life, and much talk about himself when he uses it only for his own purposes, and not to help all the people who are praying. What I love is that, as I said before, religion is absent from my life, but I was able to watch this and learn a lot about myself as well as thinking about what things I would do if I were authorized. The film allows us to learn about this in this way, which further empowers the message. Scenes that include an informative station are the most entertaining in the whole movie, such as the scene when Bruce loses his anxiety about the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoff scene (which was appropriately buried with an original birth certificate and a complete dental record records), a scene in which Bruce's rival colleague was made to go astray with the camera, and my favorites, those at the beginning and the end that include cooking a local bakery. The movie has enough time for Carrei to deliver some great jokes, such as when he tells God (who discovers that he is a janitor, owner, electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties must be real jokes and be careful. about a drink, because it might take him home! I liked the end when she said that behind every big man lies a woman who rolls her eyes. It's a bit too true, and as Gallagher added, behind every big man is also a mother-in-law. Bruce Almighty is one of the unforgettable comedies that have appeared for some time, and is probably the only direct religious one I can remember that I am ready to buy on DVD to add my personal collection. It is a comedy written and performed in good taste, but with relatively low humor to entertain children. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which has become increasingly rare nowadays. In a world that will be whipped by another American film and another horrible movie (which are just frightening because of its pure barbaric idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people who make comedy worth watching. Do not miss this.
