It was said that Movies and Baseball had progressed during the Great Depression. It seems that the gloomy realities of the nation caught after this economic disaster created the need for occasional relief for the population. A temporary departure could be found in a running soap, which is a baseball. Also, an occasional trip of 2 or 3 hours to the darkened cinema halls. The presence of Radio in almost all homes kept the Depression Era America immediately adapted to world events and provided many Dramas and (especially) comedies for a pleasant interlude from raw reality. Literature time at all levels. Juvenile readers helped create a comic as we know it, with all the fantastic characters and super exciting adventures. But the comic simply did not appear magically, all fully developed with all the colorful 4 color pages, all by itself. There were media that were their ancestors. It is obvious that the newspaper comic was one of the parents, providing a visual / narrative method of telling the story. The second direct ancestor was the Pulp magazine. Poor publishers from prose who carried many stories about the same adventurous characters, but not necessarily serial, stories. The pulp medium has been present for several decades and has met us with TARZAN Edgar Rice Borrow and ZORRO John McCulley. The thirties of the last century led to the crash as characteristic characters such as SHADOW, AVENGER, G8's BATTLE ACES and THE SPIDER, MASTER of MEN, found their way to news stands, among many others. Another one was DOC SAVAGE, a punk super hero of colorful stories; The pulp covers may have been the only "image" of the hero. Having great power, super-sharp senses and intelligence of the class genius class, Doc was the Super Hero prototype. He also assembled 5 of his former soldiers in a small, free chainsaw adventurer. Each of them was an expert in the field. We had the best rated: chemist, lawyer, construction engineer, electrical engineer, geologist-archaeologist-paleontologist, etc. The stories of Doc Savage were very popular in the thirties and forties and were published. in the mid-50s. Then they went to a break for a good 12-15 years. Then there was an exchange of old novels into a new "container", a book with soft covers. A fresh look at the wrapper has been introduced, featuring a highly stylized series of images of highly muscular Doc, with a constant rips. Re-introduction proved to be very successful, with the release of the month (and for some time). Soon there was a rumor about the Doc Savage movie! But when, from what manufacturer? Well, the honorable "Bronze Man" returned to the news more than 10 years before any real project was compiled. He was a veteran of Stop-action animators and producer of top-quality special effects films, Geoprge Pal, who made the film together with Varner Brothers. When the DOC SAVAGE, MAN BRONZE arrived in the movie house, boasted a good acting actors' team, although to a large extent "No Name", as familiar to viewers. With former Tarzan from the TV, Ron Eli is almost perfect casting in the lead, and comes with the Beauti of a Starlette, Pamela Hensley in the female lead and veteran character Paul Vekler (as a criminal, Captain Seas); no other name would be recognized. And, maybe it was just a plus in this case. The story makes a great deal of how to get the most audiences to meet an incredible group and to start the action. The use of the narrative, written by Paul Frees and short film clips, is a method that aims to move the introduction to the main body of the story. From the very beginning, there are hints that this story will go. with the same kind of produced "Camp" humor as the Batman TV series. Some truly brilliant early-stage scenes with Doc and the entire team working on their individual specialties cast back the humor of Paul Frees' narrative and unexpected, unlikely outcomes. (For example, the experiment of a doctor with a miniature rocket / missile turns out to be part of the capture method, small in that.) The whole story takes place by hitting the viewer with a small camp so often, to remind us that we do not take it too seriously. We are also confused that Mr. George Pal is a producer (his last one). He who was so well known for Special Effects is certainly a factor that could be used well in sci-fi action in the world of Pulp Character. I remember that I saw him very lively. Ms Ryan (Deanna) was in the hospital, she just bore our second child, Michelle (08/14/75). Our elderly girlfriend, Jennifer, was visiting her grandmother, so after visiting the maternity ward it was directly to the old Markuette Theater, 63rd and Kedzie, here in Chicago. Seeing it as a guy with good knowledge of Doc, I was in some way ruined the end product. I could take this job a little at the Camp, but I would not object that Mr.Pal thought it was all right to get rid of all this and have some real dinosaurs and volcanoes giving him more and more Pulp / Comic / Excitement in serial type. However, the actors, led by Mr. Ellie and others, made the film to be nice, if not appealing. Sets and locations were, as far as we can see, very similar to those of a 30-minute serial or adventure movie that would be enjoyable for everyone. Maybe they were just trying to do this with DOC SAVAGE, MAN of BRONZE.
