Given the title, this first continuation of KUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of stories V. Somerset Maugham making the movie. The author still appears to present episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; by the way, while the original compression script gave the exclusive merit of R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham has also given his hand in the adaptation, as did Noel Langlei (although it is unclear whether they contributed to a segment or worked unisonously). As can be expected, a large portion of the KUARTET team was retained for the second war - although it also applies to at least three members, Naunton Vaine, Wilfried Hide-Witte and Felic Ailmer. episode from KUARTET titled "The Colonel's Ladi"). Although the TRIO eventually becomes less achievable than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story that takes up more than half the time), it continues to be of the utmost care, boasts the enthusiasm of the star and enjoys the "The Verger" on the ecclesial sector ( James Haiter) - the title of the story is the second word - who was dismissed after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on laurels, despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his landlord, played by Kathleen Harrison), but he also opens a tobacco industry store strategically placed on the long road, where such a service is not offered - and with business It flourishes, it develops throughout the chain. The last scene, therefore, sees him visiting a bank manager, Felicia Ailmer, who, not only surprised by the knowledge of Haiter's lack of education, but encourages him to ask him what other interests his - the rich (and respected) priest answers, with a little irony , that he had a call to be Greger! The second episode, "Mr Know Everything," is the shortest and perhaps the most interesting: the trip to the sea is completely burdened by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), the British in spite of his foreign sound of Kelada, who claims that is the authority of almost every subject under the sun Naunton Wayne and Wilfried Hyde-White are the two passengers who must handle him the most - the last one because he shares a cabin with a man and his ex, given Patrick's attention to his beautiful wife (Anne Cravford). However, during a fancy party, passengers decided to they will bring their "revenge" to Kelada by presenting one of them (a joke that he naturally does not appreciate); yet, there he is trying to show the decent side to his character - said Cravford that the necklace he carries is carrying imitations , Vaine causes Patrick to name her price ... but he immediately realizes that this is the right article and will immediately realize that this is the right article and that it will immediately understand \ t compromise Cravford's position if he wants to say so Keleda allows himself to be publicly laughed, not to reveal the fact that a woman is probable has a secret admirer! As can be deduced from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with countless patients in such a place - led by Andre Morell; The protagonist is the new intern, Roland Culver, who watches over different events with hesitation. The story, in fact, highlights the three separate parts of the plot - one witty ("feud" between the two older Scottish who live in a sanatorium for a long time, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (messy relationship between an unhappy patient) Raimond Huntlei and long-time but devoted woman Betty Ann Davies) and a bitter-sweet (romance between naive but charming Jean Simmons and summer Michael Rennie, who, despite having almost everything against it, including the fact that Morell diagnosed Simmons as 'Life' while ennie has only a few more years, leads a couple to the altar).
