I saw a trailer for Afro Promo, a collection of movie trailers for African-American films. It looked like what it was; a very tendentious "crazy" comedy in which a tense black understands that his son is gay. It seems that Redd Fokk (RF) left her for his brother, who works with him in the "shop" in Phoenicke. He took the bus to visit his son Norman in Los Angeles. When RF arrives, Norman, wearing just a powdery blue bikini shorts, comes out of the water bed to answer the door. Trying to buy time by making his elderly father climb the stairs to something that looks like the 60th floor, Norman tries to wake up his lover, who persistently refuses to move. It was until the moment I wrote "WHY WILL NOT WAKE?" when suddenly he did it, both me and my friend began to discharge for the first time on several occasions while our first glimpse of the blond, cocky Garson, Norman's beloved lover, who only "had the most faaaaaabulous dream ??" a flame queen of the type imaginable as coming out of LA 1976. He has dresses and a purse and a lot of nasty jewelry, and he seems to have modeled his looks and personality on Carol Brady of The Brady Bunch. Norman orders his lover to find somewhere else to stay during his father's visit. Garson is going to stay with Vailon Flovers, and Madame calls on the phone when Norman calls. So RF tries to get to his wife in Mexico. While on the phone, Garson comes to pack a dress, and RF faces him. With a bunch of 70s soul music that meant challenging his discovery (but it sounds more like we hear a special song Emotions), he realizes that his son is gay. His first impulse is: "I will kill him, I will kill him." Then RF goes on a long walk, in which it circulates through all the thoughts that a confused parent could have, such as "Maybe the toilet was taught by him too soon." All his thoughts trigger something he sees on his walk, for example, a large truck driver that appears just as he thinks about what makes a real man. Surprisingly, he goes to the bookstore and buys about eight books on homosexuality. This, I must say, is another eight books on homosexuality than my parents bought. Then go straight to the park bench and read them all! RF then hires Audrey, an Amazonian prostitute of six feet (in this incredible furry thing) played by Tamara Dobson of Cleopatra Jones. She had hired Norman to try heterosexuality, but Norman had done it, and he went to stay with his friend Melody. Then Garson comes in and offers to take RF to the night. He sympathized with the loss of his wife RF and tells the story of his mother, who has irrational prejudice against the Philippines because she was "mistreated in luau". They attend the long performance of Vaio and Madame, which culminates when Madam breathes her piano head violently while her hair is not freed. Once again, the mouth was agape. So it looks, would not you just know, RF and Garson have a beautiful evening together! You see, stable, traditional older black people just have to see the mum-queen's frowned, feminized mega-queen party to get to the giant world! It's really easy! It still does not prevent RF from derailing "Rape!" when Garson wakes him out of a bad dream. It ends less predictably than you think. It was so much that it was off. What is the basis of Norman and Garson's relationship? They seem to have no relationship, and Norman has no doubts about throwing Garson out, and even when he comes to take it for himself, he never defends Garson or talks about their relationship. It was kind of cute strange touches like the RF will buy all those homosexual books - and sit down on the bench in the park to read them! I love the idea that the parent actually tries to find something about homosexuality, rather than just escaping to get drunk or sympathize with his friends. In addition, this is the kind of what looks like: a little relic of past times, a time in which some gay people thought that if tense people simply sat and watched a puppet performance, we can all learn to love and We understand each other! And because of the naivety of this stuff, extreme stereotypes and message dialogue are only charmingly obsolete, and provide a great deal to discuss how things have changed for gays in the past 30 years. I suppose the only thing that seems to be an offensive idea is that gay female friends are desperately in love with them and are ready to drink them to sleep, and thus convert. ------ Hey, watch Cinema de Merde, my site about bad films (with a few good movies). You can find the URL in my upper e-mail address.
