Made after KUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of Maugham's earlier film versions of short stories. There are three stories of VERGER. KNOV-IT-ALL, and SANITORIUM. The first two are comic (VERGER is like an extended joke, but one with good payments), and the last serious (since health problems are included). The author again presents films and stories. James Hather, who will soon have his role as Samuel Pikwick, is the hero of VERGER. He holds that little job in the church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he heard that Haiter had no school, he fell off. Haiter has saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he likes to buy small newspapers and tobacco shop. He has a good eye, and his store is progressing. Soon there is a whole chain of stores. When his grandchild baptized Hordern, he was astonished to see how his former Verger was prosperous. The payment is when the manager of the bank, Felik Ailmer, met with Haiter on the diversification of his investments. I'll leave you to hear an unintentional but ironic meeting code. According to Maugham, he met a man like Mak Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-ALL-Kelada is a splash, a friendly and somewhat drunken species from the Middle East that is on the business road (related to jewelry) by a steamboat. His friend in the state room is Mr. Graa (always quiet and proper, Vilfred Hide-Wit), who, slightly, silently condemned Maka. Mak likes to revive things, and is soon heavily involved in the fun of the ship. At the moment, the story actually reminds us of a part of the complicity of non-Maugham's story and film CHINA SEAS (1935), since Mak bets that he can say the right piece of jewelry from a false one (after insisting that a piece of jewelry) noticed it was real). I will not describe how Mak rises in the occasion. SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (fictional alter ego of Maughama - writer and one spy like in Hitchcock THE SECRET AGENT). He has to use a sanatorium here for a few months for his health. He finds an extraordinary team of people, including Jean Simmons as a fragile, but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as passionate Scott, John Laurie as another slim Scot who is "at war" with Currie, Raimond Huntlei as a calm patient who only shows his inner anger because of the situation when his wife appeared, and Michael Rennie as a young man with a serious life threat. Kulver sees three stories of these characters showing their conclusions. The last one, dealing with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic, but deeply shaky. It was this dendi continuation of the earlier KUARTET, and worth watching.
