It was hard for me to love anyone in this movie. Central characters, Linda and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during the night outings in the Australian wilderness, are not bad people, but certainly not all, or even most, the results of the people we see through this movie were bad if we knew them better. Although we are sure that the film wants to be the culprits or innocents of the chamberlain from the very beginning of their tragic riot, the film takes on a more or less sociological perspective that concerns gossip, news media, crowds, mafias and assumptions. This is not a film about the degenerate Australian society in particular; It's just an overview of the true story that happened there. Society is much less developed than an individual feels confident that we are. When the administrator insists on killing all aboriginal dogs because of an unverified act of an wild dog, when it is accidentally destroyed life turns even further from control thanks to most magazines, newspapers and TV programs that distort the tragic truth to the level of drama which drives consumers into insanity, there are no signs of empathy or even any view beyond one's own unconscious perception, under the influence of the left and right sides of the energetic rumor and the vibrations of those surrounding his life. The reason I appreciate the film is that the focus turns from inside to the outside, from victims to masses. The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, the suspicion was prompted by the jet mainly thanks to her virtue. In the eyes of the public, she did not seem confused enough about the death of her baby. Why was she able to keep it cold, even some kind of reservation, let alone head up, for TV and press? How much spiral could be prevented from behaving more publicly in the media? Meril Streep, one of the, if not the best actress who is working today, may not give a performance that is particularly prominent, and honestly, not another actor, or film production crew. But she and scriptwriters understand Linda. What is frightening is that it's not that hard. Obviously, she was not in any way more prone to emotions in the public. Regardless of whether it is accessible as a nice character in the immediate sense, we naturally tend to sympathize with her situation. Whether or not its performance is immediately satisfying as Sophia's choice, the Devil wearing Prada, Angels In America or some other such work, it's a triumph. It's hard to delight the audience when you intentionally deny yourself an insight. She frustrates us because we do not know what she thinks or feels. It took me some time to feel sympathetic to her, but this is the way a film suggests a public reaction reaction. She is married to a pastor, and both practice a religion that is in a minority of minorities and so most misunderstood. At first, they react to their loss as if they want to reconcile themselves with God's will, launch rumors that generate the idea that the death of their daughter was some kind of ritual killing on their side. Whatever happened to a little girl, her parents were part of the margin that most media did not immediately recognize, so the first tendency was to go after them as a pack of hungry ... well ... /> Meril Streep and Sam Neill are on the screen, but the Australian audience plays real water. Like punctuation marks for each action, director Fred Schepisi separates from restaurants to tennis courts until dinner to the salons at the office, where the public tries Lindy and passes into his passionate projections. This Golan-Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere atmosphere does not provide satisfactory compensation for the fact that performance or aspects of production are not highlighted. But she is very successful as an indictment of collective public awareness.
