THE END OF THE CRIME IN MRAK is a film I expected to offer the phenomenal performance of Meril Strip and a solid, if not unusual, movie. This assumption stemmed from the fact that in addition to nomination for the best actress Streep, the film received little attention from the largest groups of awards. I was a little expecting that CRI IN THE DARK would be such an era of riveting and well-constructed at every level. If you ask me, this is a classic that is underestimated. The film opens quite slowly, letting the audience relax in the chamber music and noticing that it is essentially an incredibly loving, simple family. Fred Shekiti (the director) selects random moments to capture a family on a holiday that gives the sight of the meaning of the coming tragedy, and at the same time shows a careful bliss that Streep and Michael (Sam Neill) Chamberlain care for their children. While the famous line "Dingo took my baby!" has become somewhat at this point, the film has not even come close to the funny. The real death of Azari is terribly trapped. It is subtle and realistic, leaving the audience horrified and asking questions. Most of the film takes place in the courtrooms and focuses on Cameron's ongoing struggle to prove his innocence to journalists and the court who are suspected of killing Linda. The fact that from the beginning it is clear to us that they are innocent, makes the strained rehearsal even more extensive. As a member of the audience, I was fully invested in the chamberlain's state ... and I sincerely got angry and hurt and saddened when the media watched so terribly. But at the same time, the media / public opinion is understandable. I loved the way in which the media were in no way compassionate, but they always had valid reasons to keep their views. The last line of the movie is very deep and perfectly encompasses the central element makes this film so much different from other drama in the courtroom. In terms of performance, the only ones that really matter in this movie are those Strip and Neil ... and they deliver in every way. For me, this is one of the best performances of Meril Streep (if not # 1). For all his masters of different accents (which is, of course, very impressive), Streep never loses the central heart and soul of his characters. I think this is one of Streep's more subtle shows, and she strikes him out of the park. And Neill, an actor who never impressed me except that he was charismatic and attractive in JURASSIC PARK, is a perfect counterpoint to Streep's performance. From what I've seen, this is undoubtedly the most recent Neill's work. It's a pity that the Academy did not recognize it as a nomination for the lead actor to match Streep's ... b / c and the two of them play brilliantly. More emotionally attractive than most movies, and also incredibly uncertain ... THE CRIVER IN DARK has far exceeded my expectations. I recommend that people who only know the movie as a movie that Meril screams "Dingo took my baby!" watch the movie and see how much it still has on A CRI IN DARK then that one line. <br /> <br /> ... A ...
