In August 1980, the disappearance of Azeri Chamberlain's baby and the trial of her parents, Linda and Michael, for allegedly killing a child caused a noise about what was then a very angry nation. The media and the public have already tried and condemned the accused couple and asked for blood. What followed was a gross misconduct of justice. Michael and Lindy Chamberlain claimed that while camping with Aiers Rock in Central Australia, the dingo took their 10-year-old daughter out of their tent as they prepared Eat in the Barbecue. Nobody believed them. Lindy is charged with the murder of her baby, and Mihael is an addition after that. The whole country was whispering about ritual killing. The court proceedings against Chamberlain were completed before it started. Linda has never proven her virginity, so she was found guilty. There was never enough evidence to condemn it, but the jury was under pressure from public and media pressure. How can we, as a nation, even be judged? Where are we, how can we assume that we know? If there was no absolute evidence and no reasonable doubt, Chamberlains was supposed to be released. Film Fred Scipix unequivocally and sincerely supports the argument of John Brison's novel, that the Chamberlains are completely innocent. accusations against them. In fact, the dingo took the baby of Azari in this fateful night at Aiers Rock. The scriptures brilliantly captured the mood of the thirsty blood, the hell tilted to the 'truth' that is revealed. It shows Australia in a fairly rude light like people who were completely obsessed with paying chamberlain! His script, the co-author with Robert Caswell, is strongly energizing emotions and will surely find the audience sad and angry about the travesty of justice that has taken place. Extraordinary Meril Streep gives incredible performance to women charged with the most terrible acts. She convincingly assures a tough little Austrian woman who was ready to confront the accusations and set the world straight. Even its accent is almost complete, but not entirely accurate. Very good effort by the masters and the store. Neill himself is as good as Streep as the first believer, but then disappointed by Michael who can not understand why their world is falling apart, and he begins to question his Christianity. His, like Streep's, is a show of great emotional power that will deeply start you. The overall support is also great, and some of the best actors and actresses in Australia play a role. Technically, the film is also brilliant, with the director of photography Ian Baker shining this great country (especially Rock). Editor Jill Bilcock keeps the whole film tense and very emotional, while Bruce Smeaton gives an excellent result. For all Aussie, this is a must see, a shocking look in the mirror if you like, what we as a country have done to a family that just wanted to serve justice, and the truth to be known. As Michael Chamberlain said: "I do not think that nobody really understands what innocence means ... ... innocent people." Saturday, May 20, 1995 - Video Even in the returns, Fred Scepia's report on the travesty of justice that had hit the Chamberlains, who lost the baby of Azaria in 1980 in the Aires Rock, is still emotionally powerful and is moving honestly. The scripts and Robert Casvell have professionally transmitted John Bryson's novel to the screen, simply by the story of a terrible story of a vacation that was terribly wrong for Michael and Lindy Chamberlain, whose newborn daughter, Azarya, raised from a family tent by the dinga just a few moments after it was dropped. In the midst of media speculation and vicious public rumors, Lindy is charged with the killing of her baby, and Michael is charged as a supplement after the fact. What followed was more than a trial by the media, and found with the Australian people that she had been dismissed, and Lindy was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with difficulty, although the prosecution could not present any motive other than the indirect evidence. Meril Streep is in top form as an accused woman fights Australia and proves her innocence. She is truly phenomenal, and the only thing she does not succeed is a real blue Aussie accent, although she works best for her sound. You may wonder why the main Australian actress did not act in the role, but the power of the star is probably the answer. Alongside Merrill, he is equally impressive Sam Neill, remarkable as a husband who sees his world falling apart from his eyes, while he feels unable to do anything about it. Strong Austrian cast gives strong support. The installation of Jill Bilcock is very timely, Ian Baker's film about rock and other durable locations is visually brilliant and music Bruce Smeaton is perfect for the role. Really conscientious Australians. Sunday, June 15, 1996 - Video
