This review contains a spoiler for those who are not familiar with the details of the true story on which this film is based. The right to be presumed to be "innocent until proven guilty" is the fundamental right of anyone in a civilized society; but according to Fred Shepich's partisan but sadly convincing story of the famous trial for murder in Australia, it was not approved by Lindy Chamberlain, charged with the murder of her baby. The story that points to her innocence is unlikely (it was supposedly done by the dingo), but those that even more blamed her guilt, and there was no solid evidence against her. But the Australian public was overwhelmed by the possibility of her guilt, and deeply religious chamberlains looked creepy when appearing in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were all just not innocent in this process). Therefore, even though they were verified by the initial investigation, they were later prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, it was only shamefully following up the discovery of new evidence "proving" their innocence, something that no accused had to produce. Meril Streep, who convincingly emphasizes the Australian emphasis (at least on this Pom's Ear), and succeeds in keeping Linda compassionate (us) while still transmitting how she has managed to become a national hatred figure. The scenes that are actually in prison are simple, but heartbreaking, because we believe the characters are real. Regardless of the accuracy of his presentation of this story (something I can not comment on), the wider theme of this film will be terribly true for anyone with the passing knowledge of British popular press and his ruthless habit of directing himself to his most ruthless instincts of readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in modern British tabloids comes from the same evil as the voices that led Linda Chamberlain. I am not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some lines of killing (if you would say so far). "Do not judge not to be judged" is one of them.
