"The wrong worker is often a man who left something incomplete, not always the one who did something." - Car Marcus Aurelius DVD edition "Vatch on the Rhine" could not come. in a better moment. It returns to us the great game Lillian Hellman, which was flooded with Dashiell Hammett (audio commentator Hellman scholar Bernard F. Dick confirms his authorship). She is a subtle performance by Bette Davis, who was dragged into a secondary role long after she became queen of the working group in Varner Bros.. Equally important, this reminds us that the Second World War had a purpose. Of course, you say, as if we needed it. We heard Cari Grant speak in "Destination Tokyo" (1943) about Japanese boys and their Bushido knives. We watched the boots digging the hills in the "Sound of Music" (1965). We visited England that was negligibly occupied by Germany in "It Happened Here" (1966). However, the truth is that the message is still needed. I have an 81-year-old friend who regularly curses Franklin Roosevelt. He thinks that the FDR has deceived the US into a foreign fight that we did not need and caused the death of his favorite cousin. He is fascinated by the demonization of Allied leaders and the trivialization of the Second War by Patrick Buchanan. Political columnist recently published a fat book with detailed research that argues that Adolf Hitler would not pose any danger. Poland, Europe or the world, if only the Third Reich was handed over to the Free City of Danzig in 1939. Buchanan believes that if these selfish Poles did not face the Nazis, attracting a mindless Britain and a dizzying altruistic France, there would be no war in the West. He believes that without the rigors of total war, no one in Germany would build a gas chamber to provide a final solution to the Jewish problem. Some commentators on this site feel that "Vatch" falls under the weight of stagnant propaganda. Maybe. However, neither my friend nor Pat Buchanan seem to have understood the point of the film: some people hurt and killed in order to grab others' land, goods and freedom; such people dominated Axis forces and "enough" did not appear in their vocabulary. Paul Lukas earned the Oscars who won. He and Bette Davis have introduced a convincing passion for showing refugees fighting against oppressors. They give an emotional blow to an intellectual case because of going away, because of their active dealing with torturers and murderers. Bernard Dick notes that Hellman did not care about Lucas as a person since he remained apolitical. Of course, like Hungarians, he saw firsthand the bloody "dictatorship of the proletariat" of Bela Kuna and replaced the outdated empire, and then collapsed into the right-wing tyranny of Admiral Horthy. In Hammett's performance, Henry Daniell describes an officer of Vehrmacht an awful description of the class that despises the brown shirts she serves. His Phili von Ramme would undoubtedly stand with Field Marshal Rommel in 1944 during Plate on July 20 against Hitler. In April 1940, however, he pragmatically spurred the Nazi cause, although he offended Mr Blecher's "Butcher" and despised Romanian aristocrat Teck de Brancovis for trying to inform the leader of the underworld. Teck, a poor and possible hornbeam, wants money and a visa to return to Europe, where he can continue the split of life that was destroyed by the Great War that destroyed the empire and a major world economic depression. He does not have political convictions, he does not have a sculpture about trade in freedom fighters for his tomorrow. Graduated artist Merkura George Kouluri lent to this cynicism of the old world a burnt case on the edge of a desperate threat. Lucille Watson gives incredible vitality to a homemaker, the dominant old woman who knows her mind and gets her but does not adequately value her children and their achievements outside the house she controls. She and her pale son attached to the office belong to the American version of the privileged species of von Ramme and de Brancovis. However, this family has not seen a ruin and will never. They are full of people who can quietly improve evil by not opposing him. This mother and son could easily make decisions that would reflect that enthusiasm towards national-socialism and fascism that flourish today in my friend and the pundit Buchanan. "Look at Rhine" has a look of manicure. His dialogue reflects his erudite origins on the scene, and does not sound fresh from the street. However, Hellman and Hammett's film has swallowing power. The audience still needs to hear and pay attention to their call for weapons against the attackers on a merciless march.
