I saw this movie several times and I watched it today (on TCM) just because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. She is a lot of underrated actress and I must admit that I fell in love with her since I first saw her (probably in the "Winds of Visors" 40 years or more). The real star in this film, however, is Paul Lukas, and deserved all the praise he received. He clearly says whether we like it or not, that the goal justifies the funds. Nazism had to be stopped, and all that helped was good. He gave his children a line that it is bad, and that they should not be bad, but as he said earlier when talking with adults, he would repeat it without hesitation. Lukas gave an excellent view of the man caught in this situation and made it clear that what he did was very difficult. Some people think his victim was a Nazis, but I do not think he is - I think he was only after the money. His Nazi collaborators knew that and did not use much to him. One interesting thing in the film, and probably in the show, is the fact that Muller (Lucas) is German. While the anti-German hysteria of the First World War did not recur in World War II, there were significant anti-German sentiments, and some of the Germans were buried alike in what happened in California with people of Japanese descent. It was something bold for Helman to write a play about good Germans at the moment (maybe they thought they signed the Nazi-Soviet pact!). After all, US and British air forces bombed German cities and had no doubts about the killing of innocent civilians. I think, however, that the bombing and the storm in Dresden were performed later, after "Vatch on the Rhine" was released. , from Germany. In fact, Vach am Rhein was the marching song of the German army - used in World War II, but the Nazis had their own song that was used as a march. But Muller is a German and is engaged in his "Vach am Rhein". All other actors have done a great job here; Although Bodo was too much, there are children like him. I'm surprised he did not give up his father's secret. In real life, he could do it.
