This was usually the advice of producer Alexander Cordeau for many of his subordinates; The film was credited to three directors, but in fact Alec, Zoltan Corda and Villiam Cameron Menzies helped, pushed him to six. For John Coball's 1987 book, Top 100 Films, his research 81 film critics saw the thief in Baghdad reach 55th. A closer examination reveals that only Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Tailor and Kobal personally voted for the picture, but their high position was enough to bring the mark halfway. Breaking The Second World War was a video production film in England and America, eventually ending in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane, this may be somehow a movie that can admire, not love. Special effects, extraordinary for that time, are still reasonable and are actually maintained if you squash. But this is not so much their efficiency as the insolence of the invention. Among them is a fun horse, built from the model of the kit, which, when the key is inserted into its last end, begins to fly. There is also a killer toy of the goddess Kali (perhaps quite obviously a woman with two women sitting behind her) and a pretty awesome giant spider. It is also an impressive climax with its beautiful flying carpet. But the most remarkable is that Rek Ingram appears as, at the peak moment of cinematic insecurity, djini (genius) is nearly 1,000 feet tall! Ingram displays the spirit as a terrible creature and adds an element of danger to the process. And watch for the moment when he's been tricked back into his bottle! John Justin works well as an Arab king who, for some strange reason, has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, a stunning muscular 15-year-old, is almost the same name, Abu, a fairly lonely thief. After crossing the tracks with the evil Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin found himself blind and Abu turned into a dog. When it seems that the rest of the film will be told in the flashback through the blind Ahmedov (Justin's) perspective, we find that halfway through the film we arrive to the present and the adventure continues. The truth is that the other half is something better, be full of a bigger incident and more fantastic in nature. Three small songs sang a piece, although since the movie lasts 100 minutes, this feels more like a mild flavor, not a real ingredient; I would not classify this as a musical. It's all fun; Justin and June Duprez are a love interest for moms and dads, Veidt is a boo-hiss criminal, and Abu is a youthful, irreconcilable bandit. It may take until you get into a somewhat obsolete way of thinking and an exaggerated melodrama of English films from the 1940s, but after you pass through the first half hour, this movie really attracts you.
