Making The Thief Of Baghdad is a pretty story for itself, almost as wondrous as the story told in this movie. Alecander Korda has almost gone to make this film. According to the series of Citadel's film The Book of a Great British Film, the adopted son of Great Britain Alexander Korda designed this film back in 1933 and spent years planning and preparing. But Unfortunately, the Second World War unfortunately captured the Cordue and increased costs of shooting a grandiose spectacle. Budget expenditures are also taking place in American films, only Cecil B. DeMille always had free hands in Paramount after 1932. He returned there. But DeMille and none of his American contemporaries did not have to worry about enemy bombs while filming a movie. Part of the way through the recording, Korda transported the whole company to America and recorded those sequences with Rek Ingram as a genius in our Grand Canion. He will certainly not get such a scene in the United Kingdom. Korda completed the Hollywood interiors, all in time for the release on Christmas 1940. The spectacle thing earned four nominations for the Oscars and three Oscars for Best Color Cinema. art & set direction for color film and best special effects. Only the original music part of Miklos Rosze did not take home the prize in the nominated category. Korda must have been really happy he decided to shoot at Grand Canion because it's impossible to get a bad color picture from that place. Special effects however do not overwhelm the simple story of a good triumph over evil. Two young lover John Justin and June Duprez are good, and Conrad Veidt is evil as a wizard who tries to steal both the kingdom and the heart belonging to the Duprez. It was Veidt's career to Casablanca, where he played Master Luftwaffe Stroesser. Of course, she gets a good help from some incredible source. Prosjak and thief Saba who could have been one of the few who could then be called an international film star. Literally getting out of poverty, working as a stable boy for the maharaja in Misore, he was noticed by Alekander Korda, who needed the original trace of one of his jungle features. Sabu catches all the innocence and disadvantage of his youth as he completes the fantasy of the Arabian knives about a boy who breaks down a tyrant. It's not a bad message to send in 1940. The Baghdad Thief is nowadays extremely well-kept. It's an eternal story of love, romance and adventure in any order you want to put on.
