- The film talks about a prince whose life is beautiful, but after the wicked wizard says that he goes to the city disguised as a beggar, the wizard then locks the prince and soon becomes the ruler of Baghdad. The imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu who helps him escape from prison and goes to a city called Basra, where he meets a princess in which he falls in love, but not knowing that the wicked magician Yaffa is also in love with the princess and tries to persuade his father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to conquer the heart of the girls so that he makes him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This leads to the prince and Abu adventurous to find a way to defeat Jafa, return peace to Baghdad and marry a princess. during their journey, they encounter everything from sarcastic geniuses who take Abu into a flight through the clouds, a huge spider who is really hungry, and a flying horse that probably produces one of the nicest sequences that my old eyes have ever seen. -This is a pure fantastic movie from the beginning to the end has flying horses, geniuses, flying carpets and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hitting people with their sticks. She has no siren moments and a love story is not a waste of time. The production design is stunning in this film. From the palace to the various dangerous traps that the heroes meet. Although this film is older than 40 years, production design is far better than most shit that appears in today's cinema. Music and songs are also well made. Anyone who sees it without a doubt will greet, "I want to be a seaman sailing the seas" as one of the great music moments in the movies. I'm usually not a big fan of singing in movies because I find them entertaining as I do my taxes, but I'll be happy to make an exception for this movie. -What is selling a movie for me is the pure fact that you can see things you do not see in everyday life, which is also the same reason why I love things like "Tvo Tovers" and "Silent Hill" . Before this modern fantasy movie came along with its realistic CGI to blot out our thoughts, this was a film that took your mind away without having to scatter the green screen everywhere. One of my favorite videos in "Tvo Tovers" is where we see the trolls open by Black Gates, the main attraction of this recording for me was to see these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual work, and that's what I love Genie and other creatures in the film. They just try to live like everyone else, which gives them the right feeling, although they are just fantasy beings. -There is virtually impossible to watch this movie and do not notice where the creators of "Aladdin" get inspiration. The characters from this film are almost the same characters in this film from speech Genie to flying carpet. It's not a very bad thing in my eyes, because it's nice to know that I'm not the only one on the planet that has a deep passionate love for this incredible movie. I saw this for the first time as a child on my homeland and thought it was the biggest thing in the world and that I was watching her again last week and I still think that's amazing. This is a real proof that a big movie can withstand the test of time. Of course, the effects look somewhat obsolete and cheesy, but they were made in the 1940s, so leave it alone. However, it does not look all outdated, since most things can still be maintained today when studied according to today's standard. -If you ever wanted to watch the Aladdin version live, then you should get your wish with this, but the angry cynical bunch will probably do well in avoiding this because this will not be their cup of tea.
