Abu, the hijacker of Bagada, helps King Ahmed recover his kingdom from the evil wizard. this luxurious escapist map from the legend of the Arabian Nights. Filled with swords and magic, in 1940, the audience gave a short break from the title. It's fine film work, with good acting and intelligent scenarios. His subtle face with his piercing eyes makes you remember the terrible roles he played with such enjoyment during the quiet days. Here's a villain who's worth watching. As a boyfriend, Sabu was perfectly thrown into this, his third film. Although not a hero in the typical sense of the word, his character is certainly heroic in action and action. The rest of the actors are a good job. John Justin is both energetic and sensitive as an unenlightened king who must learn about the reality of life in the hard way; Saba receives a significant part of the action (when he is not transformed into a dog), but Justin is adequately athletic when needed. Divan Jun Duprez plays the endangered princess of Basra, who was desired by two very different men. Appearing late in the film, the massive Ingram Ingram shook things up as a spirit with attitude. Miles Malleson gets another eccentric role as the children's sultan from Basra, always mocking his mechanical toys (Malleson was also responsible for the game and dialogue of the film). Morton Selten shows the old king of the legend. Mary Morris, later an extraordinary theater actress, plays the double role of Jaffa's accomplice and six-year-old Silver dancer. which probably explains the presence of American Ingram in acting. The artistic direction, in the lively Technicolor, is the most attractive, especially the fairy-tale architecture in blouse, white roses. He was born to Sabu Dastagir in 1924, Sabu was employed in the maharajah Misore stays when it was discovered by company Korda and placed in front of the cameras. His first four films (ELEPHANT BOI-1937, DRUM-1938, TITH OF BAGDAD-1940, JUNGLE BOOK-1942) were his best and he found himself working in Hollivood when they were finished. After a distinguished military service in World War II, he continued his film career, but for years he has been infinitely limited to ethnic roles in unspoken smaller films. His final film, Valt Disnei's A TIGER VALKS (1964) was an improvement, but it was too late. Sabu died of a heart attack at the end of 1963, only 39 years old.
