The story of a "Baghdad thief" is complex, because it is told in flashbacks and has three separate and equally important strands together. Lajo Birosa's script and Miles Malleson's dialogue keep the story skilful in all points. Young King Ahmad from Baghdad is angry at his vissel of Jaffara for killing a man for various ideas. He discovers while he is disguised to blame him for Jaffar's works and hates him. He is imprisoned by the Jaffar, where he meets the young Abu Abdullah. Two escaped and drove off to the city of Basra. The comrades there spy on when men clear the path that no one will see the princess of the passing city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in his garden. She tells her that he came to her out of time and gets a kiss. Then he's caught. When Jaffar conquers Princess Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil Vizier that blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then searches for Princess's hand, and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to Sultana Basri. Then the blind Ahmad tells his story at the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can be awakened. So Jaffar sends his servant Halim to Ahmad and his dog, hoping that the prince will wake up. He wakes up. She embarks on a boat to find a doctor who will heal Ahmad, but she is caught by the Jaffa who then throws the dog into the sea. Then he allows Jafar to take it in his own hands, on his promise to restore Ahmad's gaze and return Abu back to the thief. Princess sees Ahmad's vision; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to rob him and Abu experienced a shipwreck on an abandoned island. Abu finds a genius or deacon who wants to kill him now when he is free after many centuries spent in captivity in a bottle. Abu ordered him to prove that he really came from such a small ship, and then pulled it back. In order to free him, he gets three wishes. The first one is for sausages. In the meantime, the princess begged her father to refuse the Jaffa; but Jafar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy, of which six killed him. Abu wants another desire to find Ahmad. An evil genius took him to the goddess of the Eye of the Sword. Abu must climb a large grid to reach the gem that is around, fighting a huge spider, and then scaling the statue of the goddess. Abu looks in the eye and sees Ahmad in the canyon. He took him to Ahmad. Ahmad used to see the princess. It smells like a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the spirit laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells princesses that she is in love with him, not mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad tries to break through to the princess, but Jaffar breaks the "eye". Abu is in the "Legend of the Earth", where elders who rule want to make him king. He stole the bow and magic carpet and instead ran away, to hurry to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the jest, using his bow from a flying carpet, to the wonder of the crowd that came to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to escape a mechanical flying horse, but another bullet is over by the bow. Ahmad reigns and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu's vibe, the young thief refuses to say that what he wants is an adventure, not a hard work and a detention in the palace, no matter how big. This fantastic story was given by producer Alekander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also the art director, while Georges Perinal made a colorful cinema. The directors were Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with Tim Vhelan, Alekander Korda, Villiam Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. Outstanding and numerous costume designs were the works of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, in addition to its beautiful and expensive visual shine, I claim that two more elements dominate, Miklos Rozse's choral music, and the performance of Conrad Veidt as the son of a Jaffar. Rek Ingram plays a ghost with an unusual accent, plus his usual intelligence and power. Jun Duprez is beautiful and effective because princess Mary Morris is sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson is a shameful and greedy sultan. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to be doing most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love, and then some; he is unforgettably good in his winning role. This film has the vastness of what it is, I claim, and in other Cordas it also works. His imaginative content contrasts with very powerful realistic sets, costumes and set-design elements. This is one of the most fantastic fantasies at the level of the idea of ​​all time, worthy to enjoy over and over again.
