A totally beautiful movie, one of the funnies I saw when the young enthusiasts continued to work, in the case of thieves, the impression seemed to be better with time. By the nineties, my daughter and I watched her many times on TV, but we went to the pictures when the local art-house cinema came? when he finished, we came out with starry looks with his head full of poetry and the thrilling music of Miklos Rozse, hoping that it could take several hours longer and thinking that this wonderful world was suddenly sudden. Idealist Prince Ahmad wants to get him some time among his people to check things, but the evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to close it and take the throne. After escaping with the little thief who played Sabu, Ahmad saw the princess and they are dazzlingly in love ?? they have a lot of adventures on the road (though they are obviously not enough for Saba!) and Love not only wins but destroys everything. The special effects were obviously enchanting in 1940, but Time took their tribute and reduced their influence, especially since the digital animated film took even a live action? but they are still well versed in movies like Superman 40 years later. In any case, if I am asked to put an end to disbelief in huge gangs, flying horses and carpets, I also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite pieces: a dreamy scene in a sun-drenched garden when Ahmad reveals the appropriately romantic song Adelaide Hall; stunning color in a tent in Land Of Legend ?? in fact, stunning colors; Sabu and Rosa are triumphant, but still a memorable finale. Conrad Veidt played badi in two of the most incredible movie romances ever, this Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the leading roles of the lover, both slightly and refreshingly stiff, but the parts did not require a huge range of emotions: only pure love was important. There are some mild violent images in it, but be sure this is a magnificent experience with a 100% positive message, it's just a shame that now little kids do not watch this instead of the pornography they like. One of my Top 10 Favorite Movies, can not recommend this too? can be displayed until the end of time.
