The story of a boyish thief in Baghdad (as it used to be) attracted filmmakers from Raoul Walsh in 1924, who acted with Douglas Fairbanks in the first, quiet, presentation of "thugs from Baghdad" into less imposing, recent attempts. Best of all, however, there is a version from 1940, which for its time was amazing, magical equipment of top special effects. These effects continue to work on their charm. No less than no more than six directors are on the list for a technocolor film that played Saba as a baby thief, Abu, John Justin as dreamy in love with monarch Ahmad and Jun Duprez as the beautiful princess Ahmad asked for and was looking for the evil vizier, Jaffar, played by the evil Conrad Veidt. The gene was largely reacted by Rek Ingram. Ahmad is a bogeyman positioned by the Jaffa and when he is later caught by this treacherous snake, he and the boy, Abu, suffer what clearly incapacitates fate. Ahmad is blinded and Abu becomes a lovely joke. Their adventures through the cheerful Hollywood backdrop are fun, but special effects make this film work. Two men are responsible for everything from a magical flying carpet to a huge gini that pops out of a bottle with a black twist-like twist: Lavrence V. Butler and Tom Howard. (Howard accidentally made special effects for the 1961 version of this film. Both men are a long and respected career in technical sorcery.) Duprez is extremely beautiful while a little is called for serious acting. Justin Ahmad projectes a moving but dreamy romanticism intact with erotic impulses. Sabu is really the main actor in many scenes and is very good. For a movie that is intended for children, as well as adults, there is a lot of violence, but a bloodless species. Still, I do not think anyone under eight should have seen the "Bag of Baghdad". This movie occasionally appears on TV, but today my son is a teenager and I watched it in the theater. young people are present. It was great to see computer-stunning kids in a rich community, to respond and clap with the special effects that they have to look like primitive. Baghdad Thief is a pre-war Hollywood classic from a time when powerful production values ​​often resulted in permanently attractive and important releases. This is one of the best of this kind. 9/10.
