Since the musicals went out of fashion and incredibly expensive to make all the talent needed to make a contract in the studio, I doubt that we will ever get a real story about Enric Carus. But if everything else was in place, it was no coincidence that no Hollywood studio attempted this task until Metro-Goldwin-Maier had no contract with Mario Lanz. No one else could do that, I doubt that he will ever try again. And why should it take. I think Enrico Caruso himself would be pleased that his singing was shown on the screen. Because his tenor's voice was his life, his reason to be on earth. To say that the freedoms taken with his life must be modest. Caruso, as well as the man who portrayed him, was a man of great appetites, though with much more self-discipline. He had many connections with several women and father of two sons outside of marriage who are not in this film. His contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost imagined. He was shown in the studio once in his late life. In fact, he began filming at the end of the last century and together with Irish tenor John McCormack for RCA Victor, he made the recording industry what it became. When Caruso and McCormack were at their heights, you practically had to inherit the map to see if any of them were live. But many immigrant Italian and Irish families had a phonograph and a record or three of these people. That's why both have become legends of being. What the movie has are some beautifully set opera arias by Mario Lanza, and the taste of what he could have been disciplined by Carus is being held by the opera. Grand Caruso won the Oscars for sound recording and received nominations for costume design and set design. Mario helped promote the movie with the RCA Red Seal album of the Great Carus songs. Unfortunately, due to contractual obligations, we could not get the current cast album with Ann Blith, Dorothy Kirsten and Jarmila Novotna. Although Blith sang in the movie, Lanza recorded a hit Greatest Night of the Year, which additionally helped popularize the Great Carus. If you are looking for Enric Carus's life, that's not it. If you are looking for a great artist who sings at the height of your career, then you should not miss the Great Caruso.
