Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" in this 1951 film, featuring Ann Blith, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a very fictionalized biography of the legendary, world-renowned tenor whose name is known today. , Blanche Thebe and other operas that appeared in the film. If you are a purist, seeing people on the scene smiling at Lucia's sexting will seem strange - even if Carus's wife Dorothy just had a girlfriend. It is also unlikely that Caruso ever sang Edgard in Lucia; The role was too high for him. Taking a dramatic license, the script leaves some very dramatic parts of Carus's life. What was so important for him was that he actually created roles in operas that are now in the standard repertoire, but this is never mentioned in the movie. These roles include Maurizia in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "Girl of the Golden Vest", there is a famous photo of him posing with a list wrapped around him like that. The reason for this photo? His only shirt was in the laundry. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with Victor Talking Machine (later RCA Victor). He sang Hose in Carmen, San Francisco, in the night of the earthquake. Instead, the story of the MGM was basically dying on the stage during the Marthe show, which never happened. He had bleeding during the L'Elisir d'Amore in Met and he could not finish the performance; he sang three more times in Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis. His first role in Met is not Radames in Aida, as stated in the film, but the Duke of Rigoletto. So, when the "suggested Dorothy Caruso biography about her husband" is on the screen, that's what was suggested. It is true that Dorothy's father renounced her marriage and left her $ 1 of her large assets. They also had a daughter Gloria (who died at the age of 79 on October 7, 2007). However, Caruso had four more children by his mistress before he married Dorothy. voice is unlike Lanzin. In fact, from his sound, if he wanted, Caruso could sing as a baritone. It is thought that he had some problems with high notes, another proof of the Baritone tilt; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role, which Lanza definitely did not. Lance's voice deserved not to compare it with the other. It is a unique contribution to film history, popularizing opera music. Songs for "Great Carus" with strong energy; He's really here at the peak of a short career. His action is natural and sincere. Ann Blith is beautiful as Dorothy and she sings alone. It's really a movie for opera lovers and Lanze fans, who are probably one and the same.
