After an occasional meeting in the train, the young couple spend one night walking through the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before the sunrise" is watching a young Julie Delphi to deliver her lines. As "Celine", this sexy, smart, soulful, blonde, blonde is a kind of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in their mid-twenties. Risking exaggeration, Celine is practically an ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine while she is natural, unpretentious, introspective and selflessly loved. We can easily forgive him for being somewhat eccentric and telling the blue trail, occasionally penetrating for his sincere, intelligent remarks. In addition, her various expressions are nothing more than amazing, and she speaks English with French accent, which is very expensive. If there is a fly in this good movie, it should be her messy and disheartened skeleton. Ethan Havke as "Jessie" turns out to be a foggy sad saliva, somehow like Mainard G. Krebs in the nineties. Trying to look separate and nonchalant, he somehow pulls through certain shots. His trousers fit in badly, his t-shirt is unwrapped, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive feature) needs good wash, and someone should really show him how to properly prune his young goat's beard. Nevertheless, he should represent an unpaid youngster on a two-week train ride across Europe, so that the look he was working on was probably quite authentic. His cynical observations and the humorous sense of humor seem to be an impressive relentlessly romantic Celine, although occasionally disturbed by the extent of his father's death, . When he finally acknowledges that he is very troubled by himself and likes to be close to her, because he feels like the other person in her presence, we know he comes somewhere. After their collective assets blossomed into a row of cafes, bars and silly turns, they agree that because they might never see each other again, they should use it. Jesse smashed a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender so that he and his new lady could repair love in a local park in the middle of the night in order to lay on the grass, watch the moon and the stars and watch the sun come up. Given his unlimited fortunes in the romance department, he is especially disturbing when Jessie, like the very definition of naive twitching, foolishly allows this beautiful young woman to slip out of his hand. He satisfied himself with a half-exhausted plan, quickly designed at the railway station, when he asked her to reunite in the same place in half a year. When a certain time comes, you only know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved in another, perhaps even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, she probably will not appear, while Jesse, who ends up in Target or (if lucky) a local library, returns to Vienna, desperately wants to see her again, only to finish it alone. /> <br /> Despite being a very discouraging conclusion to me, "Before Sunrise" is a wonderful movie. I recommend this and the continuation, "Before Sunset".
