Last night I managed to catch a double late night show Before Sunrise (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and I saw both films in a row, without really having the chance to catch my breath or think about the meaning of each film separately . After sleeping, I have to say that I like this much more, and I will explain why. Before Sunrise introduces us to young actors, Ethan Havke (Realty Bites, Dead Poets) Society, only 25 at the time of the release of the film; and Julie Delpi (Trilogy Three Colors), then 26 (although she looks much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer, visiting Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; She is a young French student, on her way home to Paris. They meet on a Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to leave the train together. Two deep spiritual and intellectual individuals spend the night together, walking along the beautiful streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling into love. The film was written all over the world in the 1990s: then the Technology jumped rapidly, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams waited around the corner, and young people like those shown in the movie were filled with love for life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Havke) and Celine (Delphi), with all their drawbacks and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, if wrong or deliberately, was half American-half French, and shifted from one spectrum to another, breaking character charac- teristics), were mirror of time. Watching a naive couple is swallowing life with such sense and excitement, playing all the clichés and romantic but succeeding that the audience falls after them is what really made this film for me. The fact that the director does not let you know if their relationship continues after the movie or does not make it even more valuable. All in all, Sunrise is a dreamy walk to urban landscapes Vienna, a well-known classic romantic meeting, and a movie that I will definitely return to the future.
