When I watched this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 through free advanced projection, I was totally enchanted and I would gladly pay to see it. I was sorry when I later spoke to many people who saw it and who were completely disappointed and how it ended. On the other hand, I am completely the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the outcome and everything else. The people I spoke to say they have too many stories! In addition, they were dissatisfied because they thought the end would end with the question of the fate of two characters. I think these observations are absurd and that they are also painful evidence that most American filmmakers seem to have a tendency to want to easily watch stories in movies with not too complicated and intelligent dialogue so as not to get confused. They also like to make ends meet - happy or sad. I'm sick of it. Nobody wants to be challenged anymore? As far as the ending (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I am completely satisfied because I know in the heart that these two characters will be seen again. Everything is in your personal faith in romance and fate. It's a very personal movie that does not tell all people. But that surely spoke to me. Give him a chance! Be patient! Richard Linklater created a very beautiful movie with a beautiful story set on the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. Watching makes it feel like you walk along the streets of the city along with the characters. It's like you stumbled across Europe at the Eurail Pass. It's very intimate. Plus, Ethan Havke and Julie Delphi are doing an extraordinary job to bring a complex scenario to life. They must have improvised in some parts and function well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their disadvantage as strangers who get acquainted at the beginning are very convincing and you can really feel that romance and relationship develop between them as the movie progresses. I have the feeling that this was a very personal affair for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for making this film. It definitely touched me and I hope to touch the other. Bravo za romantiku !!!
