I bought a DVD "Before sunset," and I saw it for the first time a week ago. Since I saw him twice, I could not see Pre Sunrise, not because the sequel was not so good, but I felt that these two films complement each other, as is the case with other sequences. I feel the need and desire to see the other. So, in the end, I spent a couple of weeks looking at them both times, it would be rather unpleasant to mention exactly how many times. The most prominent thing about Pre Sunrise is how you feel the development of the feelings of their characters towards each other. Sounds so simple, the rise in chemistry, I think other romantic films might think they can follow the development, but I do not believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first movie that really gives viewers an opportunity to feel it. When I first saw it, about eight years ago when I was 20, I liked it. But I did not rate him as a "big movie", it still seemed to me like a good second movie, Linklater was too smart to be more realistic, it was too long for 10 minutes, the characters were too many. well thought out, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I enjoyed their conversations, etc. etc. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel that this is more about Sunrise than I felt for him before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. Since each of them is a separate element in itself, and have the chance to mix, the story is only a frame of time, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that every scene has, as well as its refusal to be overly effective, as far as I was blind, these qualities did not seem to me remarkable when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, the more films I see, the more I realize that many films are just a collection of arranged scenes that exist only because of its completion, even movies like Pulp Fiction or Linklaters' own Slackers. The story of Jesse and Celine is avoided, perhaps before Sunset is a better example in this case, but before Sunrise is also one of several films that its ending is just a consequence of time, not destination, each scene has its own life. I do not know if Linklater or anyone else had a continuation in mind when they were made before sunrise, but for me it's one of the most amazing things in these sequences as these two films visually contrast. Before sunrise, which I think uses more static angels and brighter color schemes, it seems that they are trying to capture the smallest living universe around Jesse and Celine, the world is always hopeful whether the characters feel it or not. In the meantime, I'm entering a vision of boredom while Jesse talked with reporters in Before Sunset, and Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the most cordial smile I've seen at the beginning of the movie, and many moving images after that lead me to a place that I do not know with grief in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am, they meet again. I'm sorry to have been dealing with my limited English language for such a long time. Before Sunrise Sunrise is already a remarkable movie, and I do not pour out my scattered thoughts, and it gets even better with an equally big sequel that follows it.
