Before Sunrise has many incredible things, it almost fits them into such a review, but it's enough to say that this is one of the most significant studies of the character of the nineties, perhaps even in the contemporary film, to be cautious about love, say, how much about human ties. How does he fall in love with the first look? Nobody knows, at least it's deep in the consensus that Linklater wants to show with her movie. And yet * there is a possibility that an intense connection, a relationship that can be formed in young people and with many ideas that can be expressed articulated and with the breadth of cynicism and in some way very gentle and true. time. Linklater gives us a story here about Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy coming out of the same train to Vienna, and on the way starting to talk about things, first arbitrary, and then personal (Jessie sees death for the first time in his grandfather) . Jessie urges Celine to go with him to the night to "the city", to Vienna, to his plane the next morning. Before sunrise Jessie and Celine, in the midst of the beautiful Vienna landscape and the sites that need to continue and lead on topics of great importance, and in some way related to the act of conversation, to how it is watch people who lead one in the other and another. Here, it's often about relationships and obligations, as Jessie and Celine tell stories sometimes somewhat inconsistent, or seemingly, and others that can tell a lot about their essential qualities. We hear the confession of desire for other love, or what they really did not like, being part of the family or part of the upbringing that may or may not inform you how you will love your life, what it means to believe or do not believe in a religious form, or just have some connection with any faith and soul (I loved something about quakers in the church), and sometimes with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for that last part, but what is fascinating in the movie is that she is never cynical in herself, merely commenting on the cynicism that lies in the concerns of men and women at that time of their lives. In the meantime, it's always great to see Ethan Havke and Julie Delphi in these roles, where they are not constantly boring in the 90th generation of Generation-X, but there are types of people where, if not in the central idea of ​​the film, what it's not bad at all, but it's necessary, you might think that some of the streets of the city are somewhere. The uneasiness is in the old romantic picture of the Brief Encounter, only here the intimacy is expressed in the central characters or between them, where sweet parties are acceptable ("I must tell you the secret," says Jessie, and then leans) for a kiss, ho), or in small moments that appear together with other people. I liked the scene with a poet, where it is a very cinematic thing to suddenly find a random romantic player in the middle of a romantic picture with such beautiful words available, or with a palm reader and how the Jessie and Celina reactions. whether we could share it, but we really see how they do it first hand. As long as Havke and Delphi play the role of the role interesting - we can see how neuroses are created, but for their adult lives - as it can lead to the future ... With brilliant cinema and scenario with ears for natural reason and genuine the feeling of what it means to have a moment of happiness, however much it is self-sufficient, because it can lead to something more. Who can say that one can not suddenly bind someone, at least in less than 24 hours, and be more attached than a married couple? This may be Linklater's thesis, but there's more to it than that. It's a very thick film, and one that will make me call it again. Especially a scene, which is both worthless and brilliant when the two of them talk "telephone" in front of them, mimicking their exposure, can go to another friend. A +
