Many of the criticisms on this topic seem to be choosing to compare this film with "Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the movies they choose, but the similarities between "Mortal Storm" and "Vatch on the Rhine" are apparently the refugee problems of the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point of "Casablanca" seems to be the unjust treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the side of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, because they chose Paul Lukas for the Oscar for Best Actress. It does not look completely wrong to me. Lukas had a good career in the film (and here in England - he is a loser in "The Ladi Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart had several great performances in him than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored for Sam Spade in The Maltese Falcon and Roi Earle in "High Sierra" two years earlier, both of which were first-class performances, and he did not he would have won Oscars for his greatest performances such as Fred C. Dobbs in The Treasure Of Sierra Madres, a suspect in the "In A Lonely Place" writer / killer, and captain Philip Francis Kueeg at "The Caine Mutina" after that - for Charleia in "The African Kueen"). I think that Bogie was supposed to get it for the role of Dobbs, but that did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he got the definitive effect of his lesser career. Few can claim it. Me is a movie I watch with "Vatch On The Rhine" based on another drama / script written by Hellman, "The Searching Vind". They both look at the American spirit of isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Vind" is really looking at the entire interwar period, while "Vatch on the Rhine", set in years that just started with our entry into World War II, has been working for several weeks. Therefore it is better to construct it as a game, and it is more meaningful for its influence. The film has many good performances, led by Lucas as a exhausted but determined Nazi-fighter / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping his character as weak as possible because Lukas was Coulouris as a selfish, crippled, but ultimately stupid and ineffective Teck, Lucille Vatson as mother Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (like Coulouris wiser and sadder and fed by a woman), and Kurt Katch, who brings a devastating critique (like the head of the Gestapo local embassy) about Coulouris and others to deal with The witness talks to the end, when Coulouris left with Lucas and Davis and said: "The New World has left the scene in the Old World". Hellman sometimes wrote well. <Br /> Given the strength of the film scenario and performance, I would highly appreciate this film among World War II films.
