Lillian Hellman, one of the most famous American drama writers, was a missionary woman. Her left-wing attitudes at that time in the country were not well understood. In her memoirs, she talks about her journey to the then Soviet Union, because she was intrigued by the so-called successes of the system. "The Guard on the Rhine" must have come as a result of those years. The left wing in America, as elsewhere in the world, had a problem with the rise of fascism, not only in Europe, but also in Japan. "Watch out for Rhine" was a show on Broadway eight months before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. In her, Mrs. Hellman announced America's entry into World War II. The adaptation was attributed to Ms. Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, her longtime companion. As directed by Herman Schumlin, the film was well received when it was first premiered in 1943. They cross the border with the United States from Mexico. They should continue to Ms. Muller's house in Washington, DC, where her mother, Fanny Farrelli, is a small housewife of the celebrity. Mullers, we understand that he is fleeing from Europe because of persecution against the opponent of the totalitarian regime in Germany. In fact, we thought, in a way, that the Mulleri could have been better justified if the Jews were fleeing from safe extermination. We found that the g. as well as in other places, because of his openness in the conviction of Fashima. He knows little that he comes to his mother-in-law's house in one of the worst expositions of this philosophy. The film offers great acting everywhere around. It's curious about the support of Bette Davis. Paul Lukas, repeating his role at Broadway, is quite convincing as Kurt Muller, an honest man who wants to make a better world for himself and his family. Mr. Lukas is distinguished by the great work of portraying Kurt Muller, repeating the role he has made on the Broadway stage. . Geraldine Fitzgerald is perceived as Marthe de Brancovis, the guest of Farrellis, the marriage of contempt for Teck de Brancovis, a Nazi sympathizer played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Voods and the rest of the supporting actors give good performances guided by Mr. Shumlina.
