Sunrise is a romantic for a lazy generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an unusual story about dreams for most people. The film shows romance in all its glory, but without any traps that fall in most of the couples; and in short the film is about two people who have a relationship that is closest to perfection, because relations will ever come - just one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships fall over with time, this is constantly evolving and time is the only thing to worsen. Before Sunrise is certainly not a typical sentimental 'Hollywood romance', which is another aspect that puts this film in front of the pretenders. The story follows two men, Jesse; American and Celine; A French girl who meets a train to Vienna. They connect immediately, and after telling her horrid idea for a television show and almost getting out of the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for a day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... Before sunrise It works mainly for two reasons - a realistic acting and a huge scenario that builds characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus enables us to get to know them as we do with people in real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it is easy to believe that they are real people, not just actors who work from the script. It also allows us to feel for characters that are, and not just because they are protagonists. This kind of realism is difficult to catch, because at the end of the day, as audiences we know that they watch a movie and do not observe real life; but before sunrise, it is one of the most prominent life shows of realism ever seen on the screen. A truly brilliant script can not work by itself and it takes great actors to deliver it to the point of doing it fairly, and although I'm not a fan of Julie Depli or Ethan Havka; when watching this movie, you can do nothing, but give them both respect. I do not know if they were in character or played alone, but when the movie is good; In a film like this, it's writing that's the most important thing, and it's included in the script of a few observations of life, of which I personally could relate. This is what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script, not only to create and build characters, but also to reveal what is true love, along with several other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes are related to me personally again represents the glow of writing. Each is different, so different scenes will attract different people. There may be a certain aspect of a person that a person loves, and another hates; and this is the case with the considerations in this scenario. Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not very important for the film because it is a story that could have happened anywhere - but it seems to be some nice visions and an optimistic, energetic romance that flourishes throughout the film and coincides with the beauty of the location. Before Sunrise Sunrise is both beautiful and amazing at the same time. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the film world; a film that captures the beauty of life, never crossing over the top or being too sentimental. Sunrise is what it is. And what is it is pure cinema luminosity.
