When I found the film in the schedule for Christmas, his title did not sound familiar to me because I did not read the novel and I did not hear anything about the movie. However, after I read the content, I decided to spend my Christmas Eve on watching the movie. The effect was quite surprising: I do not remember when I last saw a movie in which every moment involved me. VOV TO CHERISH is, without a doubt, one of the films now present the real surprise I got from the movie. Here are some of my arguments about why I regard this film as a very underrated good movie. First, the entire content is particularly educational. There is something that he can offer to the modern audience - pure real faith and some answers to universal questions. Is there a need for Christ in our times? Does Love Continue? Why is it faith? What is the logic of burden and suffering in life? Is there really someone on my side that I can always trust? The film provides answers through content because everything that happens to characters can happen to each of us. Second, the film is extremely human. The main characters experience internal struggles and struggle with extremely difficult decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their lives and forget their family or retain the values ​​they learned at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife, and start a new happy life with Donna Bullock, a woman she falls in love with? In fact, Ellen does not recognize him anymore ... Yet, he decides to promise his wife for eternal loyalty. That John's rebellious brother, Phil (D. David Morin), is better to continue his lightweight life, although it does not bring him pleasure or to start seriously thinking about his life once. Phil's prayer to God in the park is a psychological masterpiece of the universal aspect of humanity. These words could be well spoken by everyone, no matter where, when and how they live. Third, the film is a great picture of the family, which is not very popular today: there are problems, however, there is always something more powerful that connects those people. This "something" is love and trust. I know it may look a little idealistic. Not all families can rely on faith and may not be that simple. However, it is a very educational aspect and realistic. Fourth, the entire film focuses on mutual help from people. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we need to understand one thing: we need to help each other. Ossie Davis is an example of this attitude. At the beginning of the film, we see him talk to John about prayer. Later, he helps his brother. Alexander is some sort of "angel" sent to John and his family. Is it not possible that we become angels to each other? Fifth, the artistic features are also worth the attention. PERFORMANCE: Barbara Babcock gives an authentic performance like Ellen, and although she has a difficult role, she does a perfect job. Consider, for example, the moment when she appears at school and she does not want to teach her again. Ken Howard is also remembered as a faithful husband. PICTURE: The most striking thing for me was the scene of John and Ellen in the park that walked on fallen leaves (autumn), while the sun (love) spreads everywhere. I have interpreted it as some sort of symbol: even if there is sorrow, it can always be illuminated by light and joy ... VOV TO CHERISH is a wonderful movie that really showed me what it means I love, what is faithfulness, once again showed me how to live and believe in it. In the end, I want to quote the deep words from the movie that I found very touching and I hope you will do it. Kile to your Uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives according to the Bible. But nobody forced you to do this. However, under what rules do you live?
