I'll tell you the story of the summer of 1994. My friend and I attended a concert in Canada at Barrie, and that was who was the top Canadian band of that time. We arrived there about 4 o'clock in the morning, waited in the order of most of the morning, and when the door opened at 9 in the morning, we were among the first in the door. Then we waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly sang, but we did not care, because the headliners were among our favorites. At one point, early in the afternoon, I sat down and grabbed my back against the barrier. I woke up to my shock and horror about the screaming girl who was wearing a shirt of rheostatics. That's why I hated reostatics to this day. There is nothing sensible, tastefully defined, or really nothing but their fandom. Nervous of me, is not it? So, in my hatred for the band, I, myself, has deprived myself of the pleasure that is the music of whales. Desmond Hovl had everything. It's hard to say what he lost because he lives in a fantastic villa located between the oceans and mountains (the BC region in which the captured film takes a breath). The life that most of us dream of has been destroyed by dreams, phantoms and our own past, until the day the criminal of the teenager broke into ... and, as it sounds banally, he breaks it. Canadian Cinema suffers from several problems. Generally, the lack of money, as well as the unbearable lack of seeking help (as if one of these features ceased to be Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not like to watch anything that sounds or looks good , not as an American film. Then, Canadian screenwriters often seem so preoccupied with the strange fact that they lose sight of how to tell a good story, and they are well apologized. Third, it seems to think that a free naked (often full of front) is something artistic. I'm sure that anyone who watches enough Canadian films, especially late at night on the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "not doing this" manual there somewhere and Canadian filmmakers have long since discarded it. However, in the 90s and 00s, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and brilliant CRAZY) broke this mold, and managed to maintain what makes them Canadian while holding for productive values ​​and excellent stories. Vhale Music is such a film, on the surface. Deeper than its Canadian poems, it is a profound story of a man who lost his grip, through grief and surplus, redeemed by music, and then by love. And it even raises reostatics. :)
