Charming does not even begin to describe "Saving Grace;" it's absolutely irresistible! Anyone who embarks on this film will abandon their moods exalted (haha). Grace Trevethin (Brenda Blethin) just lost her husband, but her problems will become much worse. Her dear went without money and debts. Faced with losing everything, it has to find a way to get a lot of money ... fast! She gets an idea when her gardener Matthews (Craig Ferguson) asks the city drill to give him advice on a plant that is secretly growing. Grace immediately realizes that his plant is marijuana, so they decide to use her gardening skills to grow a lot of quality weeds, and then sell it to pay off their debts. About "Saving Grace" is his sympathy. Each character is extremely cute, and apart from the first 20 minutes, the film is always good. Everyone wants a happy ending for everyone, even if it means that you should close your eyes against some illegal activities. The performance is top-notch. Brenda Bletin is one of the best British actresses, and here's why. What could have been a caricature turned into a completely living and disposing individual. She's a nice lady, but she's not stupid. Craig Ferguson is just as kind as Matthews. He's a loser, but he's so cute that it does not matter. The rest of the ensemble also fits into this category, but specifically Tcheki Kario should be mentioned. A French actor always has an aura of danger to him, and he suits him well, but he also has great comedy skills. Nigel Cole finds the perfect tone for "Saving Grace". Everything is charmed. One of the problems I have with British humor is that it seems that all energy is taken out of the movie. Not here. The film is completely cute and always fun. That does not mean that "Saving Grace" is just a nice movie that will leave you with a smile and a good feeling. Although this film is not an extraordinary comedy, it can boast of two or three scenes that are nothing less than a hysterical one. If there is any problem with the film, it's that the highlight is a little confusing. The questions are still answered, and the ending can boast an unexpected turn. See "Saving Grace", especially when you have a bad day.
