"Emma" was a product of what could be called the first Big Jane Austen cycle of the mid-1990s, and recently featured on British television, undoubtedly because of the interest of the author who created the Second Great Cycle of Jane Austen, began with "Pride and Prejudice" before two years. We are currently in cinemas in Austin's biography "Becoming Jane," and ITV recently produced three TV films based on Austen's novels. This includes "Northanger Abbey", the only one of the six great novels that have not been recorded before, so the cycle should now be complete. There is no doubt that in the near future there will be much more. (After all, her juvenile "Love and freindish" (sic), the short novel "Ladi Susan", and someone, somewhere, undoubtedly delivered the completion of her two unfinished fragments "The Vatsons" and "Sanditon." All of them are Austen's sequences were invented by modern writers.) The main character is Emma Voodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (No, as some critics assumed, Victorian England - Austen died before Queen Victoria was even born). Emma, ​​in financial terms, is considerably better than most Austin heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fani Price, and there is no need to find herself a wealthy husband. Instead, it seems that her main preoccupation finds husbands for friends. She urges her friend Harriet to reject the proposal of a young farmer Robert Martine's marriage, believing that Harriet should direct attention to the ambitious priest of Mr. Elton. However, this scheme is catastrophically wrong, since Elton is not interested in Harriet, but he also fell in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma dismisses his proposal seems to ask why she was so interested in linking her friend with a man she (for good reason) considers an unsuitable spouse for herself. This is the act of Jane Austin, Emma turns out to be less dedicated to a gnuser than she looks, and she also falls in love, which leads to additional complications. Emma always insists that she will not marry without love, and when she finds a partner, the handsome Mr. Knightley, we think it will really be a loving marriage. However, it does not appear to be very passionate (as opposed to, say, Elizabeth Bennett and Darcy). Knightlei, who is sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21 years old, 37 years old), and related to her by marriage, is more like a father-figure than a lover. Much more than a paternal figure, in fact, from her real father, a disgusting and selfish old hypochondria that looks more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably gruff and boring friend Miss Bates, Knightley has criticized her for her lack of manners. (His last name probably meant that his gentlemen's nature - gentlemen of the nineteenth century - liked to regard himself as a modern equivalent of medieval knights with his elaborate chivalry codes. Both Gvineth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their roles very well, but this is not exactly one of the best romances on the screen. From other characters, I loved vulgar Mrs. Elton and Julie Stephenson from Harriet Tony Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet was a naive young teenager, while she is more like the character Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding" - a nasty, somewhat fat twenties, worried about her ability to find a man. Still, I felt that this characterization functioned well in the context of the film and did not take Austen's theme away. "Emma" is one of Austen's lightweight works, with no darker tone "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice," and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of magnificent houses and elegant bones and fine manners. In addition to the romantic Gypsies, which appear very briefly, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and living in a picturesque pink straw hut that would change hands today to 500,000 pounds, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, and not absolute. In Emin's world, poverty is defined as if it does not have its own home. This, of course, is not a comprehensive picture of life in the early nineteenth century, but no one has ever claimed Austen as the equivalent of the Regency of the Kitchen. A sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a sharp eye for human analysis, was more in its line. I would not rate this film as high as in 1994. "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride" and prejudice - has a tendency to retreat in the middle, although it has a strong start and a strong ending - but , in fact, it's a very comfortable adaptation of Austen. 7/10
