Well, I guess I'm emotionally tied to this movie, since it's the first one I went to see more than 10 times in the cinema ... helping me through my master's thesis, or rather keeping me not doing it! > But when you look at it for a few years (and many more movies) later - what a good jewel is made of! I've never seen Gwyneth Paltrow in a more convincing performance, and Jeremy Northam is the perfect g. Knightlei - where do we meet such a man ??? << <sigh> >> It's OK Sophie Thompson while Ms. Bates virtuosally acted best (oh, napkins, excuse me!), and the rest of the actors are not disappointing - Tony Colette brings a lot of Muriel to her Harriet, Evan McGregor is convincingly charming - and Alan Cumming and Juliet Stevenson are the perfect "impossible" couple! Naturally, sets and costumes, and a beautiful soundtrack, contribute to a much-good, almost Hobbit-like look at the film's atmosphere-although it's about visual and overloading in terms of cinema and artistic decoration. Very very nice, but a little more savings could convey a better sense of the period. But the good thing is that the film is not taken too seriously, and there's plenty of fun - and some pretty cool editing - that keeps it from getting sarcasm in Merri Old England. My particular is the favorite scene of the ball - some wonderful acting and directing here, and the final dance summarizes the relationship between Emma and Mr. It's a shame that the final stage of the proposal lasts only for too long - it has reduced two shots (I can remember exactly what!) And it would be much more in line with the rest of the film. God, I just understand (reading the imdb lists) that I saw Jeremy Northam in at least three films without being aware that this is him - it seems he has a lot more for him, as an actor, than just to be gentlemen's English hearts! Hmm, I guess I have to pay a video visit ... <br /> <BR> <BR> Divan movie. My favorite adaptation by Jane Austin so far - though perhaps Ang Lee Sense and Sensible, strictly speaking, better movie, this is closest to my heart - and certainly I've seen him many more times! Be careful if you can - and do not be too strict about his little disadvantages. <br /> <br />
