Romantic is in the air and love is blooming in the Victorian era in England, in this carefree story against society at a time when the manners were still fashionable, the ladies were charming and elegant, and the gentlemen fluttered. Emma, ​​based on the novel Jane Austin and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, starring Gwyneth Paltrow's lovers in the title role. A self-proclaimed conductor, Emma enjoys a romantic idea to play Kupidon and tries to match those she thinks are adapted to each other. After a successful marriage that ended in marriage, she now set her eyes on finding a partner for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the outcome of her initial attempt was less than satisfactory. In the meantime, her effort has been softened by the handsome gentleman, Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose insight into heart issues often seems to be a little more insightful than Emmina, and gives the necessary balance in the process. And Emma, ​​so worried about what is right for others, ignores the heart that is actually the most important of all: Her own. The world is going around and love abounds, but Emma will miss the boat. Fortunately for her, however, someone just waited for her on the wings. Now, if it can, but stop long enough to do it. But, as everyone who knew true love knows, heart issues can immediately go or correct, depending on the least thing; while Emma's romantic romance, she must first recognize her and use the moment. McGrath has produced and delivered a wonderful, good movie that is like breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. It may be a matter of innocence, but in retrospect, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing - in all sincerity - for everyone: Love. And with McGrath's flawless sense of rhythm and timing, everything here is played in a way that is fun and fun. It is a pleasant film that affects the movie, with a wonderful acting, which successfully transmits the viewer to another time and place. It's light food, but it absorbs; and picturesque environments and procedures provide a sense of wellbeing and calmness that allows you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow. Winning Paltrow, who won the Academy Award for Best Actress for "Shakespeare in Love" two years after he made this, it seems comfortable and right at home in this genre. She personifies all British things and does so with such a naturalness and ability that it is a kind of performance that is easily taken for granted, almost or completely ignored. She's just so good at what she does and she makes it so easy. She has a charismatic presence on the screen and a kind way, very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. Nevertheless, Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range and style and she has - with films such as "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "Perfect Murder" - that she can effectively play any part, and with that personal touch that plays every role which she has. But it's with characters like Emma that she really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so interesting, that she is a person with whom she can easily connect and which is just a joy to watch, regardless of the role she plays. And for Emma, ​​she is absolutely perfect. Jeremy Nortam is also very well-known in the role of Knightley, and as Paltrow, it seems to fit the genre - in the right role, that is,; His performance in the new 'Golden Bowl', played by the Italian Prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, it is perfect; He's handsome, and he's in such a way that Knightley makes it convincing and very real. Like Mr. Darcy of Colin Firth in miniseries' Pride and Prejudice, Northam has created an unforgettable character with his g. Knightleiem. An excellent role in supporting and worth mentioning are Tony Collette, Emmin's friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton. That is, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people, and as such they become a vital asset for the overall success of this film. And it shows how priceless players are supporting film in the world of film, and movies of any genre. Support is Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denis Havthorne (Mr. Voodhouse). Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Biron (Mrs. Goddard), Phillida Lav (Ms. Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfak) and Evan McGregor (Frank Churchill). The exquisite, elegant "Emma" movie is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of mercy and grace in a world that often faces embarrassment. Even if it is only through the magic of a silver canvas, it is nice to be able to escape into this world, even for a few hours, because it meets the need to restore faith in the human spirit. And it's the magic of movies. I appreciate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
