Seeing CUBE, I adored Vincenzo Natali's work. Natalie seems to have this incompetent ability to take a story, and hardly wraps it like a wet towel for all the story she can gather. Instead, he allows the stories to be uncovered in a natural way, so much so that in fact you can believe that there is that Cube when people try to escape, or in the case of NISHT, a large empty space where there is ... nothing! The ad was immediately hooked. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natalie does it so easily to forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of anything becomes something like the irony in the film. There is nothing there, but there is also "something". It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is very deceptive. I was lucky enough to realize that the film came on a more comedy side than what the trailer said otherwise. That's why, when watching a movie, I laughed each time, until somebody who made that ad could be completely confused. If I could take a minute to give the film some praise, where the film stands out, it's the concept. It's a genius concept to have a world of nothing and put two characters there, not two brilliant actors who will philosophize and elaborate their environment, but two idiots who have absolutely no clue as to where they are, hell! Another powerful point is film cinema, although this may not seem like this at first! Where every wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down only is white, the perception of depth becomes defective. It's hard to determine where things are in a mis-en-scene. Cinema has many moments in which it actually happens, but in most cases, the camera is set so that two characters, or object and figure, are in the foreground and background, allowing for a sense of depth. /> <br /> However, this film is missing in certain areas. The film is relatively short, but after some time, the news of this world becomes nothing but boring, and you want to find some form of resolution within the plot. We can also argue that the act is again questionable. These two characters are in a sense, unlike others, therefore we do not feel sympathetic to these characters. However, on the other hand, chemistry and friendship between two characters seem realistic enough, but something is missing. Even so, I do it as a totally entertaining movie! Do not let the trailer deceive you to think this is yet another movie about horror science. It's much more than a comedy! It's really worth watching, just because of the concept itself!
