Director Vincenzo Natalie for the first time showed his preference for characteristic science fiction movements with his 1997 short film "Elevated", in which three people remain trapped in an elevator while invisible monsters wander through the building. His later film project, Kocka, published later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of the elevator it was a huge expansion of interconnected cubic deathtraps. Both were wonderful attempts to make the genre of science fiction a step further, deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, instead of choosing to spend as much time focusing on the human element as the characters act, react and interact under incomprehensible and dangerous conditions . After studying the mainstream with Cipher in 2002, Natali returned to her bizarre trend of a characteristic film to bring us "Nothing," his latest, and by far the most optimistic and comic film about the broad film world "What if Dave (David Hevlett) and Andrev (Andrew Miller) are long-standing friends, gathered together by separating themselves from society and the lack of anyone else to be. Dave, who has always been hindered by selfish and somewhat subdued nature, lives without Andre in his poorly-located and poorly built house, users the advantage of Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all this, these two are happy together, while one day their deep-rooted defects, together with some astronomical bad luck, do not lead in the midst of some rather serious problems in prison and punishment. , discover that their house is considered incapable of existence and will be demolished before sunset, so that in the foggy, horrible panic of everything that goes wrong for them, they want the whole world simply to disappear. And further. The sequel to synopsis would compromise quite a slow (occasionally slow) film about what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they deal with their new reality. Natalie is fascinated by the study of human behavior under pressure (ala The Birds), but simply because the main hero, not strangers, managed to break away from the element of the thriller and horror in this room to open it more comfortable and optimistic. It's almost like he made an aphoristic contrast to Cube. Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In accordance with basic realism, our anti-hero dynamics often become antagonistic, sometimes with quite nasty results. Like the game "The Desert Islands", the film sees that even the best friends, when left alone, can break apart, but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very distorted, science-fantastic way, this is a good flick, with good heart and good intentions. However, there are some suspicions to be had with "None". While the two leading actors, Hevlett and Miller, work well with their parts, their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have, given that they are totally on them to have fun for most of the hour. There is some development in the relationship of Dave and Andrew, something is given, but in the end it is not enough. A generous viewer will sit through less interesting parts of the film to look at it completely, but the cynics will probably very quickly give up. The operation, as mentioned above, is adequate and taking into account the amount of 'green screen' that would be needed, reasonably convincing. David Hevlett and Andrew Miller, who wrote the script, were long-standing friends Vincenzo Natali: Hevlett is actually shown in every film Natali made. Perhaps their creative contribution has directed this film in a more positive direction. Still, the story could be much more involved. Of course, this is relatively fun considering that nothing is happening, but the impression is that in more experienced hands, much more could be done with this assumption. All right, "Nothing" is an impressive deal in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the scenario operates at the human level and, above all, shows progress in Natalia's creative mentality. For lovers of his work, this will be a delight, and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little unwanted time. It's just a pity that the director's fixation on human drama has prevented him from being a great, entertaining movie that could have been.
