A little changed, "Nothing" can be a children's movie. It's a very smart concept, it touches on some interesting metaphysical themes, and it goes against almost every Hollywood convention you can imagine ... what goes against everything more than, literally, "nothing"? Nothing tells about two friends who want the world to go when things go wrong with their lives. All that remains is what they do not hate, and the large empty empty space. It's hard to focus a story on just two actors for most of your movie, especially without any cutting of anything that happens outside the plot. It focuses on almost one topic, but it is the prime territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen 'Cube', you already know that he likes this situation. "Nothing" in this movie is obviously infinite space, but Natalie somehow manages to do it somewhat claustrophobic, even because it literally has nothing else, and nowhere else to go. Actors sell it, although you can say that these guys are friends anyway. Two actors from 'Cube' return here (Vorth and Kazan), but they are completely different characters. They change through the story, and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, at least they are convincing. The reason I say that this could be a children's movie under real tuning is because apart from a few f-bombs and some unnecessary bloody dream sequences, the hype and often stupid feeling of this movie could be digested very easily by children. So it seems to me a strange choice that the writers have decided to add a bit of stupid tongue and a small amount upstairs, especially since there is not much to do. It was easy to get a PG rating that they just cut out a few things and changed the dialogue. It's a little unwelcome about this movie, but it's enough that parents do not want their children to see. I'm just saying it's a pity because I do not support censorship, but because it's the only thing that prevents this film from having a wider exposition. In any case, this is a reasonably entertaining movie, although with a few drawn scenes. But because it is literally nothing but nothing but focuses exclusively on two characters and their interaction with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
