The premise of this film has been tilting my imagination for some time. We all heard or read about it in some kind of text. What would you do if you were completely alone in the world? What would you do to make the whole world suddenly disappear before your eyes? In fact, the last part is what happens to Dave and Andrew, two maidens living in a ruined house amidst the highway system. Andrew is the most powerful nerve and Dave is considered one of the greatest losers of society. Only that is the main reason why these two types agree so well, because they only have one another to turn when needed consolingly. Just until ... Right from the beginning of the film they are experiencing a lot of problems. Both men get involved in crime, Andrev suffers from paranoia and simply does not dare to leave the house. Dave is unsuccessful in his work and his colleagues do not behave well with him and with the respect he deserves. The amount of problems they face constantly grows until one day they face the inevitable and face it. This is too much for them and they want everything to go away ... And of course, that's exactly what's happening. The rest of the story puts Dave and Andrea to nothing in this world. . In the beginning they are surprised and have problems understanding and dealing with the characteristics of this crazy environment, but later they discover that they can do everything they want because they seem to be the only ones left. > Nothing features an incredibly small role - in fact, except for the first couple of footage from the film, we see only Dave (David Hevlett) and Andrew Miller in the entire film. It is clear that, in order to do this, actors must be more than they are for the task, because in a world in which nothing exists there is nothing that could distract viewers in any way. Vincenzo decided to use a reasonable amount of close-ups to be more interesting and actually works pretty well. Director of Photography, Derek Rogers, also has a nice way to tease the audience by denying visual information, especially when the character sees something and reacts to it, but we do not see it immediately. Obviously, this can not be a movie that triggers events and is not. A large part of the action occurs outside their home when they move in the void. And there are some of the most lively scenes taking place, especially in the event that Andrev discovers a candy bar. Now you can think: "What does it look like?" Well, it looks like nothing. The whole world is nothing white ... white no matter in which direction you are looking. This is the weakness of this film ... After an hour or less it becomes very boring to watch and there must be an event to make sure it's more interesting to look at. Thank God, there are. For example, when two guys, because of the properties of nothing, are able to jump very high as if nothing was made of ... tofu (as Andrev claims). It's fun to see how they are currently able to use nothing to become the gods of their own small company. One of the best parts of the film is set ... Producer Jasna Stefanovic has done a wonderful job in this movie, the house in which these two boys live so it's unnatural fun to watch, but it seems that the right is that these two live in this place. Overall, the production design is no doubt one of the most powerful aspects of this film, and the movie really worth watching ... <BR> <BR> The best part of the movie is acting. Both David Hevlett and Andrew Miller really look like professional actors. The camera is on them for every second of the film and, as mentioned earlier, there are not nearly any requisites in the film, they are really on the bare scene. With the abundance of character development and some decent one-liners, smart dialogue (sometimes hilariously stupid) is all about it - and it really moves a movie from a low-budget area to a well-made manual work. > Let's talk a little about the visual effects, because they are certainly worth mentioning. Nothing applies to digital visual effects and prosthetics that is equal to every modern horror movie. There is a pretty scary dream sequence in the film, and although the Drevs have completely muted this scene, it's still fun to watch. One of the best visual effects in the movie is where Andrev and Dave suddenly discover their power in this environment - they have the ability to get everything done, so what if they can do it the other way around and things happen? "Nothing" is a bright and well-lit film, it really helps to promote the idea that they are probably dead (this is actually one of their theories), but "Nothing" is a comedy and it slowly destroys its theory. We do not know where and what happened to them. We do not know if it will ever come out, because the film ends before we see something similar. By the way, by the way, it's not as good as it could be. It is very easy to predict what will happen, but the writers have invented a few incidents that will help him to be a little more interesting and in the end, he is quite satisfying. Take "Cavity" Man, Kill Bill, Cube, Epoch, and many other movies and you have "Nothing". It's actually amalgam of different styles, there's still no other movie (at least I know) Nothing is real. For people who remember the original comment on the production of a cube on their DVD, they might recall that Vincenzo Natali spoke about how he came up with the story of Cube. Talking about him and Andrea Bijelića, who were at the same time maidens and both were in this utterly dumb room without the hope of coming out, "Nothing" could be a well-shown version of the Cuban story, and for this purpose, it's almost like that he is one of the cube signers. <br /> <br /> What to say? I enjoyed "Nothing", it's a great movie and the various parts of the film are extremely well made with many intelligent ideas, but I still feel that the movie is missing and I have a problem finding out what it is ... Maybe if we have "Nothing 2" I can answer to this question. "Nothing" is a great movie, but not as good as I expected. <br /> <br /> Final Rating: 7.5 / 10
