Nothing is fantastic! Simply! It's a movie that should not work, but still. Natalie remains in the Sci-Fi kingdom, but this film is also a comedy. Cipher seemed to be a big deal for Natalie ($ 7.5 million! Voo-hoo Well!) To be exhausted from the budget, so that with Nothing it's falling again. This is a low-budget, independent movie recording in the best way. Simple, old-fashioned narrative and an attempt to create a film for artistic merit, as is customary for hollywood reasons, are mostly financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing, and before you ask, it's not like Seinfeld! Mostly Andrev and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange house under two highways. Andrev is an aggressive travel agent who is agoraphobic while Dave is the best friend who is free to help him. Dave is still tired of this and has a beautiful girl he wants to move. However, according to bizarre mistakes, Dave finds out that his girlfriend embezzled a huge amount of money from Daves's workplace, accusing Dave, and Andrew was wrongly charged with sexually abusing the scout (Canadian humor!). As it turns out, Andriy's house will also be demolished and he can not stop this from happening while the house was built on land that did not need to be built. Both Andrew and Dave are in the house when the police and the demolition team come to call. They are desperate and can not escape, and in panic and confusion, as the police have broken into all pale. What happened? Did Dave and Andrev die? They woke up to find themselves in the house only if it was calm. No police, no demolition team, no angry scouts! What's happening is that Dave and Andy discover they have the ability to "want or hate". As they turned out, they hated the whole outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is shown as pure white. This means that setting movies is a home set, and then only white. The film is an interesting look at human isolation and psyche, and of course, since they spend more time alone without food and water, they begin to get tired. They found that they could hate hunger, which is useful, but it's obvious that things get out of control. I can not reveal much, but I have to say that the heads are reflecting a pretty scene. This film is strange, fun, interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natalie gathers two friends from Cube, David Hevlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and work well. They have to keep themselves 90% of the film and most of it in a pure white background, but it does. I certainly expect that it will get the same devil treatment as Cipher and should appear on DVD in a year or two in the countries. Nothing is a top-notch and unique movie and although it's not as good as Cube or Cipher, it proves once again that Natalie is one of the best and the best. So far, I can not wait for his next film. I swear God, he does not propose to the proposed necropolis, written and directed by the sick ADD, always shit Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old friend if Paul comes to your block, RUN !!! RUN LIKE THE VIND !! I hope and lure this guy to not take Hollivood like Alek Proias did (with a nice, pussi-footed, sugar-coated, helium lamp: I Robot!). Keep your eyes peeled for this guy. ****
