089: Footlight Parade (1933) - Posted on September 30, 1933, viewed 5/5/07. The Ice Cone is invented in New York. KEVIN: After a long and exciting break, we hit another Busby Berkeley musical from Varner Bros.. This time, it is an ultra-fast Parade Paravan, starring James Kagney as director Chester Kent. I'm 100% sure that Cagnei has channeled Berkeley with its unmanageable Kent performance, which has to come up with new ideas for performances at any moment. Joan Blondell is also great as an interesting secretary. Subplot Rubi Keeler / Dick Povell this time is not so big, but not less pleasant. One thing that confused me was the Berkeley show itself, which seemed too extravagant and complex to take on any stage, let alone the stage that would later feature the film. Obviously, Busby does not allow him to do anything like a story blocking him to compose the most musical numbers he can bring. I loved almost all this film to the end, with the shameless offensive number of "Shanghai Lil", which, as you can guess, is like turning into a stomach, because racially distasteful performances come. DOUG: Six films for three months. There must be a new record. In any case, this ends Varner Bros.. the musical trilogy of 1933, preceded by '42. street 'and' gold diggers from 1933 ' I would definitely recommend that I look at all three in a row. I wonder if James Cagnei channeled Busby Berkeley while playing Chester Kent in this movie, or if it's a written role inspired by Busby. I hope it was; It seems to make sense that Berkeley is the type of man who will develop dances in everyday events as Chester does. The strange thing about Cagnei was that it did not look like a leading man in the traditional sense. He had a 5'7 "square head and spoke with a strange New York accent. But the guy was quite versatile, from the poison gangsters that made him so famous to the fast-moving types of manufacturers we see here. Basically, he was the leading man in the body actor, while the rest of the actors had some familiar faces, Joan Blondell returns and has almost stole the show as Cagney's loyal secretary, Dick Povell and Ruby Keeler. A sweet couple, but seems to get less time to screen than before, Billy Barti reappears as a mischievous impulse. The movie is you For musicals that are more adult-oriented and adult-oriented, compared to those in the 50's and 60's, they were more family-oriented, and the peak of Varner's musicals was that year (number "Shanghai Lil" He did not endure, and Keeler was doing a bad job looking for Chinese.) The Last Movie: Dinner at Eight (1933) The Next Movie: I'm Not an Angel (1933).
