When it came out, this was a pretty state of the music movie party. To date, it's more fun than the majority, largely because James Cagnei plays the lead role as producer of a musical prologue under a number of deadlines and is protected from all the storms by his faithful "Friday Fever" played by Joan Blondell. Also, the music numbers to the end that made up the Busby Berkeley were pretty much knocked out as much as it happened. But this is a pretty weird movie. I mean, in one of those numbers, you have Billy Barthes running around pretending to be a nice kid, doing all kinds of strange things. It seems that Rubi Keeler has a nasty smile at all times, but at least she is not obliged to act like in some of her later unfortunate films. You would never guess that Dick Povell was some kind of hard guy to see him in this movie; Obviously, all the energetic guy is assigned to the star Cagnei. As far as Cagney is concerned, his high speeds on music shows and so on are at the same time dear and boring. After a while, it gets too much. You expect him to come out and say: "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! Women are cigarettes, and they come out of a smoker's pocket! Oh, no, we did it last month!" It's funny, but it's a little repetitive. In moments when she has to deal with a bad girl, Ruth Donnelli, there are some of Cagney's famous gangster characters. In fact, the frequent B gangster director Villiam Keighley is credited with the dialogue, and sometimes it seems that Cagnei and Blondell are calling something very "street", although characters are not criminals. Muscle Numbers ... What Can You Say? They are alone as a party, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is truly amazing. But none of them means anything. That means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. The whole idea of ​​integration is immediately disintegrating, because the characters in the show are doing things that the theater audience can not appreciate as a film. For example, at one point they show a fine print on the newspapers, such things. The whole thing could exist only on the film, so the idea that the projections actually live broadcasts are funny. I can only assume that the audience of that time was somewhat less critical about these things than it would be ten years later, because it is a very smooth production. It's great to see Cagney's show. from his top dance skills, and he can really share a stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagnei and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are doing well. The music I would say is only central, but generally pleasant if it is repeated. Bacon's direction is generally very convenient, but never interesting. Film entertainment value is unquestionable and it also adopted some nostalgic value. It's a cut in most films of the thirties.
