An energetic young producer of theatrical projections (those who performed, usually a musical, often a movie in major cinemas in the past few days) must deal with distorted competition, false partners, unbelieving lovers and amateur talents to realize their dream of how to stay While closely similar to other Varner's musical spectacles, especially GOLDDIGGER films, this film had a special attraction that none of them had: Jimmi Cagnei. He is a wonder, loosely fused and gipastic, as straight as any cat - the creature that he actually mimics several times during the film. Cagnei captures the attention of spectators and never let go, feeding a dialogue with a quick fire and an unsettled plot with its charisma and charm. The rest of the actors give their best. Joan Blondel is perfect as a smart, smart, blonde blonde secretary, in love with Cagney (the main question - why she did not get the music number?). Dick Povell and Rubi Keeler are playing again on stage and off lovers; the fact that her singing and acting skills are a little on the skinny side compensate for her dancing; Povell still eats boyish enthusiasm in his unusual position as another male leader. Gui Kibbee & Hugh Herbert are very entertaining as brothers in law, both plan to cheat Cagnei in different ways. Ruth Donnelli achieves Kibbee's rich wife, a woman dedicated to handsome men. Frank McHugh's choreographic choreographer is a suitable film for Cagnei's spirits. Herman Bing is funny in his small scene as a music arranger. Mavens will spot little Billy Barthes, Jimmy Conlin, and maybe even John Garfield through music numbers. Finally, there is Busby Berkelei, a choreographer of nonpareil. His terpsichoric confectionery vessels, which were spread during the decade of the 1930s, were a prime example of film escapism that the depression wanted to enjoy. The big joke about Berkeley's creations, of course, was that they, as part of complications, should be theater productions. But no theater could ever hold these products of masterful imagination. These are perfect illustrations of the kind of entertainment provided by the camera alone. Berkeley's music offers mostly had two different approaches, or a story (often quite bizarre), told by song and dance; or astounding geometrically designed numbers, eye sweets, abundant horny girls, overhead cameras and a romantic melody. In extravagance, FUDLES PARADA is the highlight of three Berkeley masterclasses: 'Honeymoon Hotel' and its pre-production code that talks about Brown Nights; 'Bi A Waterfall' - dozens of unspoilt females, spraying, floating and diving in perfect patterns and designs (carefully watch and see how synchronous effects are achieved); and finally, 'Shanghai Lil' - a convenient tribute to talent and Cagnei & Berkeley.
