It's hard to say what is at the top, charm and energy of James Kagney, or the excesses opened by Busby Berkeley, three great performances in the end. I gave him a tie, and the Parade Parade is one of the funniest and fastest of the musicals from the early thirties. Although the film clearly belongs to Cagnei, Joan Blondell adds to the benevolent story. And what is the story? It's Chester Kent (Cagnei) who produces musicals, and is now almost absent from work as they take over. Prologue starts working, live music entertainment offered on the stage before the movie begins. He gets an idea to make more and more of them, moving them all over the country. He is a ball of fire and ideas, and he needs all the ideas he can get to continuously produce those things. But the rival spies and steals his ideas; Nan Prescott (Blondell), his secretary who is wise, loves him, but he is too preoccupied by noticing; a girl in the office in black frames, round glasses (Rubi Keeler) wants a chance to dance; his wife appeared, saying that after that she was not divorced from him; a blond gold digger puts his hooks in it; his partners cheat him ... God, what's next? This can all sound like enough to warn, but everything happens fast, with Cagnei, refusing, whispering, squinting, cracking fingers, filling orders and occasionally - all the way to the big last number when it comes out of singing and dancing - doing step or only two to show how it works. Instead of "Let's introduce ourselves, gang" we have "We have to make three shows in three days, so lock the door and start with the trials." These three great projections will have 40 corners, spectacular effects and a rich deal, with forty Kent units in the movie theater ... a whole circle of Apol's movie houses! Exhaustion is a threat, your legs pain, but all these unused corroses in skimpy costumes (including Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour, you can quickly see Sothern, but Lamour is more general) stay on the road, dancing their hearts, giggling and chattering and looking incredible. Then the curtains are lifted while each Prologue is shown in separate movie houses, one after the other on the same night, with the owner of the Apollo circuit who will determine that night whether to save Chester's skin or not. First up is the "Honeimoon Hotel" with Dick Povell and Ruby Keeler in a production number of 9 minutes which contains lots of healthy lasciviousness, with the bride and groom (some even can be married), the bedrooms and the beds and doors with the signs "Do not disturb". Then to the next theater and 11 minutes "Bi a Waterfall" which probably had Varner Brothers accountants who were worried about bankruptcy. This number is so overwhelming - dozens of swimmers, trees, fountains, huge caves with slides, a huge pool - you would never have thought that it was depression. Berkeley extracts all his tricks - synchronization, human patterns, legs and hands working all kinds of precise things - and it works in water, with many underwater photos that look up. The girls are safe. They appeared, smiling with water in their eyes and still hitting their tracks. The whole thing must have been incredibly heavy and exhausting. Ruby Keeler, who has several quick shots in the water, is the only one that looks a little cautious. And finally, the final of the finals ... 11 minutes of Cagnei dancing and singing with Keeler in "Shanghai Lil", with all kinds of bar girls and their clients, is unusual in that the racing is mixed. Cagnei and Keeler dance at the bar, dance on the table, Cagnei fights. There is something that looks like fifty or sixty marxing marines, clutching back and forth, the rifles are thrown and captured. Then ... that's true ... the human image of Franklin Roosevelt and NRA Eagle. This is perhaps the only Hollywood musical production ever to have Roosevelt, a large federal agency and a group of sexy Chinese prostitutes. It's fun, folks. That's great! Of course, Chester's Prologues get a big deal, and Nan gets Chester. The film is full of juicy clichés that make us smile. Ruby Keeler is as dear as she sincerely treads her taps with flying hands to help her. Joan Blondell makes us forget about many Hollywood women who may have been more beautiful, but who had much less wit and personality. The film, however, belongs to Cagnei, who grabs and shakes him, and Berkeley, a man who has never been too much.
