The collapse of the stock market in 1929 and the depression almost destroyed the American Music Theater, in fact, this was the ultimate death blow to the guerrilla. Those who stood behind the curtain were hit just as bad as those in front. In an effort to stimulate the economy of a business show and its own personal economy, the theater director James Kagney comes out of business with a great idea. The stages live relevant prologues for films that appear in various cinemas that appear overnight from old theaters. Some other competitors are getting news of it, and the competition is in progress. Parade for the foot is my favorite movie of Busby Berkeley. James Kagney gives a chance to show his diversity as a dancer and a hard guy. In his departure, Cagnei said that, although he had done a lot of his work, and far away from his musical, he could barely bother with some of his direct dramas. He wanted to do a few more musicals in his career, and I wish he had it. Of course, the setting up of this extravagance by Busby Berkeley on the stage of the movie palace defies every logic and reason. But it's so creative and fun to watch. Dick Povell sings three songs in the Parade for Footlight, Ah Moon is here, Honeimoon Hotel, and Bi Vaterfall, the last two with Rubi Keeler further reinforce this screening team. Ruby sings and dances with Pauel in the last two years and she works with James Kagney in my favorite number from the Parade leg, Shanghai Lil. Joan Blondell is Cagnei without a girlfriend's fuss Friday in the theater. Like Blonde Crazi, she is the one with the right brain in that duo and that's her quick thinking that draws him out of some of the domestic problems she has at the top of her theater. One of Blondell's best film roles. Look for Dorothy Lamour and Ann Sothern in the chorus by IMDb sites for both. John Garfield is briefly seen in Shanghai Lil. And on the scene at the beginning of the film, producer Gui Kibbee leads Cagney to the cinema where they show B's Western role as John Vaine. The Voice of the Voice is unmistakable. But what is even more unusual is that a short cut is shown in the scene with Frank McHugh playing another Cagnei assistant in the Parade Parade. I think Brother Varner was joking around there. I must believe that the cut was intended. Parade for feet is Busby Berkeley in her surreal best bet.
