Beginning, here's a brief overview: Porn Queen Alta Lee (Linn Lovri) was killed by her pornographic lover Mack (George Shannon) in the game of sexual Russian roulette. Altin's second lover, led by lesbian agent Camila Stone (Marie Voronov), gives an alibi for Mac. But Camila has her plan and plan that involves seduction of innocent actress Julie (again Lin) into a network of sexual games of the mind. When the identities of viewers are sufficiently blurred, the stage is set for revenge as passionate as the most aggressive body of happiness. Although this film is quite vague and has never received much attention, I consider it to be a sexy, uncertain gem. The goddess of the cult Voronov has one of her best roles, and she and the sexy-innocent Lovri play well together. The unsettling music provided by Gershon Kingsley, as well as two original songs ("All-American Boi", "You say you never let me go") and Jainetts' "Salli, Go" Round the Roses "compose an unforgettable soundtrack. is sharp, with everything photographed in dimmed earthy tones that perfectly suggest rude business in the upper strata of society.With an enormous atmosphere in New York, Ondine (a friend of Warren and colleague Varholite) gave a great performance in a small role and exotic Monikue Van Vooren as Makovu ex-wife in k This subterranean plot, although fun, seems to belong to another movie, but I do not regret it, because the movie is smooth even when it changes speed and it's a hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic-thriller of the garbage is currently being pulled out. Trivia: Sugar Cookies \ t was originally rated as Ks (soft-core) and published by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of the original poster with one sheet of luck - in 1977. the film was cut for R and re-released by Troma Team, which now offers uncut video stream . Mary Woeron was at that time wife of Theodore Gershwin and allegedly felt uncomfortable in performing graphic lesbian simulated sexual scenes with him who saw behind the camera. It can also be seen in two of its earlier productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloodi Night (1972).
