Opium badger, dirty little boy (actually dwarf), prostitutes in abundance, violent diving faces, motel for sexual bugs, scarcely dressed girls with décolleté, a drunkard falling down the stairs, a racially mixed client bar with Asian, Africans and Angles equally treated , does this sound like a movie that plays in a local shopping mall? Wrong. All are musical scenes from 1933. The first half of the "Footlight Parade" is a preparation for a musical extravaganza that occupies the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagnei) will soon lose his job and lose his wife to play, which is the result of a conversation with pictures that perform live musicals. His producers took him to see a popular talk about the day, John Wayne at The Great Trail. Before each movie, the dance number is presented as a prologue. Short films, news, serials and cartoons will later serve the purpose. Kent gets the idea that the Prology chain will be the way to salvation for all younger music business. Kent is basically the idea of ​​a man modeled on choreographer Busby Berkeley. Is it possible that Cagney's character is modeled on Berkeley? May be. In preparation for the Prologue, Kent learns that his ideas stole the rival. He reveals the traitor, burns it, and then his unknown new leaks are planted in the form of a dazzling seduction. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon will be Mrs. Dick Povell) has a love for Kent and is determined to uncover the cunning of the seducer. The new singer from Arkansas College appears in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Povell) who proved to be a true invention and paired with Bea Thorn (Rubi Keeler). Three prologues of musical, which could not be presented on any cinematic scene of the day, are now fresh and pleasant as they were seventy years ago, "Honeymoon", "Waterfall" and "Shanghai". Lil. "A special note is the song and dance of the hardcore James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill" Bojangles "Robinson, Cagney's dance seemed natural and unsettled, although hours went into practice so that every step was right. Not so good a singer as Astaire , Cagney's singing, like Astaire, sounded natural, unlike singing so popular at that time. It's amazing that one person can be so talented and as diverse as James Cagnei. Most critics prefer the Shanghai Lil segment in relation to the other two However, kaleidoscopic chorea As the Berkeley managed to shoot underwater ballets and create a human snake chain, it had to be difficult because it never repetted. Close-ups blazingly close to distant corners are an indispensable place. A pure black and white photo is It is much more artistic than it would be if it were color. Although not nearly as socially aware as "Gold Diggers of 1933", "Footlight Parade" stands for itself as one of the most memorable and unusual musicals ever set on the big screen.
