Very early Oliver Stone (associate) produced the film and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only real independent film studio Troma, the creator of toxic vengeance and the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Filmfestival, a lifetime achievement awarded to the director for more than 30 years). Since he raised money for this film, Lloyd wrote this script along with Theodore Gershuny in 1970, and later complained that he had listened to the advice that Gershuni directed the film instead of doing it alone. But then he was still inexperienced in the business and probably because of decisions like these, more than anyone does not take stupidity. It would be interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own letter - as one of the most original, smallest, experimental and non-compromising directors in the world, he would probably give him an even greater advantage than he already had. But, like that, we have a Gershuni movie. And time is because of a powerful script, or the fact that he is indeed a real director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, very uncertain and well-made movie that deserves far more attention than it receives. In a small studio (that was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for more than 30 years, Michael Herz, a Troma company formed) had to work with so much good handling that the movie looks much more expensive, there really is not a "low budget." The story revolves around lesbian Camille Stone (played by mysterious Mari Voronov) and her lover who is awake dead through the circumstances will not discover that I do not spoil the wonderful story. This leads to a series of complications, mind games and personality reforms, which are loosely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least as inventive. The atmosphere is still much darker, and some comparisons with the performances of Nicholas Roeger and Donald Cammell come to mind. In this mix is ​​a very original and inventive erotic-loaded thriller that keeps it completely unclear how it will all end, which, together with a splendid interlaced base with the climate to Kaufman's earlier and unfortunately unavailable BIG GUSS WHAT IS FUSS, makes it a very exciting clock and as per. Certainly one of the best films in the Tromeda Library, and yet one of those films that defies the strange fantasy that their catalog is one of the bad tastes. The DVD contains some recent interviews that Kaufman leads with Vorono and another leading lady Linn Lovri (later seen in George Clover's THE CRAZIES), giving such an interesting insight into what happened during the making of this cult favorite and a few indications of what would be different that Lloyd had sent him alone. Recommended.
