Passport for Pimlico is a real treat for all lovers of British cinema. Not only is it fun and fun comedy, it's also a movie movie in the past, with views and scenarios that unfortunately are now only a reminder of British life. Stanley Hollawai played Pimlico Arthur Pemberton, who after the accidental detonation of unexploded bombs, discovered the wealth of medieval treasure belonging to the Duke of Burgundy from the 14th century who is deeply buried beneath their little street street these past 600 years . Following the treasure is an ancient statutory provision signed by King Edward IV. England (which has never been officially canceled), stating that this London street has been declared Burgenland, which means that in the eyes of international law, Pemberton and other local residents are no longer British subjects, but the Burgundian and their small streets as an independent state in his law and law for himself. It puts war and impoverished resources into a good position because they believe they are outside of English law and jurisdiction, so that in the act of drunken defiance they burn their books, destroy and ignore their clothing vouchers, they do not flagrantly respect British Licensing Laws, etc. Britain. However, what happens is that the black merchant and the dishonest fraudsters follow and cross the 'border' in Burgundy as a haven of law and postwar restrictions to selling their crazy goods, and half of consumers in London are following them in order to avoid a meal, making their silent, happy little paradise, the thunder of thieves and quite a crowd in it. Calling on Vhitehall for help, they said that due to the development of the event "now the issue of foreign policy, which His Majesty's government is reluctant to include", which leaves the inhabitants high and dry. However, they declare this area as a legal frontier and, as such, establish a fully-equipped customs office at the end of the road, mainly to monitor smuggling, but to ensure any safety for residents of Pimlico. the border is completely closed, beginning with the main siege, with the Bulgarians who slowly run water and food, but never fight in the right British style. As one citizen of the Bugundian cites, "we are English and we are always English, and it's just because we are Englishmen, we struggle so hard to be Bugundians" </ em> <br /> <strong> A feeling that was soon repeated capital as when The rest of London finds out that the poor Bugundians are hard for everyone to feel compelled to help them, throwing food and supplies through barbed wire. Vill Vhitehall, who fought so that occupiers over the centuries will finally be brought to the knees of this new group of aliens, especially as these Englishmen !!!! Great story and great entertainment all day. We should not miss it.
