My former Cambridge modern Simon Heffer, today writer and journalist, suggested that, just as British filmmakers in the 1980s were often critical of what they called "Thatcher's Britain," Ealing's comedies were conceived as satire at "Attlee 'Britain', a country that emerged after the victory of the Labor Party in the general election in 1945. This theory, probably, was not intended to be applied to, say, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which, if nothing else, is a satire on Edwardian higher classes) or "The Ladikillers" or "Mob Lavender Hill", may contain some Satire, but they are not political in nature. It can, however, be applied to most of the other films in the series, in particular "Passport for Pimlico". Pimlico is, or at least in the 1940s, the predominantly labor district of London, set on the north coast of Thames, about a mile from Victoria Station. It's not exactly right, as is often said, that the film about Pimlica is "proclaimed as an independent" Britain. What is happening is that an ancient charter comes in handy, which proves that King Edward IV gave that area to the KSV for the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that, technically speaking, Pimlico is an independent state and that it has been almost five hundred years old, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to pass a special parliamentary law to correct the anomaly, but until the Law receives the Royal Consent, the area remains outside the United Kingdom and British laws do not apply. Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the local beer landlord can freely open at any time and local merchants can sell whatever they want, whoever they want, regardless of the rationalization laws. When other traders begin to move into that area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they consider legalized black shops and seal the area in order to try to make the "Burgundy", like the people in Pimlitz had Many Ealing comedies for its central theme, the idea of ​​a small person taking over the system, either as an individual as it happens in a "Man in a white suit". or "The Lavender Hill Mob", or as part of a larger community like it happens in "Vhiskei Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of "Pasoša" is those ordinary men and women who take over bureaucracy and government regulations that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of the 1940s in Britain. A special meta film is a rationing system. During the war, the system was accepted by most people as the necessary victim in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to keep it in peace. This was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was chosen by a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewives League were organized to fight for the abolition of rationing. I can not agree with the reviewer who stated that the main targets of the film are "spiv" (black markers), which play a relatively small part in the action, or the Housewives League, which does not even appear. Satire is very focused on bureaucrats, which are shown either as a "rule for rules" mentality or a desire to transfer money and avoid taking any action. I assume that if a film were made today, it would have had a different ending because Pimlico would remain independent as the British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suppose today this concept would probably serve as the basis for a TV series, not a movie). However, in 1949, four years after the end of the war, filmmakers were thrilled with patriotism and British identity, so the film ends with Pimlico coming back to Britain. One of the most famous lines in the film is: "We have always been English and we will always be English and it's just because we are English to stick to our right to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the rather impolite attitude of the officials with common sense, tolerance and good humor of the Pimlico Puppies, which are presented as essential British characteristics. Most of the action takes place during summer drought and hot springs, but in the final scene, after Pimlico rejoined the United Kingdom, the temperature drops and starts to rain. Global warming may have changed a bit, but for a number of years, part of the British was the ability to hold beliefs, regardless of statistics that could say the opposite, that Britain had an unusually wet climate. The ability to complain about this climate is equally important. Stanley Hollaway has a good performance like Arthur Pemberton, a trader and local politician who becomes prime minister of free Pimlico, and funny comedy Margaret Rutherford as a history history professor. Basically, this, however, is enough for a film about the small community that is gathering, an example of an ensemble playing without real star performances, but with everyone who contributes to a great movie. He lacks the bad will and anger of many more recent satirical films, but his wit and satire are no less effective for all of this. It remains one of the most entertaining satire on bureaucracy ever made and, with the possible exception of "Loving Hearts and Coronets", is my personal favorite among Ealing comedies. 10/10
