Get this movie if it's possible. You'll find a really good idea of ​​Barbara Bach, beautiful cinematography dignified (and incredibly clean) or scary old house, and unexpected virtuoso performance ?? "The Unseen". I picked up a used copy of this movie because I was interested to see more Bach, whom I just watched in "The Spi Vho Loved Me". I like really classically beautiful actresses and I appreciate them even more if they can act a little. So: we start with a nice fresh room. TV reporter Bach leaves the boy and goes to cover a festival in the Californian city of Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish origins, playing a big national festival. She brings with her a photographer, which is by chance her sister, and another contributor. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, if you know who the celebrities that each of these ladies married, it's too funny to watch how Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) passing the street that has a sister fight.)) Anivai ?? Bach's unhappy beau followed him to Solvang, for he had not finished discussing with her. There is a lot of feelings between them, but she does not want to see him ruin more because of her football career. Ladies arrive at Solvang to perform the task for their station, only to find that their reservations were given to someone else. (Maybe Bach's boy, because think about where he will stay?). The girls are asking, but there's no place to go. Wrong trying to enter the old hotel, which now serves as a museum, they catch the interest of the owner of Mr. Keller's (the late Sydney Lassicka), who decides to be a gentleman and to be placed in your home, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know is that Keller whispers a phone call to his wife, warning that she comes and threatens to play better. Trouble in paradise! Ladies are eager to settle down and go back to Solvang to record footage and talk to the Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave behind, wondering for Mrs. Keller (played by the beautiful heartbreaking Lelija Goldoni) that looks like it has just lost his best friend. When are we codein? Vicki leaned off her clothes and entered a nice hot tub, not realizing that Keller got into her room to inspect the keyhole. He hears him, thinks he has come to deliver bedding, and pronounces her gratitude. Lassick did a great job in this scene, expressing the pain of a thick old virgin that did not look long enough. After he was gone, poor Vicki throws himself into bed for a nap, but quickly pulled out (in a really decent, frightening round action) something big which is apparently dragged through the grating on the floor ?? The Unseen! Lamm returns home (Bach ends the discussion with his beau) and can not find anyone in the house. It beats a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and, on hands and knees to pick it up, her hair and stylish scarf cause zamami over a black grating ?? Attracting The Unseen Again! Well, about the time when poor Lamm scored in the kitchen, we are dealing with the past, Mr. Keller and get the full story about what's sick, sadistic background and why his wife does not laugh much. Bah finally comes home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick was familiar with the afternoon massacre by its pay-wife and decided that he could not allow Bach to reveal the secret of your home. He challenges the cellar where the last act of Keller's family tragedy finally opens to all of us. I can not say enough for Stephen Fursta, whom I have never seen before; it is obvious that he has done his homework for this role, studying the methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in a different way, only give film glitter. And not only that, but the film ends with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid cheap tricks, dialogs rolling around the eyeballs or pathetic cut corners ... A real delicacy for your collection.
