The truth is that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplified horror thriller with a very predictable complication, without any special attempts to flip or surprise, and virtually every cliché that the genre has moved over decades, but that is not necessarily a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure but still intense little shock from the 1980s, which is mainly used by a handful of brutal paintings and a really great throw. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small Californian city to record a documentary about the jubilee festival, but their hotel has forgotten to register their reservations. In search of a place to stay, the trio falls into the overly friendly but suspicious museum curator Ernest Keller who invites girls to stay in his village. One girl perceives that Keller and his extremely introvert and submissive sister Victoria hide the dark and murderous secret in their home. "The Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap and, finally, a perverse combination of the horror classic "Psicho" and "Tekas Chainsav Massacre". The action is a series of well-known themes that have become infamous and endlessly imitated by these two films, such as derogatory family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, crazed inbred killers and very unattractive chick treatment. Nevertheless, I do not consider this a negative remark, because "The Invisible" is a totally unpretentious and modestly disturbing thriller that apparently never intended to be the greatest horror classic of the decade. Although the plot is quite clear, director Steinmann is trying to keep the mystery by keeping the evil present in the house "invisible" as promised. Choices for casting and acting performances are really what raises this sleeper above the central level. Sidney Lassick, immortal because his role as an overly anxious psychiatric patient, Charlee Chesvic, in "Letio above the cuckoo's nest" is indeed an ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His persistent friendship and almost naturally distorted look are exactly what the character needs. Stephen Furst, who ultimately turns from the invisible to the seen, gives a huge performance as "Junior". He looks and behaves like an authentic handicapped man and his attempts to get close to Jennifer in the basement are truly disturbing. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable, yet powerful film from the early 1980s, which will surely attract lovers of exploitation of the 70's and generally strange things.
