So what exactly is a truly independent movie? In days and years in which the most recent horoscope of the mainstream hollywood has looked rude and sharp, I am sorry to say that what the public thinks that an independent film is usually nothing but a clever marketing trick. > <br /> So we should be glad that there are movies like "Hate of the minute". On the other hand, this film points to the contradiction of its own pattern (indie horror film). I love or hate it, "hate" is not afraid to be what it is, and watching this movie, you get the real feeling that Kallio (the director) has not just made this movie to spit out false blood all over, it's about telling stories. Good. You can find this film in the section of horror movies in your video, but do not be fooled, this story is also about love, good people pushed over the edge, and that far distant light at the end of the tunnel. If you expect nonsense, or Evil Dead ripoff, stay away from this movie. But if you find the finer points of horror / genre, check out this movie. Yes. Bruce Campbell produced this film, and I'm sure he is proud to tell anyone that it's not "Evil Dead". Bruce never tried to rely on his "ashes" image, and apparently he did not get involved in "hatred" so he could do it. My advice, however, to everyone. The mortal anger furiously devours everything that was issued by the g. Campbell is to check this film anyway and see what else Mr. Kallio and Mr. Campbell are trying to show you. The acting is well done, although nothing about this movie is not the Oscars' caliber (maybe deliberately), it's good to see compassionate performances in a horror movie. It often seems that actors in films like these do not try, with "hatred", seemed as if all the actors seriously understood their charecters, never resorting to a typical horror movie. <br /> <br> Technically, "hate" is as competent as an indie movie. Installation is fast, cinema is good with regard to the budget, and "hatred" holds a fast pace, without any points or bad anti-climax. All in all, hate may not be able to look at all those millions of false India, but personally, I do not see a problem with that. It's a movie of people who really care about the media. People who reached into their hands broke pockets of ass, pulled nickel and smoke, threw a caution on the wind and made a fucking good movie. Check this out.
