Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention marks Dolph's first film in nearly 2 years after the delayed Hidden Agenda. This film still signifies the improvement of Dolph due to its cheap trilogy Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this film is far below the Hidden Agenda standard, which was better in every respect. What this film has in his favor from Dolph's previous excursion is the feeling of Syrian fun. The film also features a revamped Dolph in a high-pitched action, and it's good to see Dolph doing his own acrobatics again. Film story is a funny and top-quality B-film material. The former military man is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching, while taking the custody class, he encountered some Slovak bad guys who took over the school and used them as a cover for a big drug deal. The film does not have originality, but in a movie of this type you have to have a sense of fun with all the clichés. If you understand him too seriously, the audience will enjoy a bit. Fortunately, filmmakers do not take things too seriously and along with all the action clichés you can imagine and predictability, this movie has such a bad party. Where is the movie down there is a failure - using a pretty decent budget. A budget of about 10 million euros is not well spent. Everything is on the screen with a lot of massacres and large explosions, but many shots lack imagination. The opening action is fine, but after that the good moments become rare. There are some good moments. For example, you have a car in school halls and a decent shot at the beginning, with lots of destruction. The rest of the shooting is quite mechanical, but there is a lot on the screen. As for the acting team. Hidden Agenda boasted the best film Dolph had worked for years. There was a good standard for DTV film actors. This, however, has problems. Actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the bad bad guy has some kind of sweet vinegar because Alec Carsis plays it at the top and with no sign of any kind of threat that you can laugh at the pure trouble. Teens in a piece are actually good, but they play such cliché characters. They all hate the authority, each other, and all have bad attitudes and, of course, they learn important lessons in life, but they are generally decent, and in particular Chris Collins has a sympathy. This film is all about Dolph. Although this film is not even close to its best, it's not even close to the worst. It also marks a milestone in his career. Now she is back in good shape and will be in better shape in her next Direct Action movie. Dolph looks enthusiastic about this, he works all his stops and it's good to see him playing a typical action man (running from explosions into slow, one-liner, and handling big guns) again in a movie like his elderly, though with less impact and imagination but cliché films such as the Army of the One. It's good to see Dolf who is looking for energy. His films over the past eighteen years have seen Dolph, which looks a bit more exhaustive, and the use of double is a lot (it still fights anyway), but the new modern Dolph seems to be for it. Overall, this is only visible for the value of cheese and Dolph in the premier mode. There is no surprise, but there is a humorous kind of humorous love. **
