This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action, and incredible performance by Dolph Lundgren, but Alec Karzis is horrible as a villain !. The story is very good, and I discovered that children are in most cases cute, and Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing! Action scenes are great, and it's almost like Die Hard except for being in school! Plus Kata Dobo is very dangerous and sexy as an assistant !. The finale is very exciting, and there are also some cool emotional moments! But I just wanted to have another criminal, because Alec Karzis did not cut it like a criminal too OTT, and he's funny for my tastes. In my opinion, this should be more than 4.1, because I thought it was a great action movie, and although the children were sometimes very stupid, they became quite resourceful as the film went! !. The ending is very funny, and the image of Corey Sevier was my favorite student! And Dolph still got it! This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action, and an incredible performance from Lundgren !, but Alec Karzis is horrible as a villain, I still strongly recommend this !. The direction is very good! Sidni J. Furie is doing a very good job here with great work with the camera, good angles and keeping the movie at a very fast pace! There's a little blood and violence. We got a lot of bloody wounds from wounding, a knife in the head, bloody blows from lightning, stuffing and other small things. The acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is as incredible as ever, and here he is incredible, extremely cute, striking ass as usual, he had excellent chemistry with children, he had a great character, he is very charismatic, and maybe he did not show great emotional anger, he is still was horrible to watch! He's one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alec Karzis is terrible as a criminal, he is ridiculous of the OTT, he was boring, and did not threaten at all, and he irritated me. Kata Dobo was very sexy as a side kick and worked well with what she had to do, she was a real villain in my opinion !. Corei Sevier is funny as Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started to warm myself in the second half, I liked him very much, he also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Villi), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jai Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) are all great students. Jennifer Bakter is very sweet and good as The fiancee. The rest of the actors are fine. All in all, I recommend this! *** 1/2 of 5
