There was a political documentary, a recent harvest, called Vhi Ve Fight, which is trying to examine the shameful military-industrial complex and its control over this people. It is considered polemic and sharp in expressing its claims against this complex and warfare in which we are currently involved in Iraq. However, a much more famous series of films, with the same name, was created during the Second World War by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although considered a documentary film, and winning the Oscar in that category, this seven-movie series is really only agitprop, more in the spirit of the triumph of Leni Reifenstal, the scene Capra recycles for its own needs. This means that this fact does not mean that there is no vital information missing from the next generations of World War II documentaries (such as the BBC praised the world at war), nor does it mean that its value as a primary source is smaller. precious. They are skilfully made, and after I recently purchased some used DVDs in discounts, I found myself in a position to choose a free DVD with my purchase. I chose four DVD collections of the Goodtimes DVD series. Rarely something was free was so valuable priceless value. Although there are no supplements on DVDs, and the quality of the sounds of the prints varies, these films provide an insight into the minds of Americans two or three centuries ago, when racism was apparent (as in many classic Varner Brothers pro-war wars). caricatures of that time), and there was nothing wrong with the obvious distortion of the facts. Seven films, produced between 1942 and 1945, include Prelude to Var, a Nazi attack, division and reign, the battle of Britain, the Battle of Russia, the battle for China and the war in America. All in all, a series of films is worth watching, not only for obvious reasons, but also for the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of plenty of terms such as Ks million when it comes to the dollar, not the modern singular, or the most used graphics in the whole series - a Japanese sword that pierces the center of Manchuria. Nevertheless, it also shows the complexity of attempts to apply past standards to current wars. The First World War lecture (avoiding foreign cluttering) was not applicable to World War II, whose own lesson (early anti-dictatorship) was not applicable in three major wars that America was fighting: Korea, Vietnam, Iraq. The fact that a large part of this series causes the uncertainty of the time when it is made just emphasizes its historical value in today's information clogged times. Maybe it will not help you to solve the truth from the lies and propaganda of today, but at least you will realize that you are not the first who is in such a weak position, nor will you be the last.
