When I really started to be interested in films, at eleven I had a big list of 'Must See' movies and I went to Blockbuster and rented two or three weekends; some of them are not for all the audience and my mother would go crazy. I remember one of the films on that list was "A Chorus Line" and I could never get it; so now I see it as a dream. Of course, I lost the list and I would do everything to get it back because I think there were really interesting things to look there. I mean, take "A Chorus Line", a theater performance turned into a movie. I know that it is something that we see a lot today, but then it was a little different, obviously; and this film has something special. Most of the musicals today made movies, took the opportunity to have their camera free, create different landscapes and take the characters to different places; "A Chorus Line" was born on the stage as a performance and dies in the same place as the film. After a great audition by renowned choreographer Zacha (Michael Douglas), Richard Atenborough directs a large number of dancers while trying to get a job. Everything happens on the same day: the tension of ignorance, the stress that I have to learn numbers, quiet competition between dancers? And all this happens on stage, where Douglas puts each dancer in the center of attention and makes them talk about their personal life and their most horrible experiences. There are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic, but they are shortening as the hours pass. As a movie I recently saw, "Prairie Home Companion", radio broadcast, Atenborough deals with the problem of continuity here. On the stage or behind it, things are happening, and the time does not stop. Again, I do not know if Atenborough cut out much to record this, but it certainly does not look like that; and yet it's an excellent director and editing (John Bloom). But at that small stage, what are you wondering about what to do with the camera? With just one setting, Ronnie Tailor's cinema finds a way, making close-up plans to certain characters, zooming in and out of a scene from different perspectives and also giving us a wonderful view of New York. At one crucial moment, Douglas tells those who are left: "Before we start to eliminate: you're all great and I'd like to hire you all, but I can not. This made me think about Real shows today, when the only thing that matters is a singing or dance talent and where the jury always says the right words to the contestants before some of them leave (even when they are not good). It's hard to imagine, at least here, where all really great. To tell some stories, characters use songs and, in a second, the stage takes a new life and it is literally a "dream" to come true. "The music of Marvin Hamlish and the lyrics of Edward Kleban make the theater a cinematic transition without any disaster, showing the feelings of these dancers and letting them make these wonderful choreographies by Michael Bennett." The theater book also becomes an unforgettable and very short scenario by Arnold Schulman, which is sometimes very touching, so if it's not a song, it's going to be a word, but in Chorus Line, it's impossible not to move. During one of the trial breaks at the audition, Cassie, a special dancer actress Alison Reed, takes the stage to persuade Douglas's character that she can do it. The words "let me dance for you" never sounded fairer and more beautiful in music and texts.
