Danger is a tense, satisfying thriller, a cut above B, but not a big production. Qualified as an almost experimental film, as the studio that produced it, Metro, desperately sought new types of films, stars and directors to compete with the new television media that was then. Director, John Sturges, was more attractive and the best of the year. He recently started directing A-level films and has already proved himself to be the most capable craftsman. The stars Barbara Stanvick, Barri Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were in very different stages of their career. Stanley's Year of Glory was behind her, yet she could carry the film, as evidenced here. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of a dozen leading people who began to engage in films in the 1940s and who never achieved success that many hoped for him. He was a fine, dumb actor, ready, but in the upper middle class, not in a higher class, which made him excellent in professional roles. Ralph Meeker is more energetic than otherwise, because he escaped a prisoner who is the only person around whom Sullivan can save his life (captured under a mole, and the tide is rising). This great actor had an accident when he came to films after Brand and Cliff. He was in his way a good actor as one of them, but he lacked charisma. His negotiation with Stanwick, which is reduced to his demanding sex in exchange for the salvation of his husband (implicitly, as it was in 1953), makes an intriguing premise that, if this was the second type of film, could raise all kinds of things. interesting questions about Stanislav's character. Meeker is a really exciting character from Sullivan; and in her scenes with him, Stanvick is more lively than she is with her husband and son. But since this formula is a formula, not a Strindberg game, the possibility that Stanwick wants to throw it, - leaving aside the question of the husband of trouble, - remains unexplored. In that sense, the incoming tide does not have the kind of effect that you would like, even though the movie remains tense and very fun thanks to the great acting, the fine photo of the site, almost everything in the open, and the excellent direction of the desperately depressed gentleman. Sturges.
