Here's a great double account of Barbara Stanvick on one disc. The first film - and believe me less than two - is MGM's "Please A Lady" (1950) in which it is matched with Clark Gable. It is essentially a star vehicle with Gable as it usually dominates a movie with its presence on the screen. Here is the game of a macho driver who receives a bad press from a feminist journalist Stanvic and begins the fight of the poles. Of course, after a long time, they eventually end up in their hands and it all comes to a predictable and comfortable close. A little snowflake, but Gable and Stanwick - two icons of the Golden Age - make it visible! But the real meat on this DVD is another feature - amazing and quite unknown. a small thriller called JEOPARDI. Produced by MGM in 1953, this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that is not dated by a joke! Here Stanley plays his wife, Barry Sullivan, and her mother, his young son, Lee Aaker, on a vacation on the abandoned Mexican beach when suddenly struck by a tragedy. The collapse of a wooden pier collapses Sullivan's trap under a heavy pile and guess what? Yes, the tide comes. With an invisible soul and incapable of freeing him, Stanvick moves a car for help. After driving at a certain distance, the only help that can be collected comes from an unscrupulous escaped convict (Ralph Meeker) who - in exchange for his help - wants more of her than money or change clothes ("I will do everything to save my husband"). Is she or not? Meeker run away with the picture! He turns into a pretty brilliant performance! Once you get into a movie, you just can not take your eyes off it! An actor in a blunt Brando style, he's surprisingly never made much of his career in movies. Although he had great performances as an awkward, disgruntled equestrian officer in the extraordinary Mann / Stevart West Goli Spur (1953) and as one of the condemned French fugitives in the powerful Stanley Kubrick's "Paths Of Glory" (1957), the only right to fame was was like Mike Hammer in Mickey Spillane's "Kiss Me Deadly" in 1955. His performance in "Jeopardy" was supposed to do wonders for him, but he only had that career in movies. He died in 1988. Due to this edition, "Jeopardi" can now proudly take its place as a classic noir. Unbreakable, tense and exciting thriller thanks to fine performances, strict direction by John Sturges, Victor Milner's sharp monochrome cinematography and atmospheric result by Dimitri Tiomkin. The accessories, however, are not great, except for the radio version "Jeopardi" and trailer for both films. This disc is also part of the Barbara Stanvick box that celebrates its hundredth anniversary. It's hard to believe that the lady will have over 100 years if she is still nearby! JEOPARDI - the winner of MGM!
