This film was the first British teen movie to actually deal with the reality of violent rock and roll society, not the lucid parody of teenage life from the 1950s. In an attempt to celebrate the work of junior liaison officer Liverpool in the introductory title, it is noted that 92% of potential delinquents who were involved in this program did not commit another crime. However, this becomes just an excuse for the next teenage drama to the epilogue of the film, where we were ordered not to feel responsible or regrettable about such delinquents, although it may seem mixed. Stanley Baker plays a hard detective who reluctantly takes over the position of juvenile bonding officer. This stubborn character is a role typical of Baker. Since she is currently on the trail of a notorious collector known as a firefighter and she does not enjoy the obstruction of transfer. However, as in all good police drama, he returns a full circle for an extraordinary turn of events, back to his original investigation. His first case leads him to the home of two small children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by a brother and sister from real life), who committed the petty theft. Here she meets Cathie (pleased by Anne Heivood) with her older sister, who ultimately deals romantically. It quickly becomes apparent that the scarce environment of such urban settlements is a fertile ground for juvenile delinquency. The older brother of the family Murphi, Johnny, is the leader of the band rock and roll. hoodlums. McCallum makes an attractive turning-point as an American-made deployed kid, who owes much more to Marlon Brand than any previous British star. One resembles Brenda's character Johnny from 'The Vild One', who led the band of rebellious bikers dressed in the skin in the same way as Johnny is leading the film. Fortunately, Dearden's criminal drama such as "The Blue Lamp" is not so obvious. Instead, we presented several well-drawn characters on both sides of the law, because the drama of the delinquent and romantic interest between Heivood and Baker is in the first place. The plot, although sometimes predictable, delivers some unforgettable scenes. The devastating impact that he thought of having rock and roll music played in a scene in which Johnny gave up playing music, leading a threatening advance on a police sergeant. The most impressive piece of film is a climatic classroom where a crowd of terrified schoolchildren, including Marie and Patrick, were held hostage by Johnny. Apparently, in the light of the real Dumblaine massacre, this scene looks terrible. Understandably, this is why the film is rarely broadcast or available to the modern audience.
