I do not agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to American International Pictures. Basil Deardon directed a brutally realistic film with a sincere attempt to show the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the sentimentality of the "Blackboard Jungle"). The cinema was excellent because it really captured the scarcity and isolation of a huge residential area. The property looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was as good as a hardened detective, transferred to a juvenile department - "Urgent, urgent - waste - five ice lollies" !!! He finds that he is the butt of many jokes. David McCallum has shown that he is one of the best British young talents in the fifties. (He played a completely different role in another Stanley Baker movie, "Hell Drivers"). His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatic followers he inspired was terrifying. Ann Heivood was also very good as cynical Cathie. I would not say that there were romantic subunits in it. Detective Jack Truman is investigating a series of firing attacks by someone whom he called "Firefly". Just as it finds evidence that could lead to progress, it is assigned to the Juvenile Department - he is rather appalled by what he thinks is not a real police job. In the midst of all this, he gets his first call - the 6 year old Murphy twins do a scam in local pussies !!! Taking the home of the twins he meets their brother, the charismatic Johnny, and their angry sister Keti. It begins to appreciate that life in terrible residential areas can turn small children into criminals. As she more closely connects with her family, she realizes that there is a strong link between fire, Johnny and frightened Chinese youth working for laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, far from Hammer's horror) explains that, when Johnny was younger, he saved some people from the burning building and greeted them as a hero. He wanted to feel the sense of importance again and to be useful and felt that he could light a fire. The siege of the school was shot in a very realistic way and the viewer felt the fear of the children - the teacher (thinking only for his own safety) ran away and locked them into the room with a frightened gunman !!!! I thought this was a really great movie that tried to show some of the social problems that Britain experienced after the war. Highly recommended.
