Like many batches of pilots, the Dark Angel opener shows a mixture of great potential and a small problem in finding your own legs. Not that this is in any way unusual, but there is a feeling that it might have been better for the story to be tightened and focused a bit more. In today's world where something must immediately get caught or give up on the face, the series itself has done some kind of bad service because it did not come out at least halfway focused, with all the pistols. The pilot of ninety minutes really feels like two episodes glued together, and both episodes have a problem with focus. In the first half, we met Mac and filled in what started. We also got a few interesting routines with Mak, using their ability to win bets, communicating with PI, or sorting out local problems with colleagues. The problem is that this is nothing unusual for any human being with a normal set of genes, on television, or in some other way. It's when we hit the other half to get a story with purpose and focus. During the two halves, Mak is at the forefront of a pirate journalist who thinks the mission is to save the world by exposing a dirty dealer at the same time. In the second half, repercussions climbed him, and Mak reluctantly cleanses the resulting mess. This sets the premise for the entire rest of the series, and it works, but it's not exactly a click if you get my meaning. It's like most of the parts are there, but the pair that makes the complete picture is omitted. It may be filled with later episodes, but that does not matter. The fact is that the content of this episode could easily be apologized with twenty-eight minutes less. The last negative is that a large part of the support is completely unstable. The original Cindy is particularly disturbing and I doubt that this has changed over the next twenty episodes. Although the acting is not as bad as a daily soap opera, it's not that good to praise it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actor in the world, but she is not convincing enough when the story is least needed. Good news is that premise and production values ​​are all top-notch. In fact, this series was considered quite expensive for production, and it's pretty unfortunate that it was canceled to be replaced by another show that did not last for the whole season. Especially when there was enough time for both shows - they could simply cancel one of the pieces of disingent garbage that threw a flag out of the TV. The fact is that we need more performances like Dark Angel, where imagination instead of overhip, is used to attract attention. All in all, I gave Dark Angel seven out of ten. It never rises above the level of returning television, and never has the opportunity to deal with the potential that it shows in its own time. But the potential exists, and this is often everything that matters to pilots.
