A few years ago, satellite channel U.K. It was in fact incorrect. "Man About The House" was also a sitcom who shared the apartment from 1973-76. It was the idea of ​​Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, the creator of the popular sitcom "Father Dear Father". When finished, they decided to do something more in keeping with the times. In the first episode of Chrissy (Paula Vilcock) and Jo (Salli Thomsett) they clean their apartment in Middleton Terrace after wild parties when they find a man in the bathroom. He is Robin Tripp (Richard O'Sullivan), a cooking student in Southampton who does not have a fixed place of residence. As his clothes dry, he puts on a woman's coat and prepares a meal. They are so impressed by his culinary skills to invite him to stay. But there must be no bad deal. So Robin must pretend to be gay ... On B.B.C.-2 'I Love 1973', shown in 2000, Julie Burchill claimed that her 'House 'showed the way of life that envied her. She was not alone. One of the most iconic (for me, of course) British television pictures from the 70's was Sally Thomsett emerging from the London underground and carried parasols, a 'blind' man who made a double move like a modest bottom moves. A man who lives with two girls was a risky topic for that time, but Mrs. Mary Vajthajz did not need to warm up under the collar, she was innocent, good-natured fun. Mortimer and Cooke scripts went as close as possible to the edges without crossing. Richard O'Sullivan still played 'Bingham' in 'Doctor in Order' by I.T.V. when this started. In fact, the second run 'In Charge' overlaid with the first in 'House'. He was born to play sexually mad Robin. 'Chrissi' Paula Vilcok was more in the streets than 'Beryl', her character has starred in 'The Lovers', while 'Jo' Sally Thomsett was sympathetic vertigo. As time passed, he became almost like an older brother. For many viewers, Brian Murphy and Iooth Joice stole the show as infected Ropera. George lost interest in sex, but Mildred did not. They went on their own show - appropriately titled 'George & Mildred'. The late Doug Fisher had a good value as Robin's wide friend Larry. He worked so well that he became regular. Within a year since his debut, there was an inevitable separation of the film. I am not a big fan of the movie "Man of the House" because I think he was stretched to match the big screen. Most of his characters never appeared in the series. The format was sold to America, where it became a long-standing "Tri-company" starring the late John Ritter and Suzanne Somers. It was much more suggestive than the British originals, and Somers is often seen in sexy clothes. After six seasons, 'House' ended with Chrissy married to Robin's older brother Norman (Norman Eshley). The fans were disappointed because Robin has failed to bring the girl he loved, but there was consolation in the fact that he himself shared his show - 'Robin's Nest'.
