When I saw a birthday girl, I liked it so much that I started to see every single movie Nicole Kidman I could, only to disappoint all of them in relation to him. I theorize that, although the presence of a certain star usually guarantees a certain level of quality due to their artistic control, with Nicole Kidman, its influence is detrimental to the enjoyment of the film - IMHO. So, for example, Dogville, even depriving the viewer of anything visually, diminishes from the existential insight of knocking on the house, or other films promoting gay and lesbian as worthy of any attention, or other home-based reasons for Kidman. Here is that natural woman and doing a great job. I do not know how and who could have restrained her, but obviously he succeeded. The way in which the film shows its openness despite its resistance comes to the heart of what makes a woman a woman. And because of that, what makes the most reprehensible hope of a person is insufficiently achievable. Of course, the fact that male lead turns from a milketoast clerk to a macho man in the space of a movie sounds like a fantasy of the expansion of the male ego, but its transformation is adequately convincing. It is not modestly imagined as it would be in a movie designed to instigate the male ego. Instead, he accurately records the necessary growth resulting from the unique circumstances in the movies. Her gang has a coarse community that is foreign to American culture. And while they are his opponents, they are never really his enemy. In fact, they teach him to compete. I really admired Kidman's ability to physically appear as a Russian. I wondered if her ancestor was Russian, but none of the photos I looked at showed any indication. Maybe it was just make-up, but it was incredible. I can only hope that it will soon be overturned over the head in order to shoot another great film. Despite my free copy of Miss Kidman, it is a message that this is a superior film in every way and probably the role of life.
