This film really awakened me, as if to awaken the main masculine character of this bravely different film from my life dream. This guy John (Ben Chaplin) runs his central safe life of the bank cash register in. a small provincial English town, while amazingly luxurious, wild, girl dying Nadia (Nicole Kidman), commissioned by e-mail from Russia, enters his life to become his beloved wife, after Jones's plan. Whatever problem arose - Nadia does not say a word about Johns' language. Though outwardly calm and emotionless, John was so interested in the beautiful hope that instead of using the policy of full compensation services for pairing, buy her a dictionary to begin a process of communication. <Br /> <br /> What's happening now in the incident really shook poor John from his sleep decently paid clerks who feel secure in making a decision on a decent thinking, giving the viewer a subconscious message "is likely to act in the same way." Kidman, Cassel & Kassovitz make an excellent team that plays the Russians and almost can not be distinguished from the real thing, "almost" just because of the small accent present in their Russian dialogues, however easy it is to amaze domestic Russian language. done so that the words sound correctly. Nicole Kidman once again proves her talent playing a character quite different from the previous roles, at least from the cultural background. <Br /> <br /> Speed ​​of the film is fast and amazing, and you certainly are not ready to stop watching when they appear end addresses rather feel that you are in the middle of the action, and have a desire to see it continue as soon as it occurs. My advice is to go out immediately and get this movie and watch it and enjoy it. To summarize, it has an unusual plot, great acting and ideas beneath the surface. Like the idea of ​​a "rude awakening" of the artificial safe routine life point in the machine of the Company, the life that are members of Fight Club was so interested to stop the machine and singing Pink Floyd ( "Welcome to the machine")! "). I bet that in the end John was on his way to Sofia on his way to the unknown, because they did not meet at all. Thank you, writers, on a great story, and everyone else for this great movie! Please make a sequel! And you can place wherever the call location, because the authenticity of the town is irrelevant to 99.9999 percent of potential viewers, I'm sure of it.
