I would highly recommend this film! And I will definitely recommend it personally to my friends and family here and abroad! With excited anticipation, I just ordered it online, so I enjoyed it! Not until February / March 2008, but it will be good to pay off waiting! But first go and look at the cinema if you can. There is nothing like Cinema-Experiment movie made in cinema! Insist on putting your local cinema on! Tonight I went to see "Seachd, inaccessible Pinacle", down here in London, and I was really impressed. It's a miracle: a truly wonderful film set up in Scotland's Plateau: you will smile, you will cry, you will be moved in different ways, you will be intrigued, and as the story in the stories reveals, you will be This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English but do not let it interfere with you if you are not a Galician speaker: I'm just starting out, and my son and there were not many people there tonight, and that did not ruin us in any way! Superlatives are not enough! The photo is great - there is no CGI here, and the film is better for it - you have a real photo here! The script is so skillfully and subtly written. A multi-layered shop is about the magical art of ancient narrators. Music is sometimes exciting, sometimes haunting, but always adding to the atmospheric ambience. And acting? ... is it to watch ... and the actors? ... they are the real weavers of this beautiful but deep film, especially the two main actors, "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" (True Bard, if it ever existed!), Which both were very heavy load! And the direction? Watch out for Richard! And the producer responsible for fundraising, recruiting key personnel and organizing the distributor? Good job! I hope you will ensure that distribution goes to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uill, without you it could not have happened! We were told that this film was made at a low budget, but you would not know it, and I think it could be because, because of what they may have lacked money, more than compensated for the wealth of the heart. , and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. We sincerely thank all interested in making and sponsoring 'Seachd' - Moran taing! (Many thanks!) From Gaul to the World! From the world to Gaul!
