Scots stand out in the story's story. Traditional species. Many years after the event, I can still see in my head the old lady, my friend's mother, who was convinced of the battle at Culloden. It makes the characters come alive. Her passion is an eyewitness. One for events on a wet edge miles from where it lives. Of course, it happened many years before it was born, but you can not remember the way it says it. The same story is told in the bars of length and width of Scotland. As I talked to my friend one night at Mallaig, the local cutter gave her version. The conversation is set to close. The stories that are transmitted as such become part of our being. Who does not remember the stories our parents said when we were children? They become our invisible world. And, as we age, it may still serve as an inspiration or as an emotional reservoir. Facts and fiction are mixed with aspirations, pattern. Warning stories. Archetipes. Magic and mystery. "My name is Aonghas, like my grandfather and his grandfather before him." Our protagonist presents us. And introduces a story that extends through generations. She creates stories in stories. Stories that evoke an impenetrable Scottish miracle, its rough mountains wrapped in fog. Legend. Still, Seach'd is rooted in reality. It gives him special charm. She has rough beauty and authenticity, relaxed by some of the best Gaelic singers that you will ever hear. Aonghas (Angus) visits his grandfather at the hospital shortly before his death. Burning with frustration. Part of him longs to be in the twenty-first century, to hang out in Glasgow. But he grew up on the west coasts among the Gaelic community. However, there is a deeper conflict within it. He is eager to find out the truth. The truth behind her grandfather's ancient stories. Where does the fiction end? And he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents. He is recalled to make the last fateful journey, to the top of one of the least accessible mountains in Scotland. Can I tell the truth? Or is it all in the stories? In this story of stories, we return to the bloody battles, poisoned lovers, the folklore of the old and sometimes more treacherous folklore of the accepted truth. In this way, each of us connects with Angus while living a story about his life. Like Angus, I was a little annoyed by the excuse to talk about stories. But, just like Angus, I forgave this once I saw a 'bigger picture'. Forget boxing traps Braveheart and the like. Perhaps you even renounce the righteous famous dramatization of The Vicker Man. To see a film that is true for Scotland, this is probably unique. If you may meditate on this deep enough, you may even re-evaluate the power of narration, and the old question is there are some truths that can not be told but only experienced.
