The incredible documentary captured all the raging chaos and misery that went over New York on that fateful morning of September 11th. Intensive, personal and complete riveting, September 11 is perhaps the biggest documentary ever made by chance, which gives it even more attraction. Until that morning, the directors Gideon and Jules Naudet were following the fire department in New York, focusing specifically on one new recruiter in a small piece who shot about rigorous training to become a firefighter. Having left the team in the morning recording another simple routine cleanup, Jules raises the camera to the sky just in time to capture one of the famous pictures of the first plane hit by the World Trade Center, and hence there was no simple documentary. More. The viewers are given insight into how it is to be in and around it, like an incredible group of firefighters and a deeply confused cameraman trying to go through this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet monitors these automatically programmed heroes in the tower until the entire support is blurred around them. The cruel fear of unknown, future fate is lurking with more persistence than any fictitious production could ever understand when we look at less and less becomes audible and visible to those who are trapped inside. It's almost equally unforgettable that Brother Gideon honestly caught the whole city in a bunch of more and more tangible fears of what they were collectively testifying. By the time we see that the second tower collapses, while the cameraman is protected from apocalyptic remains, we just need to rinse the dirt out of the stunning recordings. Apparently, filmmakers deserve only so much recognition as if they are in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although they may admire only two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; in a few desperate minutes, we see that they become like firefighters who document - only instead of saving lives they know they have to save recordings, even if they cost their own safety. After watching 9/11, and seeing it out in 2002, I feel much more displeased with the recent extradition of Oliver Stone, the world's largest trade center in the budget. Many criticized the film because they ignorantly narrowed the focus on those two survivors trapped in ruins, and although I enjoyed the film quite fine for the small and sentimental Hollywood focus he made on September 11, everything made his film completely obsolete. Not only will this ultimate grip remain the only definitive collection since that day, but also a sublime half-way transfer ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character that is needed to never again sensationalize the event.
