The truth is that you always remember what you did at the moment of disaster or tragedy. And nothing further, September 11, 2001, the date that changed the whole global landscape in its fight against terrorism. No, this documentary did not intend to deal with events that led to events that led to terrorism. / 11. Instead, filmmakers, brothers Gedeon and Jules Naudet, went to the documentary about the trials and troubles of the newest firefighter in New York. They went to the academy and did some training, and chose their "test" (trial fireman) to join them in the Nazi fire brigade, where Ladder 1 and Motor 7 were. But their production was to develop and retain on that time, which is believed to be the only record of the first plane that hit the tracking center of the world. I traveled back with a friend on the train from the night of playing the LAN and received a call 850 hours local time from my father, who informed me about the above. A few minutes later, he told me that there was another one, and that the VTC was attacked. When I arrived home, the upper floors of twin towers were in flames and smoke, and to my horror, they crashed in less than an hour. who followed the team on a routine call, and who immediately rushed to the VTC after he heard and saw the plane crash in her. We monitor what is the only recorded sequence of events in the VTC1 lobby, where the first responsible firefighters, nurses and the police have to understand what happened and quickly develop the action plan. The second camera, which was held by another brother, went to the VTC to look for his brother and sister, and on that way he captured many expressions of New York, as well as a sense of chaos in and around Manhattan. > In the documentary there are numerous interviews with men from Ladder 1 and Engine 7, who miraculously did not suffer any casualties. But survival has led to their own psychological unrest as they struggle to agree with the event. Through events that take place, we learn about a strong friendship among those people who risk living on a daily basis and hit their jobs to save lives. We started with what the documentary should have been, before the Events of that day turned completely and became a focus, until the rescue phase in which they hope to find survivors under the ruins to hold on life by people who work non-stop to understand the ruined steel structures. It's not a movie that's invented, and what you see here can not be recreated in any other documentary film (and heaven, not a sound stage for Hollywood blockbusters). It's the closest thing you can reach that day, watching the event close up, from security. With 1 DVD contains a special extra hour of 4 sets of interviews with ladies from ladders 1 and engines 7.
