Summing up this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber of your body tells you that this does not happen right from the beginning of fast picture assembling, to the last cleaning image in Ground Zero, but every where it's real. The story was invented by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-dai") want to make a documentary about firefighters in the city of New York, starting with a "nephew" from the academy and tracking it through a nine-month trial to a full-fledged firefighter. In search of the help of his close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and firefighter at station 1, Motor 7, Naudets goes through "Probies" at the academy and finds one, Tony Benetakos to focus most of his documentary film. he. Tony becomes the task of a joke and slowly teaches entry and exits from cell life through members of this close family. Firefighters have superstitions around "Probies". That is, they are either "white clouds" or "black clouds", which means that with the latter, all types of fire follow a "breakthrough". First of all, very few fires follow, but one day there will be a mother of all the fires. Tony is "White Cloud". After the first initial pain, Tony was placed in a firehouse as if he were an experienced veterinarian. Then it happens unimaginable ... September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning call to go and see about the alleged gas leak near Vol Strita. Since Jules had little experience with the camera, Gideon hands over the camera to his younger brother and tells him to ride with the boss, T. K. Pfeifferom. When they arrive at 8:42 am, firefighters start using their gas detectors over the grid. Then suddenly the screaming of what looks like a low-flying plane passes by the scene, and as Jules climbs upward, we see the first strike of the day. Let Air 11 American Airlines break into the face of the North Tower of World Trade. Pfeiffer issues his men to the fire department and moves to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules wants to join the boss in the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing catastrophe begins to appear on the faces of people whose sole purpose is to save lives. Gideon Naudet decides to leave the firehouse and go to the point of impact. Once there, he records the impact of another plane, the flight of United Airlines 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows Jules is with Pfeiffer's head inside the towers. Looking and grasping the reaction of the audience to the unimaginable, Gideon is beginning to record an increasing fear in Lower Manhattan. Inside one tower, Jules records the last glimpse of the world, or he will have his sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, boys, friends as one at a time, each firefighter who carries 60 kilograms of equipment begins a long, tiring rush to 80 stories to save wounded and captured. Jules also captures the last moment when Chief Pfeiffer will have his brother, Kevin, while going to perform his selfless duty. The footage also captures the sound of dense sounds of falling bodies hitting the sidewalk of victims choosing to jump from higher floors above the impact zone before facing death in the flames of smoke and smoke. But Jules was respected, he never caught a sensational moment ... the money shot. His work is professional through his fiery baptism. He also caught sight of the remains that fell from the tower two after being hit by another plane and ordered the way firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is caught in the demolition of the southern tower and the first official victim is taken: father Michael Judd, a firefighting chaplain. Then as Jules and Chief Pfeiffer arrive to the road from demolishing the tower two, the tower begins its structural collapse. What results in a stunning, sharp look from the inside of the Ground Zero, as Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing whether or not he is alive, everyone is afraid of the worst. As each firefighter arrives at the firefighting home, they greet with a joyous embrace that they have returned. And at one point of overwhelming emotions, Jules and Gideon reunite again. As Jules cries on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraced his younger brother while Hanlon made movie creators. There is a terrible moment when it is believed that Toni Benetakos, who left the station with the former boss, is lost ... but returns to the cage, this "Probie" has proven. Showing only three breaks, September 11 is a stunning achievement in a documentary film. It is located there with a Hindenburg recording in the display of history as it unfolds. You should praise yourself for skillful handling of the subject. In the smaller hands, the tendency would be towards sensationalism, but the artisans would ease their eyes towards dignity and compassion. Hanlon tells us, we get the feeling of his words as he guides the audience through the events of September 11th. He never searches for a camera for his own glory, but exhibits scenes that you will see. I also praise CBS for their courage in broadcasting this special. Damaged due to attempts to capture ratings, they mitigate their editing according to the emotions of relatives of those who have died. This must be seen for anyone who needs to remember what a true heroism is. It's not about basketball, nor about the sale of hateful albums ... 9/11 is about mankind at its best. Heroism is at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
