9/11 is a classic example of a cinemas of faith, a kind of realistic documentary, in this case firefighters of New York as they fight against one of the most unusual events of world history. These are all tiny, unobtrusive, handheld video cameras, which are often issued due to poor quality of most recording (and by the director, and Naudet's hand often deletes the screen). In this film, you get to know most firefighters - Tony Benatatos, a newcomer (or 'pierce', in the firefighter's nails in New York), firefighter Joseph Pfeiffer (who later sees him losing his brother) and several others. There are studio interviews with most of these people throughout the film, only to emphasize the personal, reflexive nature of the event. The construction was quite dramatic and well-done, especially in the firefighting ceremony, with several useful swish-pans and a kind of dialectical editing of a rather limited movie shop (just like some good people of Reiner's). ). Tony looks proud. The view and corner of the camera are usually in the middle of firefighters, which is interesting and there is a great shot from the VTC1 lobby, while Pfeiffer and his team are planning the following - this is a classic movie theater. There is also a terrible, disturbing sound of an occasional human body that breaks down on a porch outside. Then all the burning fire chief Pfeiffer realized that his task was desperate and probably hopeless - and that's before the VTC2 collapsed. You have to give Naudet a confession to know what faces will be filmed and at what point. The sound of the adjacent VTC2 collapse is so terribly sad, sharp and intimidating that you understand what this is a difficult temptation for firefighters. From the lobby, it looks, feels and sounds like the end of the world, and the poor firemen look so completely confused and scared. There is a huge winding vortex - like that giant, monolithic wild beast that slowly descends to earth after being so wounded - the neighboring tower collapsed, and the fire team remaining in VTC1 is not aware of this event. Where is communication? This film is fascinating, but storytelling is amateurish and should have been avoided - signs like "this really was given as no one else" or naudic, often banal statements like "you could see the fear in the eyes of everyone 'and' I knew that Toni was crazy '! The movie is actually just a long video diary, there are no images from multiple buildings, where some firefighters have gone. Imagine this film fitted with CCTV footage from some rooms with a higher or some newspaper title The effect would be higher. You could even combine this story with the gradon story the leaders of Giuliani and, perhaps, the famous Cornishman Rick Riscorl, who literally had many floors acting as a hero. I do not see many propaganda elements in this film, as some reviewers suggest, this film is not a triumph of will, Riefenstahl. After a while firefighters covered the American flag over a nearby, surviving building that looked at what became Ground Zero. So what? There are some moments of suspicious shooting; for example, who holds the camera when two Naudet brothers reconnect to a fire station? Is it set up? There is a great finishing work, very much in the tradition of great French director Alen Resnais (Hiroshima mon amour), with two tape of light reflecting in water, tingling.
