** Warning! Mildly beverages forwards! ** (Yes, I understand that it is difficult to spoil the historical documentary, but I discover some of the side events and methods.) This is an outstanding documentary, not only because of the extraordinary shots , but also because of the story behind her. Since the Nauders did not go to tell the story of September 11th, but about the newcomer firefighter, the emotions of men and the connections of viewers with them are more real and powerful than they would be in a standard retrospective. In film terms, "9/11" is a tutorial. If the events were the actual scenario, they would be great, as the characters were established, and then thrown into the curve to which they must react. This is even more unlikely given the pain and emotions of raw recordings that the directors had to break through to make up this story. The first part of the film provides an insight into life within a fire station; in particular, how a newcomer assimilates a veteran team. That part is quite good, and the documentary is allowed to run the planned course, it would probably be solid. It seems that the brothers are realizing the process of becoming a firefighter in New York. Then, of course, all hell is lost. The chaos that follows after the attack of the VTC is clearly seen, because the different characters we met get into fearful situations. See not only attacks, but first-hand responses are a very moving picture of extreme human emotions. Consequences, in which it is discovered that firefighters are lost and found, human drama is at its peak. Life and death are in balance. Unlike many movies, the viewer not only does not know who will live and die, but will genuinely care about them. The only negative thing that I must say about this is that Robert DeNiro (whom I love) blurbs was informative, unnecessary, and did not improve the story at all. They were probably only added to attract more television viewers. Bottom line: the best documentary I've ever seen. Unusual displays of raw human emotions and drama. 9.5 out of 10
