I was one of many who expected to see the glorified, Iankee-doodle dandi portrait of the day that (as it is known cited) should live in shame, not glory. How wrong I was. These guys were there, right in the middle, and the pictures they brought back were incredible and heartbreaking. Nevertheless, it all happened on a random trip to the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Two French filmmakers compiled a documentary on life as a firefighter in New York, especially from the perspective of a young novice coming through the ranks. At first, we saw a lot of things, just to remind us that there was no reflection on the production of the film about terrorism. This should have been a film about ordinary people who make a decent life helping others, and the beauty of the film is that it never loses its advantage. While investigating a suspicious gas line (I think my memory is a bit blurry on that), suddenly we hear the plane flying overhead. The camera rises and reveals a commercial jet torpedo that is torpedoed into one of the towers. What should a cameraman think at this time? Recognizing the importance of the recording on which the camera stays, and perhaps realizing the same thing, the FDNI allows the camera to be tracked in the building. The following is a real look from the front lines. We see the FDNI's commitment, their reaction (stunning silence after the first person fell to death), as well as the collapse of one of the buildings inside, while the other camera captures events from the outside. If there were no horrible events that were covered, the image itself would be the realization of the dream of every young doc of the master. Simply, the recording deserves to be preserved for all time. But what really sets this film is the true humanity it brings to the viewer. We see firefighters who charge without hesitation, people of different races help each other escape to trigger ruins, and even the concerns of filmmakers one after the other (they are brothers) because they can not come in mutual confusion. In this film there are incredible scenes and incredible human stories, something Hollywood could never duplicate (though it is trying). 9/11 is not a film about politics. Nor is it a film about religion, nationality or even jihad. September 11th is a film about people, and it is a true indicator of the best and the worst we are capable of. 9/11 is simply one of the most important films I've ever seen, and it would be the only film that would have been born out of this event if it were on me. You can not duplicate it.
