My roommate bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her. She is from China and she only heard about 9/11 and wanted to know the cold heavy truth and she wanted to tell her more after the documentary. I felt terribly watching this documentary, it was like I was re-living the nightmare and still tears of my eyes. But I am extremely grateful that I have been watching this documentary because on September 11, I am sure that we all remember where we were and what we did when we heard, we all could only think of certain questions: "Why?", "How?", "What's Happening?", "Oh, my God." ! "Almost all Americans were grateful for the brave firemen and police officers who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we were thinking about what they really were going to do. This really was not supposed to be a documentary on September 11, the cameraman just recorded a typical day at work and they just by chance were a few blocks away from the World Trade Centers and got everything, outside and inside, at September 11, I thought, "It's okay, cops and firefighters will draw people who have survived. "To be honest, I thought it was I was in high school in high school and started to change from the gym and I was about to go to science lessons. Someone came to the dressing room crying: "Let the building just bombed in New York!", We are all quickly got dressed and ran to our classrooms while watching the first tower on TV Not only 15 seconds later on TV, another plane crashed into another World Trade Center and we knew it was not a coincidence. A few minutes later we heard for the Pentagon and that the plane was heading to Chicago, but it was down. So many thoughts went through our heads and I continued to think "What will the firefighters and policemen do?" But this is a process for them I thought, they will know what to do. The first tower collapsed, we knew, so much life is now gone, the other tower collapsed, things will never be the same. These firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion and strength, real raw human emotions. They did not know what to do, they were as scarred as other people who were in the towers. They heard the bodies crash on the ground from people who jumped out of the windows. And here I was in the classroom, I was just crying when I saw everything that happened on TV. I was amazed by this film and I just wanted to go to New York and tell them how many Americans are grateful for their help. I know that they feel like they are just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11, for 3 weeks, they continued to dig knowing that there were no survivors, but they continued to hope and pray. May God bless their good and courageous heart. As for my roommate, she cried and admitted that this was the first time she cried for these attacks. She saw the truth about what happened on that tragic day. She asked "Why?" I did not know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be so evil. "It sounds like a click," but it was a normal day for everyone, "one of the firefighters in the documentary said. No one expected this to happen. Not so, those people at the World Trade Centers, the Pentagon or the planes that were abducted, they just did their job, they were by chance, or they were just there for a moment, they were not only killed, they were slaughtered, and those kidnappers did it with a song in their hearts. Then, in the Middle East, all the people who glory, why do people do it? They celebrated death and loss: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, grandfathers, relatives, etc. Why not? Thanks to these people for making this documentary. You really think about firefighters, policemen and soldiers in Iraq and hope that there are good people in this world. Thanks to all these people, you are our heroes. 10/10
