A super-slick party with starred actors, an extraordinary script, and a strong grip on the approach of the 1950s. At that time, RKO turned classic nights into dozens. But regardless of the value of these shady parachutes, they soon reflected the war mood to give way to the sunny climates of Eisenhower. A few films of the late forties are beyond that noir cycle or more suited for the next decade of the consumer than this sassy little comedy. Jim Blandings (Cari Grant) works as an ad-man at Madison Ave. where in the words of his little daughter - he sells things to people who do not need, at prices that you can not afford. Real good money, but like thousands of others, is tired of living in a cramped urban "cave." So, with his wife Mirnah Loi, they spin out after their dream home in the wild of Connecticutt village. Needless to say, in the nature of nature, they receive more than they were looking for in hilarious fashion. It is difficult in the whole scenario to have a lifelong line. I do not know if the writers of Panama and Frank received the Oscar, but they needed it. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when citizens build a large house on rural land. Accidents accumulate almost as fast as a mortgage, with all the eccentric types leading a construction exhibition and giving Grant a hard time. Of course, no one carries any frustration or frustration more humorously than Grant, so this is just one well-designed laugh after another, especially when the locked closet seems to have its own spiritual mind. Still, unusual, the film seems to have no comedy. Instead, laughter is so professionally arranged that it does not reach any single point. It's a real triumph of a movie for any era. Reaching 60 years later, we can see how skillfully the ideas of the scenarios look better than behind. With her daughter, Blandings may not be a typical American family, but post-war migration from cramped cities to vast suburbs was typical. And what is even more suggestive business for coming consumerism than Blandings as an "ad-man" in charge of finding the most striking ways to sell "ham". More than anything, however, there is a movie sunshine optimism. Oh, of course, the feeling sometimes falls, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon if Blandings just keeps their dreams going. Indeed, life will improve for many people during the upcoming wave, so I expect the movie to echo deeply to the audience of the day. It's an easy-to-read subtext, along with a purely entertaining value, making this film a key statement of comedy from the post-war period. So, if you have not seen her, catch him next time.
