Beginning with the beginning of the babi-boom, after the Second World War, they experienced an unprecedented exodus of Americans who came out of their apartments to a suburb where they could fulfill their dreams of owning their own homes. Director H.C. Potter and co-author of Norman Panama and Melvin Frenk ("The White Christmas"), this lightweight but surprisingly cautious comedy from 1948 paints the feeling of that period well. Of course, it helps to have three professional farceurs? Cari Grant, Mirna Loi and especially fierce Melvin Douglas ?? to conduct the procedure with its natural similarity in opposition to the escalating frustration of the ownership of the house. Although the film now has sixty years, there is a timeless quality of the dreams of Blandings and the obstacles they face in its realization. It is obvious that Hollivood thinks so because it has changed at least twice - first as a very physical comedy by Tom Hanks, "The Pit Pit" in 1986, and again last year with Ice Cube "Are Ve Done Iet?". One view of the HGTV program schedule will show you how to explore the situations that are being investigated here today. The action starts with an advertisement man, Jim Blandings, his wife, Muriel, and their two daughters stranded in two bedrooms. Apartment in Manhattan. Instead of dealing with Muriel's idea to renovate an apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photo of a house in Connecticut in a magazine and realizes that it's the place to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of their lawyer and family friend, Bila Kola, Blandings decides to buy a costly house that is hard to repair. However, the backbone swings so swiftly that the house should be knocked down for the benefit of the new one. This causes Blandings to push architects to design a house so exaggerated that the second floor is twice as big as the first one. Costs grow with every new complication, excitement, and even a romantic triangle conceived as Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities are finally resolved, but not before some funny scenes and smart dialogue that tones the un-blissful ignorance of new homeowners. With its double moves and impeccable delivery of lines, Grant is unmistakable in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings is the symbol of his more indoctrination career. In the role of Irena Dunne originally intended, Mirna Loi shows why she was the perfect woman in Hollywood. She does not get much funnier lines, but combines her special mixture of flying and sweetness to make Muriel attractive. Look how skillfully maneuvering an exquisitely good house painter with his absurdly idiosyncratic color palette. As an avuncular Bill ("Cole? Bill Cole"), Melvin Douglas shows his natural, easy-to-use eleanance as Grant's film. The smaller roles were filled with expertise with Harry Shannon's particularly memorable twists as laconic digger Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's great assistant Marie, and Louise Beavers as Blandings's courteous maid Gussie. DVD DVDs from 2004 offer some intriguing antique materials, including two radio versions of the movie - the first version of 1949, which ended with the pairing of Grant and Dunne, and then another version of the 1950s with his then-woman, Betsy's actress Drake. The most adequate cartoon from 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", is also included and gives us a comedy tour of a futuristic dream house. Original theater trailers for the ten Grant film classic complete the accessories.
