Keko mask of Japanese Tomo Akiiame (1993) is a very pleasant film for garbage and it's fun to watch! There are several sequences, but I did not see them because these films are hyper-rare. Some sort of reissue one day would be nice, because I think that many riders would love these movies. The language in the story about the face is about an extremely strict school in which teachers think it is right to torture students to achieve discipline, which, according to teachers, is the most important thing in education. The school is leading incredibly funny looking (just look at the costume!) A human wizard / whatever, who is the headmaster at school, and just adds that it can not be explained why he wears such a costume, as all other teachers are perfectly well dressed. Well, the main thing in the movie is his name, Keko Mask, which is some kind of beautiful and masked villa, which always comes to save girls and students who are abused and tortured by teachers! Yes, this superheroine is one effective female while struck and struck by evil teachers with a totally sweet background sound. The most important thing is, of course, that she wears only a cloak and a mask, while the rest of the body is naked! Her identity is never revealed in these films, and credits say: "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of actors are listed! The funniest thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills its enemies. It has a beautiful but deadly vagina! Yes, you read well. She kills her victims by flying in the air in front of her, spreading her legs and letting the enemies become blinded by her eyes, after which she closer and hits her legs! The most common last line the characters say in this movie is: "I've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "I can now die in peace." This movie is totally fantastic! There are also some great ridicule towards Japanese society, for example, his relationship to sex in movies (Japanese censors optically blur / blur all the pubic hair in any movie) and also some restrictions on students ( as girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this movie, etc.) There is one great scene in which a stupid girl sees a girl for the first time seen and says: "Hey there is no fog in it!" I could not help but smile during this scene while I thought that Japanese censors were thinking about it. Also, one character eventually says he will return, if Japan Films allows him to make a sequel. I'm glad it allowed me because I heard that the sequels were equally unheard of. One sequel should include Blues Brothers (yes, THSE Blues Brothers!) In it, etc. This is the garbage in its funniest, funniest and freshest form and so it's a little embarrassing that these movies are so hard to find. This would definitely be even more experience, if at some moments it would be a bit faster, because at one point it gets a bit boring, but fortunately these segments are very small. This film must be seen to be completely trusted, because there are so many garbage elements that I do not mention here and it would not be necessary for me to notify them here. If you like trash movies and movies made in the very faces, I think you will like this little gem like myself, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps the only movie in which this brilliant vagina is lethal?
