I borrowed this film despite its extremely low rating because I wanted to see how the crew managed to animate the presence of more worlds. In fact, they are not - at least it looks like that. Some of the shells seemed pretty clumsy in the film - that's it, most viewers think. However, the surprise comes to an end, and unfortunately then, when most of the viewers have already stopped this film. And I was stunned when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film meant "Journey to Death". This is a spoiler. If this film about a young girl going to this boat (for completely vague reasons), you understand only in the last 5 minutes. When you launch a movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that the coming odds of weird figures are "ghosts". But in reality, this film is not like most other horror films from the perspective of a remote writer-observer who can at any time differentiate between different levels of reality, it was said from a young girl's perspective. We see her not alone, but together with her four friends because she sees them. We do not see her alone. So, parallel worlds are not appearances that appear in the movie, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl and the world are 4 friends. The third world entry is probably a young man with medical skills who comes for a short time on board. I can not get rid of the deep conviction that with this film, the filmmakers "deceived" the audience of a few thousand people by allowing them to believe that what had been done by more or less female filmmakers, with haste The "chosen" pseudo-actors who met only the night before the start of the shooting were to be thrown after at least twelve beers. How wrong it can be! But besides this great surprise we learn only in the last minutes, the end that follows gives another surprise. The girl rescues the crew in a helicopter and another ship. When she recovered from shock, she again visited a place in the port where she and four friends climbed onto the ship. And there they are again! He's got a mache from a ship that's already off the coast. He dives into the water, gets to the boat - and they are absent. Wonderfully beautiful. He remembers me for a long time until the end of the song of the author of the rhetoric: When I woke up, I saw Death standing next to my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he went.
