Hi, I was an alanrickman. I'm still crazy. It was just another movie that I watched partly on TV. Then I had to get a video tape to finally find out how it ended. Then I wanted a DVD, because the tape showed the first signs of decay after a few weeks. After the DVD I had to put my hands on a soundtrack. Then on several film posters and film scenarios. Right now it's getting worse that I'm trying to push other people down depending on my site and the Still Crazi Party. How could this possibly happen? What led me to addiction? OK, it's one of those funny, but kind of sad and melancholy intelligent comedies just what the British can do. Okay, the movie is different from things like "This Is Spinal Tap", because of the characters that are not childish or ultra cool, but real. This is a story about how men get older. A story about how men agree with one another. Or not. It contains some of the best possible actors. Tim Spall. Stephen Rea. Bruce Robinson. Jimmi Nail. And Bill Nighi. Bill Nighi, who made one of the best shows I've ever seen in the movie. Good, soundtrack is incredible. Foreigner Mick Jones wrote songs for the imaginary band Strange Fruit. Jimmi Nail, played by bassist Les Vickes and Bill Nighi, who portrays the egocentric but awkward singer Rai Simms, are really singing. We know about Jimmy Nail, but if you just heard Bill Nighie's singing in Love Actualli, you have no idea how big his voice is. Well, the fever will be for every scene that will come for the k-th road, especially those scenes of the concert. You would die that you could really stand in the crowd of dancing when Strange Fruit did "All Over The Vorld," singing on the top of the lungs. For a long time you want to cry and celebrate with thousands of people again the birth of a real Strange Fruit on the stage of the festival in Visbech. It's hard but ... I'm addicted to this movie. I depended on Strange Fruit. If there is a world in which this band really exists, I would like to move there. You are still crazy ... anybody?
