This series could be the best Britcom ever, and that's a lot, given the competitors (Favlity Tovers, Good Neighbors, to mention only two). For what the butterflies are so superior, even in the best of the best, it is that it has not only illustrated a great, classical, elegant and intelligent comedy, but it also expanded the horizons, reflecting - flawless, gentle and every detail - the great social change that has taken place in Britain. I remember seeing this show as a teenager and that I was awe-inspiring to all of this. The way of life shown was remarkable in itself. This was the first time I've seen the right people using cordless phones. And the wardrobe of all the characters was far from the stupid rust of the seventies that was still seen in North America at that time. Then there were decorations, shops, cars. These people - even those who were little ones, with their philosophical approach to life and epigramatic humor - were sophisticated. These were examples of "new Europeans" who will have an impact on life and style around the world in the next decade (1980s). Of course, the premise was weird and fantastic. The idea that somebody who lived in a suburban dream could have been so unhappy and unsettled was revolutionary, especially for North Americans for whom happiness is always defined as money and things (certainly the situation was shown in American films and on television, but not with intensity butterflies or films from Montenegro). And if the premise was not surprising enough, the means to which it was expressed led to the extreme. Potential affair that was not really related to sex, or even romanticism? Butterflies blind many, but it surely left some people banging their forehead in disbelief ... at any moment. Butterflies have been shown - in many ways - prophetic. It documented, ahead of its time - the postmodern ennui, the all-embracing way of life, the idea of ​​emotional disbelief, generational disconnection, and male dissatisfaction (perfectly illustrated by the tense relations of father-son). It is a pity that this series was not rediscovered in a great way, and all those involved were given credit for creating a meaningful shot of a certain time and place, and anticipating all the smoothness and anxiety that should have come.
