It can not be denied that Hak Se Vui is a well-designed and well-designed film. The film uses a number of clever parts of identification all the time playing with modernity, but keeping up with the tradition? The theme in the film Where John Voo movies in Hong Kong are acting and over the top in their explosive content as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when movies in Hong Kong are settling in the rhythms of telling stories from a bad 'At times, they can sometimes stutter and become just inconceivable, a good example is the City on Fire (1987). The choice is a film that is remembered for the pure fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence that are performed in realistic and tasty (if it's the right word) way, as well as the smart little "in pieces" of making a movie . It's hard to spot it while watching, but the Selection is really constructed in some sort of three-way structure: there is the first point of concern about the actual choices and who is voting? Not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncle says is going. The second act is to restore the ancient bar from China that requires tradition during inauguration with the last third consequence of inauguration and certain characters who come up with their own ideas about how the Triads should and should be guided. Needless to say; certain events and contingencies occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and immaterial, while some are much larger and more spectacular. The selection has some shortcomings with the majority that comes in the third third. Trying to kill the time of the election that took only a few minutes to complete was an obviously difficult task for writers and filmmakers, and this is shown at numerous points. I had the feeling that a certain scene just started to go somewhere before the police interrupted, and then everyone was arrested. This happens several times: in the restaurant a fight fights, but there is the police and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting on a stick between the triads, but the police appeared and everyone was arrested; some other triads have a pre-election conversation, but the police have appeared and guess what? You know. When the film gets out of the track I thought it would do, it uses the world bar as a planning device to move everyone. The rod deals with some good scenes of fighting like chasing the truck after it was hot, another move involving a motorcycle and a kung fu fight with a pile of weapons in the street? The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are in a "tasty way". Where the Selection really is raised is its attention to these fine details. When the Triads are in jail, the bars are covered with wire and suggest that all animals are in cages because they behave externally when they are in conflict. Another fine attention to detail is the way Unclei is taught by tea rather than alcohol, rises above other gangsters using champagne (Long Friday Friday) and citing the Chinese tradition of tea drinking in glory or commemoration. Br /> The selection is a good movie that is well structured enough to enjoy a movie that has a fantastic mision while you watch what's happening. Some of the interior adjustments and clothes, as well as bunches of styling that scrape as a search and bang for a stick, are getting stronger. Inauguration is, as a second short film, fully integrated into the film; pointing out Chinese tradition in this process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene, as it is perfectly summed up: two funny characters who are fishing and discussing the rule of the Triads and remain realistic, unpredictable and violent: of course, in a tasty way.
