Perhaps it would be a bit wrong to open a review by describing the movie in terms of other films, but I think that's the best way to get closer to the place that the Electoral Site occupies in the arena of the gangster genre. It works somewhere between Kum and Kinji Fukasaku's Jacuzzi opus Iakuza Papers (AKA Battles without Honor and Humanity), being at the same time romanticized and realistic, dark and refined. But it is also Johnnie To film, and as such it carries a special touch of Hong Kong. Every two years HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time, one of the candidates is not overly satisfied with the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands in great concern over the remainder of the Triad and the police. It's a story in the shortest terms, but be sure there's a lot more to do with it. As in The Iakuza Papers, there are a lot of intrigue, reverberation, and the formation and transfer of loyalty (sometimes all I need is a phone call - in one of the most striking scenes I've seen lately) that may not necessarily make a deep drama, but they make an interesting plot and a good conflict of character. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in this respect. The selection is not action oriented, as would be expected; although he is violent. I'm not talking about a great, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and dark. The camera remains in the scenes of people who are brutalized in a way that reveals the humanity and inhumanity of perpetrators and victims; after all, violence is an integral part of us whether we like it or not. If you are familiar with Too's style, then you should know what you can expect. Pacing is relatively slow and intentional. The cinema is brilliant, smooth and dark in equal measure, using dark shades (brown, dark green and orange) while smooth shots add lively quality. Finally, the choice takes a sort of place. It's not exactly a study of character, and it's not a gangster-oriented action movie. She explores the situation (choices and consequences), but she does it in style, and is realistic and romantic (triad triumphs, especially the echo of the oriental godfather).
