First, I must say that I made a mistake watching movies about the choice in the order. I'm sorry to say that since I first saw Selections 2, the choice seems a little disappointing. Both films are gangster epics of similar form. And while Choosing a Pleasant Cinema ... it's not nearly as good as a sequel. In the first election rate, we were shown two candidates for the chair; Big D and Lok. After several scenes of "uncle" discussion about who should have the title of chairman, they (almost unanimously) decide that Lok (Simon Iam) will manage the Triads. Suffice it to say that this does not go well with Big D (Toni Leung Ka Fai) rival and try to influence the takeover, Big D's two uncles to start the election board on their side. This has catastrophic results and leads triads to war. Loch is determined to become chairman, but will not become an official until he receives the warning "Dragon Head Baton", the material presentation of the chairman of the power. The current president, Chung Wang, has hidden a baton somewhere in mainland China, and the race is in progress to see who will first recover. Large part of the film is dedicated to Baton Recovery. . As both leading leaders demand it, they must avoid policemen and the opposite, leading to one of the prominent election scenes, in which there is a subordinate Jet (Nick Cheung), a machete and many bad guys. The presence of Nick Cheung is at least attracted attention ... I wonder if it influenced director Johnie To in any way while he was working on another choice because he brings in more Jet's character below. While Nick Cheung gives a scene that steals performance, I must not miss out on other actors. Elections have an excellent ensemble with well-designed performances that are both subtle and influential. Simon Iam is usually his magnificent creature, and the film also benefits from heavy-duty actors such as Louis Koo, Toni Leung Ka Fai, and Suet Lam insufficiently respected. There are really no bad links in the act and it's easy to believe that they are looking at real gangsters. Although the performances are great, one of the most impressive things about choosing is Johnnie To's eating for the camera. There are some really impressive recordings in the film, and it should not be said that Definitely knows how to frame your recordings, because the viewer is treated with a number of innovative and fairly brilliant cameras and angles. All this is done by the Choice, first of all, a great movie. My film problems mostly arise from the amount of characters involved in the Selection. It's hard to follow because the movie is so full of characters that are not an integral part of the action. While the sequel decides to focus more on two candidates, the first election offers the electoral process as a whole with the tones of uncle, subordinates, and police officers who carry out the story. Perhaps the film would have worked better if it was a little longer with more time devoted to the internal functioning of the Triad, or that the director Johnnie To lowered the necessary elements and explained them more. Bottom line - All in all, this is a brutal brutal film with a great acting team, a great direction and a casual pacing with plenty of punches. It's just a little more complicated than it should have been.
