When I think of the cheesiest guilty pleasures, the first thing I think is that thirty-year-olds are knocking. It's a really bad shot. A formulated type of film, where only one scenario is needed, was 2 parts of the blood and several parts of the nausea to make. Faster to the late '90s / early '00. The Slicer was revived by the success of Scream in 1996. As in the 1980s, these films were formal, concealing the lack of inspiration by labeling themselves as "parody of the hip, language in the face" of the original Slasher movements. From this recent blend of "hip parody" neo-slasher flicks, the only worthy sight is the low budget, "Cut", directly on the video. Like most other "new" Slasher flicks, "Cut" relies on the production of a slasher movie, in this case the fictitious "Hot Blooded" from 1985, in order to comment on the genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished production, because of the killings by someone carrying the killer film Scarman, a bald figure with closed lips and dark eyes without a pupil. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose professor was involved in the production, decided to go to the vaults, press the original actress and finish the film. But every time a movie is filmed or the scene is recorded, "Scarman" returns and somebody dies. To quote a tagline, will it finish the movie before it finishes? All this sounds very bad, and to some extent it's (really, is there something like a good jerk?). There is no character development (the "new" director reveals that the daughter of the original director, "Hot Blooded," whose life was obviously destroyed after the production was canceled, would be the perfect detail for which the plot had to be done, but never mentioned) And, like all other slasher flicks, there are too many caring bodies. Actors are not good, even with the standards of direct video, but most entertain with their characters (and for those who are not, it is an unintentional acting character, as none of their characters in the movie did not want to work on "Hot Blooded"), especially who was lucky to play Scarman. The "Cut" peak does not have large "those who do not know" the discovery of a killer like in "Scream" movies. There are no murders in the films "Urban Legend". What she has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted "so we can write a sequel if it is well sold" ending. But this is parallel to the course. Any reasonable viewing standards, this is a horrible movie to be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it root at the root of the slasher genre, and that's what makes it more pleasant than anybody another neo-slasher flicks.
