Twelve years ago, production stopped on the movie "Hot Blooded", because almost everyone on the set started to die. Several filmmakers decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there is a rumor that the film is cursed. Well, it's just going to find out that some of the curse is real. When Scream was published, every country wanted to cash in on its success, even Australia. The concept, which was executed to death today (film in the form of a slasher film in a single film), was relatively cold and genuine at that time. This film was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (but not in the US, but in Australia), so it was the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were prepared to get sick of this concept and because the movie was not good, the film has collapsed disastrously. Now, Cut is not the best shot ever, nor is it trying to be. She knows it is a hijacking, and even a girl who looks like a blue version of Neve Campbell in the main role. But instead of trying to add some new and original craft in the story, they decided to shake off some cherries like "Nightmare on Elm Street", and, surprisingly, this really works. The killer is very creepy and this mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to scare the audience to death, they created a very good and frightening atmosphere that keeps us uncertain during most of the film. There are several holes in the film for works that I could not completely ignore, and the end was the biggest hole in the movie. Spoiler ahead; I mean, they burned out the only copy of the movie, so where the hell did they find the printout on the final scene? It does not make sense to tell you. The end of the spoiler. All in all, Cut is a pretty creepy slip with a funny story, but I consider this to be one of the better Scream rip-offs that never made it big. I'm surprised that this never got a sequel, but I guess it just came out too late. Suspensive Australian slasher twitches with very little fear. Cut is still a rather neat film and I will have to recommend this, although I think the story is pretty stupid because it's completely funny.
