As with all Angelopoulos films, the "Suspended Step of the Line" implicitly requires a close and intimate participation of viewers, which certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are economical, without any monologues or exchanges that internalize internal conflicts, doubts or feelings of characters. The director prefers to distance spectators from his own emotional reactions, and instead forces them to explore and study the identity of the characters themselves. As a result, acting is underestimated and implicit, unlike an open and explicit one. Action scenes are set between long interval of thinking, where viewers are asked to become a participant, participate as an actor, questioning their psyche. As in a novel, where drama rests exclusively on the author's writing in order to provide a template in which the imaginary reader flourishes and / or past experience, Angelopoulos's drama lies in his paintings: his use of long recordings, long, casual use of pacing, the daring dialogues that became his a trademark, inviting the viewer to experience a film from his or her own perspective. Angelopulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, gaze, sounds and music, when he believes that our words can be taken so far. Music, Angelopoulos's longtime collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than a discreet background, but becomes a dramatic element of the story. A large part of the film consists of external images in subtle, damped colors, recorded in gray winter light. Angelopulos presents us "the second Greece", far from Greece in tourist brochures, with ethereal blue sky and emerald sea, sunk into the eternal sun. Here, the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy, and the sand of the unspoilt beaches is replaced by crushed, dirty snow streets. Angelopulos 'genius through Arvanitis' has been shown throughout the film. The "Suspended Step of the Rode" is primarily a political statement focused on the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. She is deeply concerned with the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion among peoples. In the "waiting room" that looks at the Albanian border, refugees, political or other, excommunicated from the rest of humanity, are waiting. They can be stuck on the political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them the more and more deeper boundaries of the ancestors: those languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos' political views are well-known, the film is kept away from any political discourse about the causes of refugee situations. In this process, Angelopulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of Greece of the twentieth century, and likes to introduce lessons from the Hellenic myths in his discussions. In this film, he crosses the border between Greek and Italian culture, drawing from the combined Homeric and Danteian tradition of the Odyssey journey. Alexander is Telemachus, searching for a story about an old Greek politician / Odyssey who disappeared, and never heard again. This political man, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the lowest. He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Aleksandrov's father, but "the politician" stands before Alexander as a father / Odyssey. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows up as a person during his odyssey. Of course, it would be wrong to see in the film an attempt to talk about Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopulos relies on Odyssey's travels only as structural and thematic elements for her film. In Angelopoulos's end, "Odyssey" is more like Dante's Odyssey: he does not go to Itaku, but continues, "wears a suitcase." And Alekander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or traveling to "somewhere else". In his voice at the beginning of the film, he says how many paraphrases of several lines from Dante's "Hell": "And do not forget that the time has come for the journey again. The wind blows your eyes away." Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme presented during the film in the form of yellow-haired leaders, who go around and promote things for their neighbors. reconnecting communications, as well as Christ's figure of "politicians". In the final scene, these men in the yellow tone again show the influence of Byzantine iconography in Angelopoulos's work. They appear as "stylists", religious people who are in Orthodox tradition, lonely and fervent people who have occupied their dwelling on the tops of pillars, in the form of asceticism. The film ends without a resolution on the true identity of the character Mastroianni. Angelopulos does not give us any indication, and the statement of the woman, "He is not," is far from convincing and ambiguous enough. The important question of the film is whether or not he is a politician, but he can be a politician. But the film is still ending with an optimistic note. While the wires are tense from half to half running along the river, so communication across the border is still not possible, and remains impenetrable, note that this final scene is taken from a point of view across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the reverse shot of Alexander's call and viewers to follow the border. In that sense, Angelopoulos gives us hope that some borders will somehow collapse.
