In the late forties, there was a comedy comedy comedy, because the films moved in the other direction, comically and in some other way. With television that appears on the horizon, Hollivood will soon be in a very difficult time. Where, she wondered, would films disappear to make television appear, or that her arrival on the scene was postponed in five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his dream home offering one special way that comedy could develop. The man Jim Blandings, together with his wife and two daughters, lives in a beautiful, but too cramped apartment in New York. , because one day she gets a great idea that it might be fun to realize her dream of building a house in the suburbs. So, he buys a property in Connecticut and has built up his precise specifications. So pretty. Had he known of the troubles he was in, he might have changed his mind. Then maybe it is not. You decide. About this fragile premise, we get a wonderful movie, full of conflict between the dreams of the middle class about owning a home and the often unpleasant reality of acquisition. Nothing comes easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings teaches; but it should not be poor only because things do not always go their own way. After all, there is a long-term. But, Blandings asks every few minutes, how long has it been? This film is a thrill. It is not, I suppose, a masterpiece in the tradition of Capra-McCarey, but it is worthy of the successor of thirty paintings, and maybe it was also the hallmark of the things that came about the arrival of television so radically changed the cultural landscape. . There is a real heat in the picture, and a good part (V.C.) of Fieldsian's ardent reality that is occasionally compressed, but not so much to leave a bad taste. People in the film are very smart and rich, but determined from a professional upper middle class, not from an empty rich upper class. Leading players Cari Grant and Mirna Loi play the gentleman and Mrs. Blandings to perfection. ; while Melvin Douglas is fine as their pragmatic friend lawyer, who often has to bring out unpleasant issues, such as the real world. Likewise, there is a wonderful feeling for what could be called the romantic of the suburbs, which was in its infancy in the immediate aftermath of years, as the forests and streams that attracted people to the ground in the First Place. These people are definitely fish outside the water at that time still mostly rural of Connecticut. In a few short years, things would change, so that the craziest crash into the suburbs would be in full swing, destroying the pastoral innocence that many longed for in small towns, soon to be connected by freeways, full bottles and cans, their effluvia competing with everything I'd meet in town.
