"In the world of kung fu films in the old school, where the picture of the vengeance was given a tenth, it took a lot of the film to be separated - and even more to adore it after all these years. The finest film Chang Čeh continues to have an impact on the film industry in Hong Kong , from the theme of loyalty, fraternity and revenge, as explored by John Woo (who started working in the film industry in Chiang) during the height of the heroic bloodshed during the late eighties, to more modern films such as Man Called Hero, a figure in a costume inspired by this film, and the influence is transmitted It's also in other areas, from music such as the Vu-Tang clan, Sprite TV commercials and video games such as "Mortal Kombat." And what makes this film so special? The action - on the surface - is quite simple. Innocent groups known as "Poison Clan" who are looking for a mildly hidden siphon, all members of the group have outstanding kung fu abilities, labeled with their animal styles, or "poison" (the lizard can climb walls, the scorpion has a lethal strike, etc.). ). The bandage is that the clan always wears masks, but they do not know who else is. Such a simple act becomes almost an uncertain thriller. We're not talking about Common Suspects, but it's far beyond many other kung-fu movies of that time. Apparently, the Golden Harvest was not too pleased with Chang's scenario - like most of his films, they thought it was too dark and violent - and in fact they wanted to add a broad comic relief to him. Luckily, Chiang stood in his arms and stayed with his original script, which has since become honored as one of the best for movies of his time, if not ever, finishing a perfectly perfect play arch and providing the perfect backbone for extraordinary however, what really fuels films are poisons themselves. Chiang Kai won the magic formula with the actors - not only did he get talented fighters (whose moves, competing without the help of wires or other special effects, embarrassed), but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Chiang usually had one or more toxins in her later films. Returning to things in their hands, in most films of old schools, actors act to perform cartons, but actors here are actually creating characters. Everybody seems to have a favorite poison (my Philip Knox - most known as Mad Dog from Hardcover - as a lizard) and this personal connection with the characters that The Five Deadli Venom generates makes him a real classic genre. Even if you're not a fan of old school movies, you have to check out The Five Deadli Venoms, if you do not see anything else from where modern films are inspired. "
