For all that gallant, respectful and acknowledgment that this film receives from Kung Fu historian, he still lacks greatly a few critical areas: scenes of action and fighting. But I must say that the plot is probably the best and most original I've ever seen in a martial arts movie. Five deadly poisons must doubtlessly see, not only that, a movie that you can watch over and over again; but I also have to say that after watching it you feel that it could have been even better. Somehow it leaves you to want something, you want more. Producer Chang Cheh nicely puts the story behind potential masterpieces, but does not follow it by giving us more action we want. Styles of struggle in the movie really portray the viewer (Stonoga, Snake, Scorpio, Lizard, Žabac) and are shown, but the battles are noticeably short. The frogs and snakes styles are particularly intriguing and should have been shown much, much more, in fact, the frog was killed to the middle of the film. Interestingly, this film, the absence of ongoing action or struggle, leads to the development of great complication, this is one of several kung fu movies in which you are really interested in the story and are concerned about the outcome. This film has a dark and vicious tone and you are pulled into a vibe. The malignant weapons and tactics of torture are used throughout the film and contribute to the feelings in movies. To start the movie and introduce the producer of the toxic clan, Chang Cheh takes us to a dirty dungeon. The final stages of the fight are certainly good, but they look dim and somehow you expect more. Still, although this film is one of the best Shav Brothers and it's pretty cozy. My general impression of the film would be like this: the styles used by the fighters are only shown to us and not shown in detail, the sad thing is that the director had something extraordinary in his fingers and did not spread on it. I still have a question about what could have happened to this film, yet one of the best. 8 out of 10 on the scale.
