Of all the kung-fu films created during the 70's and 80's, this is the one who developed a true cult. With the exception of all the films, Bruce Lee played in this film that endured the test of time and its unique story. The old kung-fu master tells his last student, Iang Tiehu (Sheng Chiang), about five students who passed. All five were wearing masks and no one saw the face of each other and everyone was dressed differently. Their specialty in kung fu is the name they adopted as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The teacher called them a poisonous clan and he does not know what happened to them, so he wants them to find and help those who do well to stop others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of a toxic clan has a map where he hides a lot of money and seems to be a target. Tieh does not know what they look like, so they have to hang out in society and try to figure out who they are. Tieh discovered that Snake Hung Ven Tung (Pai Vei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), who is Stonoga, are killing the family to find a map. He found a mysterious man who turned out to be a Scorpio, but he knows he knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Iung Sin (Philip Quok) is investigating the killings along with his partner, Ma Chov (Chien Sun). The son has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is a frog and they know each other's identity. The snake bribes local officials to kill the killings on Li Hoa while in jail is tortured and killed. When the Son finds out that he is joining Tieh and they go together to fight Tung and Kue. This film was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director when it comes to these films. Chiang was not your mung kung-fu director, and his films were of special quality. While most martial arts films deal with vengeance, Chiang did not use it as a central theme. Although there is some revenge that happens later in this story, this film is more complex than that. Five people dressed by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. Then everyone is in the same area and do not know who else is. A very unique story makes this movie different from all the others, and most of the stories from Changes were in the class. I would not just put him in the same league as "Enter the Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a world icon, and the martial arts he exhibited are more authentic. This film still has some impossible ventures such as adhering to the walls and rotating in the air, but this film is not necessarily combat scenes. This is more about the intrigue of the stories and the characters involved. This in itself distinguishes it from other kung-fu movies. Very well made with a unique story.
