This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever, and maybe it's one of the best movies ever ... It has a great action that works like a puzzle, with lots of intrigue and uncertainty. This film is full of games and deceptions of cats and mice, people hide their identity and their nature. The characters in this film live and breathe much more than the average kung fu movies. They are all interesting and attractive, and the film works well to show them scenes to show their personality and desires. It has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so scary to enter the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poison clan each with their own style that mimics the special skill of a toxic animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch, and you can see the techniques they use in training applied during the film ... When this happens, the director uses a quick cut on the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects, and the whole thing really works well. One thing about this film that is very genuine is the way it treats death. Director Chang Chang was obviously concerned that the film will not trivialize death. This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more efficient. We really care when people were killed in this movie. This is because the camera remains at the horror of death even when the bad guys are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are really tedious. When the characters go in search of vengeance, you really feel their anger and pain. At the same time, this is also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. Bad duplication, Characters are ready to fight hat hat. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the behavior of characters is incredibly unrealistic ... all this only contributes to the size of the film. And let's not forget that this director was a visual stylist is much more talented than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie carefully, you will notice that the technical capability on the screen is virtuosic. Everything takes place so quickly (because of the rapid cutting style and fast motion of the camera in the genre) that it's easy to overlook how the movie is truly wonderful. Lighting and composition are sometimes spectacular. Work and movement of the camera are extremely sophisticated along with very interesting rapid editing ... In scenes that show uncertainty and intrigue, imagine Hitchcock moving about twice as fast. Chiang Kai was indeed a master and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within his boundaries. He does not sound like a boat on the kung fu genre, but in a subtle way his skills permeate every scene and every shot and greatly contribute to the quality of work. He is an important director who continues to influence many people. This is the right Kung Fu film package that brings to every level. It's art, it's garbage, it's moving emotionally, and it's fun, it has the true sense of morality, but it does not allow for morality to fit into a way of good action. I recommend to everyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
