When it first came out, this work by the Meisels brothers was much criticized and even estimated as exploitation. Fortunately, it is now praised as a masterpiece of a documentary film, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is to happen to television, and the poor evolution of the most direct cinema. Indeed, in the beginning, we must say that this is not exactly a direct cinema, it's more cinema to believe. The difference between them is very small, but the fact is that in this documentary we have made sense of the presence of the brothers Meisels and they interact with the recorded characters. It's also clear that this is not exploitation. Meisels are allowed in the house, and are included in the very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. Both Edith and Edie adore the idea of ​​filming. It would be very disappointing that only the voice of God narration and shallow interviews were revealed. Here we are given a full portrait of madness in the house, an insanity that seems to fall well with Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, trash and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture throughout the house, and constant fighting that is a constant interaction of reality. These two people lived with each other all their lives, and they do not fight in front of the camera because they want attention, but because they can not help talking to each other this way. They are well known to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. Ultimately, although they blame each other for their lives, they really love each other. Edie says she does not want her mother to die because she loves him very much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave because she does not want to be alone. But the most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of age, two women can not be a girlfriend. They can not be a singer, another dancer. Show all your artistic skills in front of the camera. When Edie rhetorically asks David Meisels "Where were you all my life?" she is really very happy to finally show her own world and her wonderful skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that is unlikely to ever be seen anymore, just as Meiseli and a few others could do it.
