One question that needs to be asked immediately is: Would this film be made that the women in it were not aunt and cousin Jackwelline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis? The answer is: Probably not. /> But, fortunately, they were (or were) a cousin and aunt from Jackie. This Maisles documentary documentary about existence (can hardly be called life) Edith B. Beale, Jr., and her daughter Edith Bouvier Beale (Edie), has the same attraction for the wreck of the train - you do not want to watch, but you have to. Great Edith and Little Edie live in a once magnificent villa in East Hampton, New York, which is slowly falling apart around them. Formerly beautiful gardens are now a jungle. The magnificent oily painting is leaning against the wall (with a cat drop on the floor behind them) and beautiful portraits of them as young women struggling to wall on walls besides For many years now living together, he has broken many barriers between two women, but he raised others. <br /> <br /> Clothes is optional. The only favorite costume is a pair of short trousers with a hose chisel that is drawn over them and pieces of cloth wrapped and stitched around her torso and head. And it really is. There are cases when it is almost luminescent and both women show the beauty that was once there. There is a constant sub-sexual tension. Their eating habits are (be courteous) strange. Ice cream spreads to crackers. Dinner for the Edithin birthday party from the sandwich Vonder Bread, served on fine porcelain with plastic accessories. Time is irrelevant in their world; Edie says, "I have no watches." Their relationships with men are so strange. Edie feels like Edith has hurt any of her attempts. happiness. She says, "If you can not tell a man to suggest to you, you might also be dead." To what Edith says "I will take a dog every day." It is obvious that Edith does not see his role in Edie's lack of male association. Earlier in the film, "France fell, but Edie did not." Sometimes it's hard to hear exactly what is said. "Both women talk simultaneously and constantly contradict each other." /> In the film there is a strange relationship with animals, Edie feeds the rakuns in the attic with Vonder Bread and the cat, and cats (and many of them) are everywhere. /> At one point, Edie declares: "The aristocracy's character is the responsibility." But they seem to be unable to take responsibility for themselves. This is a difficult movie to watch, but it's worth the effort.
