"Cipher" is a smartly conceived story of an industrial spy that was set up in America in a not so distant future. Although the thematic is not complex, this film offers many different views of personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also seeks to present modern corporate groups and companies as indifferent to the risks that their employees in contracts take on their behalf. The film starts with something central paying man, Morgan Sullivan. (Jeremi Northam), who calls the Digicorp group to work as a secret operator. After the first briefing with Digicorp Security Chief, Sullivan gets a new identity (Jack Thursbi) and sends to a business conference with the task of recording speeches by various speakers in relation to the marketing strategies of each of their companies. After successfully completing his first assignment, Sullivan / Thursbi was sent to further missions to receive the same kind of information they had previously collected. However, on one of his "business trips" he accidentally encounters a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu) whom she met on her previous assignment, and hence things become extremely agile. Implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving the Digicorp spyware program is beginning to emerge, and Sullivan is forced to deeply cover one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a dual agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies. > ((SPOILERS END HERE) What I liked most in this movie was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in many scenes. Vivid illumination was used in most households / households, while many shades and dark colors used for settings that include fraud and concealment.I was very impressed with Jeremy Northam.I did not see it too often in the main role, and the fact that he played a disappointed married man straight from Visconsin was brilliant.I personally think he is one from many actors in the industry the trio that did not get more challenging roles, Lucy Liu was also incredible in his work and gave the film the right tone of cloaks and daggers. In addition, the rest of the support did an excellent job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could be researched more so that the plot and closing would be a bit more complicated. For example, I would like to see what would happen to Jack Thursby to develop a more intimate relationship with his other "woman." In sum, this is a smartly developed story about a robe and a dagger that holds to the very end guessing about personal and professional The sausage loyalties and whether anyone in the entire film can be trusted. With a smart and sleek soundtrack and excellent camera work, this movie provides a terrible look at how corporations can work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden gem" before. This is a brilliant, not too complicated spy thriller, and that's why I give it 9 out of 10.
