Although recognized as the best film treatment of the difficulty that a house (or bought) in a country is built (or purchased) according to your specifications, it is not the first nor the last. In 1940, Jack Benni and Ann Sheridan were leading in the film version of GEORGE VASHINGTON SLEPT HERE comedy George S. S. Kaufman and Mossa Harta. And fifteen years ago, Shelley Long and Tom Hanks had a lead in money. The first one was to move to a 18th-century country house that ... is wrong, it should work. The latter is about building your dream home - in the late 1980's. Although two films have their moments, both are not as good as BLANDINGS, which is based on the autobiographical novel of the same name. Jim Blandings and his wife Muriel (Cari Grant and Mirna Loi) noticed the narrow corners of their apartment, which they share with two daughters Joan and Betsy (Sherin Moffett and Connie Marshall). Although Blandings has a good income as an advertising executive (in 1948 he earns $ 15,000 annually, which was as if he earned $ 90,000 today), and lives in a luxury apartment - rented in New York on that day! - He feels he should look for something better. He and Muriel drive to the ground (Connecticut) and soon find an old ruin that they can both imagine as the dream house they want. Both both fall into the hole of financial worms buying land and building can lead to it. First of all, they are so gong about the idea to build this kind of home, but they do not look after the warning after warning their wise, if it's cynical friend and lawyer Bill Cole (Melvin Douglas, in good anchor role). For example, Jim buys land from a seller in Connecticut (Ian Volfe, quietly sheds chips), with check before checking the exact price of land in that part of Connecticut. Bill says he paid five or six thousand dollars for the country more than worth. There are water supply problems that Blandings never thinks about, such as hard and soft water - which leads to the Zis - Zis water softener. They think that the plans that have in mind, and who worked with their architect (Reginald Denni), can not be cheaply discarded at the moment when Muriel decides to make a small noise that nobody planned. Costing a project cost is one thing that burdens Jim. He was named to lead the Vham account ("Spam" became a popular result of World War II, as the public began to use it as a meat substitute in the light of its success with the armed forces). Jim can not cope with it (not alone - one or two other executives have deceived him). He comes with the next piece of "poetry" (?): "This little bitch went to the market, It was pink and beautiful like a ham. How did he give it to the ax - He knew he would end up like "Vham"! "> His secretary looks at him as if he needs a real jacket when he reads it! Jim is also increasingly suspicious of Bill over Muriel, although (in this case) Bill is flawless. But he's always there (Jim constantly forgets that Bill is pure-blooded, and prevents Jim and Muriel from making so many mistakes). All three have accidents, it's best when they lock in a room in a semi-finished house, just like the men left for that day. I can not open the door, and Jim (in panic) tries to break the door from the collar. She breaks the window and the door opens by itself. The film works quite satisfactorily, with all the actors who obviously enjoy it. It's a movie that (despite changing the level of prices and salary levels) really is not old. After all, most Americans dream of having their own home and always have it. Years ago, the coloring company used a wonderful scene with Mirna Loi and Emory Parnell about colors that Parnell has in the company working in different rooms. Carefully shows the different shades of red, blue, etc. She wants - even decent Parnell gives a thread for the real blue shade. Advertisements have suggested that the paint company has a wide range of colors that you can choose for your business. They proudly named Loi "Mrs Blandings" in the introduction to the commercials. Still, you can imagine that non-nonsense Parnell resolves the situation after that, when Loi leaves him with his battle team.
