In fact, it's good that Sean Conneri retreated as James Bond, because I'm sure he could not keep up in today's spy business, where fast cars are replaced by hi-tech brainwashing techniques and are considered to be beautiful women to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cipher" is a pretty inventive sci-fi thriller that often causes a sense of fear and claustrophobia despite being extremely unbelievable. You know the trend in these types of films: nothing is what appears to be, and just when you think of how you imagined a complicated story, writers are trying to insert a new craft that confuses everything. Events in "Cipher" are allegedly taking place in the most prominent regions of the computer world, where large companies do not really do much but try to steal thunderstorms. Digisoft literally consumes millions of people for brainwashing and provides them with a new identity, only to be allowed to infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, Sunvais Corporation. Sunvais, on the other hand, is constantly trying to uncover Digisoft rats and recruiter them again as double-spies. Between this unprofitable business is Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly colorless, thirty-year-old worker whom Sebastian Rooks (uber-spy) chose to stop the secret politics of both companies. Believe me, it's actually less complicated than what sounds and director Vincenzo Natali (a Tube guy) carefully takes his time to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is quite similar to the sadly underrated gem of John Frankenheimer's "Seconds" ?? starring Rock Hudson ?? because it also deals with deleting identity and drastically changing your previous lifestyle. Even sets come from a movie from the '60s, with lots of empty white rooms and gloomy corridors that look endless. There are also many major actions and uncertainties, especially when Morgan is eager to experience how the Digisoft crew reviews the results of its brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the movie is a little pulling, mainly because you already realize that all this is just built on multiple misleading turns, and I was hoping to be a more gloomy picture of the not so distant future. Jeremy Nortam is a perfect actor and the beautiful Lucie Liu is convincingly mysterious as a lesbian who seems to be on his side. The choice of regular director David Hevlett has the most striking support as an unusually eccentric engineer Suvais Virgil C. Dunn. "Cipher" is a well-made and adrenaline-racing Sci-Fi party, it is recommended to people who completely like to use their brain capacities from time to time.
