Cipher is a clever, efficient and dreaded movie that brings. His good premise is well presented and its content is delivered in an efficient way, but in a way that the genre requires. Although the film can immediately be labeled as a science fiction, there is little else to do. It has obvious characteristics of science fiction, but the film looks more like a noir / detective than anything else that actually contributes to the story. The film is generally depicted as some kind of nightmare; so builds and maintains a good atmosphere. We are never sure what exactly is happening, we are never sure why some things that are happening are actually not completely certain of certain people, just like we have a dream? ambiguity rules over all of us ?? the hero is involved and I have not seen this pulled in such a way in the movie earlier, at least Terri Gilliam's Brazil. By acting on the previous gathering, Cipher introduces elements of horror, as well as detective, poetry and science fiction, giving the feeling that there is something for everyone and that it integrates well with its elements. There is also a sense of espionage towards a movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mysterious environment, almost everyone, is disturbing, and I consider the fact that the figure Rite Foster (Liu), which should look like femme fatale, can be seen as less danger than anything that happens around the hero: People who appear as friends actually They are not, people who say they help actually use it, and those who look harmless enough are actually more lethal than they look. In spite of the large number of things that change, turning the plot several times and following the orders that are set up to make them come to the end if they fail; one thing that seems most dangerous is any romantic connection or connection to the character Lucie Liu? and she is trying to help (!) The film retains the feeling that the two sides struggle in the spyware war, spying on and keeping one on their employees and opponents. The whole thing is happening like some sort of mini-cold war; something that resembles the American and American wars in its war, and it's really going on, given the black, dark, often CGI screen that was glued. What was quite interesting and there was a nice added touch was the roadmap that some US states made to remind of computer microchips while our hero flying to and from their specified destinations? Significantly, since it works more on its own and Foster's motivation, this series disappears because it moves away from the computerized, repetitive, controlled life that was told to live and divorce. Cihper is very consistent in its contents and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles Jason Bourne's first film, which is set only in the sci-fi genre, does not reduce it enough, but you can see the similarities; despite being both released the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there is a feeling that there is something in the movie for everyone, and if you can look at the past of a rather disappointing ending that several people can successfully predict, you will find yourself enjoying this movie.
