This is the premier imaginative low-budget Sci-fi movie by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film takes place as a Phillip K Dick cross with Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the movie becomes unique as if you would not see anything. The movie is superbly recorded, I love cinema in this, it feels fresh and original. The film explores similar topics for movies such as Total Recall, Dark Citi and Matrix and its pretty popular Sci-Fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremi Northam) is a suburban who bored his life and decided to hire as a spy company for Digicorp, a major technology corporation. Initially he meets with a recruiting officer who brings Sullivan to the ship and points him to what he has to do. Basically, this involves going to conferences of competing companies and recording them through a satellite transponder device that is pierced in a pen. It also means that he must take on a different personality and keep a secret from his wife. After his first job becomes strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ, and he pains in the neck and headache, as well as nightmares. She meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucie Liu, an intriguing actress). However, when she goes to her next job and sees her again, she finds out that she is an agent who finds out that his job is not exactly what he looks like. He later learned that he and other people attending the conference are working for Digicorp. Conferences are all covers that allow people to wash their brains with their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursbi, was given the counter-attack for Digicorps drug, while other spies at the last conference were stunned by what appears to be a dream that is dead when the speakers sounded (the speakers send it all Suddenly the lights in the rooms are turned off and the workers in Digicorp come in bright lights in all the eyes of the passengers to make sure they are not aware and then in a pretty night situation they set up sets for each member sending head sets. Brain messages and brainwashing by instincts They believe they are somebody else. Digicorp Sullivan now has to pretend he is completely convinced that Jack Thursbi is now. Digicorp wants to steal information from his rival Samwis and want their puppets to do it, now effectively control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samvais gets Sullivan and finds out that his brain is not brainwashed, they decided to use it as a pawn to spy Digicorp, making Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has sent Thursby to get closer to Samvais and to break into the system until it comes into the situation to take important information about the company that could shut down the company. Samvais realizes that he was planted and decided to play along with Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate into their databases, but will give Digicorp a discreet disk that will destroy their system. The plot starts to swing and turn because both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery while trying to figure out why he is helping. When a mysterious third party is involved, a person found to be Foster is doing, Sullivan must decide whether to go with that free agent, who could guarantee his new life and security or stick to one of the companies he works for. The tension builds up to the climax of the stones, as it seems that everyone wants to get rid of it when its usefulness expires. The actors are brilliant. Nortam is excellent and subtlety in its performance is great. He brings an excellent visual aspect of his performance, his eyes tell the story, and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy, and her presence gives great dynamics to the movie, as it seems strange casting, but works because of this fact. The rest of the actors are also good. Natalie's director, whose previous film was a cult classic classic Cube movie, has a true visual charm. And he's making a movie and it gives him a great look. For a budget with a low budget it has some imaginative visual effects and although the CGI is not excellent, it never starts too much of a central part to affect the film negatively. The movie really brings the feelings of Matrix and other great sci-fi movies, it's there with them. The action has almost become too complicated, but in the truth that helps in a movie like this, it's the place where Cronenberg and Lynch's influence is obvious. The film constantly tells you what is happening and is truly surprising. All in all, this is an obvious cult classic and I see it's incredibly popular when it's published in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
