Canadian director Vincenzo Natali took an art-house circle storm with an intriguing and stunning intelligent cube, which is my favorite SF movie of the 90's. She framed the basic idea of ​​a group of foreigners trapped in a maze of giant cubes, shot entirely on one set, and took this idea into fascinating directions. With impatience, I expect Natalie to continue, and although it took five years to join another project, I'm glad to say that it was worth the wait. Cipher is a fascinating study of one man's place in the world, and how through a completely logical chain of events he finds himself in a situation beyond his control. I do not want to reveal too much about this plot, because one of Cipher's joy is the different avenues that bring us down. It's so refreshing in this day and age to see a SF movie that has more than one idea in the head. Cipher is such a movie. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremi Northam), one of the most immediate people who ever walked in the planet, was hired by DigiCorp. They sent him to various parts of the United States to record different seminars. To his confusion, they are incredibly boring. Covering themes as a shaving cream and cheese. While Morgan is waiting for a seminar, he encounters Rita Foster (the flawlessly thrown Luke Liu), the definition of an ice-haired girl. He gives him a brush, but there is something that seems appealing to her. This is not too surprising given the cruel marriage in which it is. When Rita appears on another Morgan seminar, she tells him that his life is not what he looks like. And I'm not saying anything more about the plot. In order to achieve this, the impact of the rest of the film on us, as well as the winding road that is so much fun to follow, would be reduced. Like Cube, Natalie shows a fair amount of talent to capture seemingly ordinary people, pulling them out of the familiar, and basically seeing what happens when they are inserted into the unknown. I Cipher follows similar patterns. But it's not a copy of Cube. He has his own inspiration. Cipher is a film that has more in common with plotting thrillers and paranoid stories. One of the great things about Cipher is the way this topic gets into the story without your knowledge. When Morgan realizes that his fake identity is part of a much larger puzzle, that's just as shocking for us as for him. One thing that distinguishes Cipher from Cube is how much polished it is. Where Cube was limited to a minimalist environment and a small budget with unknowns, Cipher is also in a low budget, but Natalie is economicizing him as much as he can, allowing him to expand the horizon and launch Morgan to an incredible journey through the labyrinth of his own identity. Natalia's direction is remarkable, with a skillful hand on the reins. There are some incredible camera angles from above, such as the huge DigiCorp building as a huge, robust office block in conjunction with the insignificant point that Morgan was standing outside. It seems that all colors are bleeding out of the picture, perfectly complementing the tone of the movie as a modern film-noir. The performance is equally excellent. Jeremy Nortam is a lovely figure from a marriage without love to examine her own identity. Its effect is excellent because it is so modulated. He literally transforms before our eyes. From a clinical, invertebrate to a self-confident man who will do everything to preserve his new identity. David Hevlett welcomed and made such an impact in Cubeu. He lives in a secret silo that seems to have been borrowed from people in black. His scene is one of the best because it is an exercise in carefully calculated uncertainty and paranoia. He is a skilled expert in identifying dual agents, and this is a fantastic piece of writing, which was greatly played by Hevlett. All he has to do is look at Morgan, and we're drawn into his complex game of mind. But that's Lucie Liu, who's the thief here. She too often throws in movies in which her potential is not fully exploited. But in Cipher, she finally got a figure that fit her like a glove. Rita is a reserved femme fatale that Lew adores. Every time I show up, I'm having fun, because it's always under control and can reduce the room to the silence with the power of my ice view of myself. Things come to a very satisfying end, and that does not mean concluding the ambiguous note in the way Cube did. But Morgan deserves his happy ending. After passing through such a sound, I cheered on him for the final scene. It's a perfect final moment because it comes like the sun's air after a gloomy 90 minutes. Cipher succeeds at all points. Attractive, shocking, always funny, that's all that Total Recall wants to be, but it's not. And it comes as a refreshing antidote against the vast and inexplicable Matrix. Good tracking from Natalie. And now I am dedicated to this man's lover. Superb stuff!
