Cipher director Vincenzo Natali is a complex and imaginative thriller that, although it requires a certain suspension of conviction and an abundance of concentration, manages to be a totally entertaining experience. - a spouse with a fierce wife, decides to add a little spice to her existence by getting a job as an industrial spy in Digi Corp. His job is to travel to conferences around the country (assumed by Jack Thursby) and secretly broadcast speeches that were returned to his bosses, via an elegant electronic pen. In reality, however, they only speak of cover for far more sinister activities. Morgan, with his colleagues present in the conference, was brainwashed. Drugged drinking water puts them in a temporary coma, during which they are told to forget their past and permanently adopt their new identities. When they are fully convinced that they are someone else, they were told to apply for jobs in competing companies, where they are able to surrender to corporate espionage without a doubt. intervention by dubious operational-for-hired Rite Foster (Lucie Liu), which opens Morgan's eyes to what's really happening. It gives Morgan an antidote for remedial remedies, so it can resist brainwashing techniques. He also warns that if Digi Corp suspects he does not believe Jack Thursby, he will be "eliminated". Morgan is playing and applying for a job in a rival business Sunvais. However, when he arrives at his new post, the polygraph is tested and immediately spied. Luckily, Sunvais bosses see this as an ideal opportunity to give false information to Digi Corp and Morgan becomes a double agent. From here, things are getting ever more complicated; the plot turns and turns, and the poor old Morgan finally can not trust anyone. In an exciting ending, everything eventually becomes clear (but only if you follow the events very carefully). Director Natalie is reliably engaged in procedures and certainly has great ability to produce a movie that looks elegantly relatively low budget. He manages to get some great performances from his talented actor; Jeremy Northam, especially, is fantastic his portrait in the beginning a bit nervous Morgan played to perfection. His upcoming projects, High Rise and Necropolis.
