This film, funded by Sci-Fi, must be seen. While he has a huge influence from the Manchurian candidate and does not offer anything new or original land wisely; It is managed with the greatest skill that it is fresh and inventive, despite the fact that it is basically a repetition of an earlier film. It's good to know that such films are still being made (even if they do not get wide releases), and Cipher is refreshing for that reason. The action turns and turns, giving it an element of paranoia and serving to keep the audience on the edge of its seat while trying to discover the meaning of Cipher's mystery. The action follows Morgan Sullivan; a man who is bored in a suburban area and decides to be employed in Digicorp, which means that he listens to several rival companies and records them for reasons unknown to him. However, his job is interrupted when he introduces a mysterious young lady known as Rita ... This film contains numerous white backgrounds that give him a very unrealistic edge and fit well with the apocalyptic image of the future. This gives the movie a very strange look that separates it from most other films of the same type, with the only real close cooperation between Kubrick's A Clockvork Orange. The plot is also very efficient and develops a characteristic characteristic of a more modern and exciting development of the plot. You never know where you are with a complication, which serves to make everything more intriguing. The acting is largely good with mostly unknown actors who support this star; Jeremy Northam and Lucie Lui. Nortam looks very much like a part of a quiet and discouraged man at the center of the story, and he is doing well with his role. Lucie Lui is an actress who has a resume that does not exactly fit her talent, but she has a look at her that suits this film. Cipher is far from perfect because some sequences are illogical and sometimes can be inconsistent; but in general, if you want an inventive recent Sci-Fi movie; Cipher is the way to go.
