Is this based on the comic book? Video game? Drawing from 3 years? In this film there is nothing seriously understood; not characters, not dialogue, no plot, no action. Nothing. We have international terrorists / criminals who argue as pre-school children, Stalone's resistance to steel types against icy cold weather, a stupid dialogue that is sometimes almost hilarious, and so on. Even the code name used by bad guys is stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that entertains some uncertainty, good action sequences, and a beautiful snowy mountain atmosphere. Oh, yes: and unintentional humor. The film opens up with some really bad and inconclusive gay scarf among our lucky and happy characters who obviously have a "great" time. Then there comes an unsuccessful-rescuing part that causes sweat, which should cause anyone who has problems with fear of height to draw. And then we have an even worse dialogue, and then something else is big. This is the rhythm of the film in the shortest terms. Stallone's melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet after a long time, so is soap, so cliché, so fake, and so bad that she should ridicule from any self-esteem of the viewer. Shortly after this display of terrible dialing, we are witnessing spectacular and excellent firing. The whole action is a big absurdity, but it's a foolish party at its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the scene of the plane is truly the highlight of the film. After landing, our cyber criminals look for guides and end up with Stallon and Rooker. They send Stalone to bring the first case of money, but somehow do everything to make it harder to reach him; they take away most clothes (so they can freeze) and will not give him the equipment that he needs (so he can fall). WOULD THESE GANGSTERES WISH TO GIVE THAN YOUR GOOD OR DO NOT? Very stupid. Apparently they do not trust Stallone, but they certainly know that they can always send emails using Rooker as hostages. However, our gangsters make Stalone's climax difficult, if there are no logical reasons to show us at least how badly they are - that there would be no doubt. And for those who still doubt evil, bad guys, they pretend, praise and breathe in a really evil way. Are you all convinced? Okay. You better. Otherwise, the writers will throw out the mass executions of twenty school children, only to make sure the bad guys are crystal clear to everyone. How the hell fell into the trap? First, he had to warn MTV about the criminals, and secondly, he certainly heard Stallone and Rooker's voices on wolf-tokies. A whole bunch of idiotic verbal exchanges is maintained, and Lithgov has a dubious honor to get most stupid lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I did not even start to climb on your back." Or, Lithov to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we have only one!" And as far as the Lithg's gang killers are concerned: these guys never want to kill them immediately. They are very creative in that; philosophizing, making them play football with their bodies, and so on. Stallone wrote this thing. I have no idea what drug he was when he did it. I would not like to think that the script is bad because of a low IK.
