Watching Cliffhanger makes me nostalgic for the early nineties, a time when practically every new action movie can be described as "Die Hard in a / on a." Cliffhanger is "Die Hard on a Mountain", and pretty good for what she is. But unlike Passenger 57 and Under Siege, who are decent Die Hard clones under their conditions, Cliffhanger frees the fenced feeling of many action films and encompasses beautiful landscapes that, in their immensity, They threaten to overwhelm and trivialise the conflicts of people struggling and dying among the peaks. Years before other films such as the simple plan and Fargo dramatized crime and murders in snowy locations, director Cliffhanger Rennie Harlin recognized the visual effect of countering brutal violence and gloomy battles for survival against the cold and indifferent natural environment . All this deserves: its intensity allows us to forget the skill of the camera and the actors and we simply believe that what we see is actually happening. Even Harlin's footage of a drop-stuffed animal, which is highly effective, but still threatens to become a big joke (and repeated it in Deep Blue Sea), or a funny expression on Ralph Wight's face, can dim the power of the sequence. The next impressive setting is a pistol and a robbery on a plane. As Stallone and Michael France wrote and directed Harlin, the audience entered the action by not knowing at first what the agents were involved in theft and who were not: the bloody double crosses were unexpected. As Roger Ebert noticed, the stuntman who made the transfer between the air between the aircraft deserves special recognition. Later, during a series of avalanches, one of the terrorists / thieves seems to actually fall as a snow wall carries him down the mountain. As far as I know, nobody was killed in filming this movie (a little wonder, given the extreme nature of some of them), so it is obvious that the doll is used for shooting. But the image remains impressive because we wondered how Harlin (or probably one of the directors of the other unit) knew exactly where to place the camera. I will take Sli Stallone as my action hero any day of the week because he is one of several movie stars I've ever seen that is completely convincing as someone who can withstand a lot of physical and emotional pain, and at the same time he feels that pain. The role of Gabe Valker really complements Stallone's acting forces: he plays an older, more vulnerable type of action hero, giving an impressively low performance as a mountain rescuer who needs to be redeemed. Unlike many of today's post-Matrix action heroes inspired comics, Stallone Walker is an ordinary man who becomes a hero without paranormal or computer-enhanced abilities. In Cliffhanger, the hero is almost freezing to death, and his clothes begin to show big tears because he barely escapes from one dangerous situation for another. He breaks out when he hits and bleeds when he is cut, especially in the sequence of the cavern when he takes Rocki's style from one of the bad dogs of a crazy dog. It should be noted that extremely repulsive villains really contribute to the effectiveness of the film: when I first saw this movie as a teenager, I cheered on the good guys at every turn and predicted if another bad guy bit the dust (or rather , ice); At one point, I really greeted one of the coldest blood figures in the movie deservedly suffered a violent death. Lithuanian British emphasis is inconceivable as an occasional aircraft model or model of a helicopter, but he is basically a good actor, and one of the few who can perfectly recite a stupid dialogue: in one scene, watching his hostages Stalone and Rooker , trying to decide what tasks to give them, he actually says, "You, stay! You, get it!" Even a better actor, such as Anthony Hopkins, may have had problems with that line. Even if Cliffhanger occasionally rejects credibility, it only makes for a more entertaining show. Early in the film, for example, Lithgow openly tells one of his men: "Stallone [pull down] when he descends." No real criminal master would make this mistake even unconscious: his carelessness allows Rooker to warn Slia on the rock, and this speeds up the fierce move between Stallone and the bad guys who are trying to pull the Rope against his leg. Lithgov could give his order a subtle means, but the order may not have been so much fun to watch that he did not give Rooker a chance to openly defeat the arrogance of his prisoners. It was done in a large series of Saturday Matinees or (sometimes) Western, the Cliffhanger was built on such a firm basis to survive some of the weak elements that would </ i> </ i> </ br>> Apart from the painful model aircraft that are mentioned Previously, the weak moments include several scenes recorded on cheap closed sets with REAL false fake, as well as two other scenes that include blind mice and wolves that look unnecessary in a stuffed story. Finally, Harlin's decision to capture some of the scenes of death in slow motion seems meaningless, as the technique does not contribute to the scenes. It's a pity that Stallone is now too old for action movies, because his character in this movie seems so credible that I inevitably wonder how it will be like a year later. But it may be best for Cliffhanger to stand alone all the time without continuing: there are already tired and outdated movie franchises. There was an unofficial extension called the Vertical Limit: in comparison with these clinkers, Cliffhanger is in the Top 250 list of IMDb. Rating: 8 (Very good, especially considering most other Stallone movies.)
