Four prisoners share one cell: the dominant transvestite, Marcus (Clovis Cornillac); Marcus's idiot savant friend, Pakuerette (Dimitri Rataud), who will eat everything in sight, including pocket watches, cockroaches and his little sister; Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), an intelligent librarian who killed his wife; and Carrere (Gerald Laroche), a new guy who was involved in corporate fraud and is now focused on escaping. After the brick falls from the cell wall, men uncover a hidden diary written by the serial killer "The Fountain of Youth" that took the cell of the 1920s. Is this diary the secret of their escape? Or is there something much more sinister behind it? I was a little tired of getting into this movie because the only experience I have with Eric Valette was horrible One Missed Call (2008), which I consider to be the worst theatrical release movie I've ever had video. However, much that was wrong with one missed call could probably be attributed to the horrible scenario of the Klavana because (as I recall) Valetine direction was not the worst part of the movie (unless it chose to include the baby). In any case, Malefikue was a good way to pay my respects. . . it's a French film (obviously something I like) and it's going on in prison (which is my second favorite horror setting after the asylum). That's two points for him before the movie starts. Fortunately, Valetta had me when the film was over. Malefic is a rather deep, rather complex, rather convincing story of obsession and despair. . . desire and need to bring fantasy into reality. Although this is not a frightening film in the traditional sense, the oddity of his power makes him quite scary. The period between climax and conclusion was one of the best films I had seen for some time and would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who wants a decent psychological thriller with some pretty cool mountains. Final judgment: 8.5 / 10. Very little respect Valetta earned. Note: Paramount took the right to make the American remake (surprise surprise). I do not know why, to be honest, it does not look like something that could be a great reporter here in the states. But I was already surprised. Vive La France! -AP3-
