In the past few years, French horror cinema has experienced some resurgence with major films such as Inside and Svitchblade Romance that appear on the scene. Maleficie has just slightly pre-emptied the revival, but stands above all modern horror titles and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever recorded! Maleficie is obviously shot at a low budget, but this has been compensated for by many more ways than the originality of the film, and this is praised by excellent writing and acting to ensure that the film is a winner. The action focuses on two main ideas; jail and black magic. The main character is a man named Carrera, sent to jail for fraud. He was placed in a cell with three more; quietly mad Lassalle, the transvestite body Marcus and his retarded Daisi girl. After a short time in the cell together, they stumble upon a hiding place in the wall containing the old diary. After translating a part of it, they soon realize its magical powers and realize that they could use it to break through the walls of the prison. Black magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite interesting. I am surprised that there are no more films based on it, as there is so much space for things that can be done with it. It can be said that Malefikue does the best of his means, despite the limitations, the film actually does not feel restrained and manages to pass well. Director Eric Valette provides a great atmosphere for the film; The fact that most of it takes place in the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and it is immensely beneficial to the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to get out of the cell - it's very easy to get out of them! Often it is said that the unknown is a thing that really scares people, and this film proves that, as the director, we can never be sure of exactly what is around the corner, which helps to ensure that Maleficius really succeeds. pretty scary! The film is remembered for many reasons outside the central action; The characters are very interesting in their own way, and the fact that the book itself is almost of its character is very well made. Anyone who is worried that the film will not deliver to the end will not be disappointed either because the ending of both makes sense and manages to be pretty scary! All in all, Malefikue is truly a great horor movie and one of the best in a decade - A BIG REQUESTED WATCH!
