This film focuses on four criminals locked in prison who want to escape from the cell, hoping that the mysterious black magic book, written by a former prisoner around 1920, pronounced Danvers who wanted to use the spell to keep the skin young. Carrere's (Gerald Laroche) criminal business tactics (shortcuts) brought him to jail with three unusual cells - transsexual brutal Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus's mistress Pakuerette (Dimitri Rataud) eating the objects he touched (..and is in prison for eating a six-month-old sister) and obeys his accusation that he is his "mother", and the scientist Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or eat breakfast (the last is that he killed his wife at that time of day). The film follows Carrera while reading from the book, trying to grasp the meaning in the hope of finding a way out of his prison. Carrere likes her child and for a while believes that his wife will early get him out of the bail. When he issues him, Carrera starts slowly warming himself with hatred and longing to see and keep his beloved son. Karrer's heaviest critic is Marcus, who craves to be completely feminine, while still clinging to several male characteristics, such as work and leakage. He speaks sharply and uses his muscles as a kind of tactics of fear, although he is deeply rooted in the world of vulnerability. Pakuerette is completely under Marcus's control and behaves like a dog master .. there is even an alarming scene in which Pakuerette comes from Marcus! Lassalle is an inexplicable mystery, it opens to us slowly to understand his hidden motives and what is inside his possible malignant brain. Apparently intellectually, and keeping secrets from others, Lassalle is actually the one who maintains the motivation to follow secret books. Soon, those who are not threatening the book are looking for their "genuine" escape, not so much from the cell of the four walls, but from the cell that closes their real desires. After a certain murder, the book was thrown out of a room with a very fascinating figure that entered the movie with a camcorder as if it were a new user ... who is that person and how does he understand the power of the book that is being thrown away, and better yet, how to use it? The constant in this film is each of the prisoners who are often seen through their window into a world that is out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad that I had the opportunity to watch this movie. It plays as a "monkey pawn", characters get what they want, but the price must be met. The film has horrible, stunning moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is above all the story of the story. Blood is the product of what the book releases. One of the members of the group extricates his limbs while suspended in the air, while the awfully open work shows the bloodshed left after the desire of one man. We see Danver's fate in the end, with a magnificent sequence of special effects in relation to the melting child. Lassalle's fate is a masterful sequence of effects. I will say that Malefikue, through the well-designed direction of Eric Valette, has always kept my attention, and because it was such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a unique place, a prison cell) expensive. I suppose it is evidence of interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention the tempting story that uses them supernatural.
