Good horror films from France are quite rare, and it's pretty easy to see why! Whenever a talented young director issues a stunning new film, he emigrates to Hollywood immediately after directing the big budget remake of another great movie classics! How can France build a solid reputation of horror when their sorcerers leave the country after only one movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic film and directed by Alekandre Aja (one-way?) A map for countries to remake "The Hills Have Eies" (which he did terribly, I can add). The debut feature debut of Eric Malette was a very promising and interesting image of horror, and he had already gone to Hollywood to direct the remake of Mike's ghost talk "One Missed Call". So, you have it, two very talented Frenchmen who will soon have no more movie in their country. "Malefikue" is a simple but effective cooling that requires a bit of patience for a slow start, but when the plot develops properly, offering great atmospheric tension and a handful of amazing special effects. The film almost completely takes place in one location and introduces only four characters. We are in a furious French prison cell with four passengers. The new arrival is a businessman sentenced in time for fraud, older and "wise" prisoners sadistically kill his wife, and there is also a crazy transvestite and mentally handicapped boy to end a strange quadruple. They found an ancient diary in the wall of his cell, belonging to a sick 1920s killer who specializes in black magic rituals and supernatural ways to escape. Four prisoners begin to prepare your escape plan using the bizarre formula in the book, only to realize that the occult is something you should not be messing? Eric Valette devotes ocean weather character sketches of the four protagonists, which sometimes results in unnecessary and lengthy sub-assemblies, but his reasons for this become clear in a terrible peak when a book suddenly turns out to be some kind of Vishmastera devices. "Malefikue" is a dark film, with trucks of claustrophobic tension and some twisted details about human behavior. Watch before a wealthy American production company decides to transform it into four handsome teenage actors in the unbelievable role of hardcore criminals.
