Malefic is a very interesting movie. This is a frivolous legend of triumph and failure. The central concept is excellent, three prisoners with bizarre characters join the fourth (with which the audience identifies) and try to escape from their cell using a magic book found inside the cell walls. The atmosphere is well woven, it reminds me of reading about Edmond Dantes's stay in prison (before he became Count Monte Cristo). The director gives the feeling that the characters are related to the cell, especially the character with which we need to identify (Carrere - a criminal in white rags whose crime is not specified, but suggests that it could be scams). On one occasion, Carrera dithers leaves the cell for exercise and closes the cell door; we never leave the cell, claustrophobia is unbroken. There are no images of prison outside of the cell, and the view through the bars is a longing for the sunset over the generic prison wall. Although the film appears to be very modern, it has a sense of imprisonment in the old world. The characters are intriguing. We have Marcus, a violent pre-op transsexual who plays the offending mother Pakeret (French for Daisy), a very retarded young man. Pakerette likes to eat everything he finds, and unfortunately it also included his baby sister, hence his current state (I like this comment on internalization, very rude). Lasalle is withdrawn, obsessed with the old man, for the brutal murder of his wife. The central message of the film is that your wishes will be destroyed, and there is a ritual. I think it disturbs me the most, watching people ritually ruin. He has a real life ring. A fairly simple sound surface supports it well, every step deeper into the living sand is followed by a dull bell gong. Now I hear gong every time I do something self-destructive. I think that one of the complicated problems is that the characters' characters do not amplify the message, especially with Carrera, also, the concept of the book changes throughout the film, not in terms of one consecutive discovery. I also think that some of the pictures we see are a little amateur, more design than executive, such as the famous "vaginal eye", and sodomy Lasalle, for me, completely hollow images. Finally, the movie feels like the director is in a hurry to finish it, and some things do not look logical, for example, we were clumsily led to believe in different things about Carrer's child. This does not change the fact that what we have here is a rare bird, a "pure" horror movie. There is no comedy comedy or genre, such as Cube (1997 / Natalie), an obvious film to compare, it's a total dive experience where you feel like you're in a cell with characters. This last comment, which I say is a "pure" experience, I think that something was also mentioned by others, so this is quite unanimous. On a personal basis, my favorite part of the movie is when Lasalle talks about her past as a librarian. He very well describes a scene in which one day he goes to work and sits on his usual place in the center of the room where all the books are circled around him. It seems that the books mantraed that they would never keep their knowledge. That led Lasalle to go crazy. It's really a problem with obsession with understanding and knowledge. That's something I felt. Another last comment is that two pretty well received comments on the board confused the names of the characters. To make sure Lasalle is an older librarian, simply click on the page of Philippe Laudenbach and you will see that he was born in 1936.
