If you are one of those who are pleased to recognize mysterious titles such as 'Book of the Dead', 'Eibona Book' or 'Necronomicon', then you need to feel at home with Malefikue, a film that also contains an occult book. who has the power to change the fate of all involved. Detected by four French prisoners who shared the cell, the frightening object was set in the wall by Danvers, a serial killer from the captivity of the twenties of the last century; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and black arts before he suddenly disappeared. The founders of this book are Carrere (Gerald Laroche), a company that bought her wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who aspires to be a woman, but at the same time builds her body to run a flight to half-pierter (Dimitri Rataud). who once ate his baby and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), apparently crazy, reading who killed his wife. Recalling the viewer of an equally bizarre male male at the club of fighters (1999), Lassalle began as a dominant member of the quartet, which is especially the protector of infantile Pakurette. With the arrival of the book, however, and the overwhelming need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus assumes an increasing and greater significance. At first safe in early bail, Carrere in the meantime takes a little more than academic interest in the events. Suddenly, he needs an emergency escape option, while the prisoners are experimenting, Danvers' book begins to discover some of its scary powers ... It is mostly carried out inside a prison cell, and between four or five characters, Malefic has a claustrophobic air that is fully adapted to its subject (as well as the limited budget of the author). Only at the beginning, and then finally, we can leave the boundaries of the cell, which is a necessary opening, which only emphasizes the condemned, closed nature of the procedure in other places. Most of all, this is a film about whether you are captured, or as a victim of your criminal past or occult events that are taking place now. "I'll run away," says Carrera at the beginning of the film, seeking more than anything to rejoin her wife and son. Whether it will do it or not, it will be at a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the final form of "escape" may not be the one that a person can imagine. With all of his budget limitations, he is largely the merit of the director Eric Vallette who first plays his film as well as he does. As critics have noticed, it is a film with a strong Freudian tone - Lassalle's recognizable mammals and, for example, adult breastfeeding; a picture of a vagina that revives and develops around; an adult who dissolves back to the fetus; Danvers original placental fetish; a dark cell as a primitive uterus from which 'delivery' is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the script, Vallette barely made a mistake, and managed to create a truly disturbing atmosphere from what, when it comes down to it, it's just a matter of four guys, four beds, one foldable table and a book. There is genuine, growing, loveful love, while men give unnamed darkness from their pages, while one or two moments - the aforementioned blinking vagina, or what happened in the end with Pakerette - are disturbingly memorable. Walking on many dark events in Malefikue is deliberately discarding the rapid cutting of many Hollywood productions: access to a video culture that often undermines the horrific view in favor of quick action and worse. Perhaps this is a particularly European way, as it resembles a similar, measured approach to the shocking hallucination recorded in films such as Verhoeven's Fourth Man (1983) - a film that, incidentally, also shares a particularly nasty picture based on the prolapsed eye. Lensed vell and 1.85: 1, Malefikue has excellent performance and, if at least for this viewer, the conclusion was not as understandable as it could have been, the way to the final shot was worth taking. Shortly after the release of a similar well-received Haute Tension (aka: Swatchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films are coming out of the French industry, after some time the only worthwhile product came from Asia
