The influence of Hartley Hall on Adrienne Shelley "I'll take you" is not obvious, but obviously it has to do with his work (Sheley acted in two Hartley's films). Not only does her movie show a very narrow story, but hyper-stylized and extreme characters strangely give human emotions in the right light. Although this film is not ironic at all (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that pass the piece allude to the bitter truths of love and loss. With beautiful cinema and soundtrack from the seventies, "See you there" is a great indie-movie that does not go down to postmodern irony when dealing with the problems of love and the reality of human emotions. The film begins with Bill's life falling to pieces. Not only did he sell his best friend Rae to a beautiful country house, but his wife, Rose, left him to join Rai in retirement. Everything is washed away, Bill returns in his suspicion and collapses while his sister Luci (starring Adrienne Shelley) does not bring any surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for her traumatized brother. An unwilling Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no choice. There is no doubt that Bernic's original superficial behavior and a funny hairstyle stripped him of his ability to "repel" her. However, her pseudo-hippie qualities are so troubling him to shake him at the first meeting. And Bernice is so traumatized by her terrible remarks that she ties him, forcing him. For what purpose, we are not aware ... except perhaps the fact that she is a psychopath. (And who better play Psyche than Alli Sheedi?) Conscious that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice is offering her a car, but on the condition that she first takes it somewhere. On the way, she continues to hold Bill's prisoner with her pistol (Pinkerton's detective, no less). He was brutal, angry, redemption, passion and violence, as Bill and Bernice found themselves on their way to Ray and Rose's house ... of course, with a few stops on the road.
