I was not born up to 4 years after this wonderful show, but luckily I managed to catch replay in the mid 90's, and the rest is history ... I was hooked. The premise was fairly simple; two hardened Nemesis agents, Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling (Villiam Gaunt and Stuart Damon), associate with a professional (if not young) doctor and biologist (Sharron Macreadi) to walk behind the bamboo curtain to get a dangerous biological agent out of use red china. While fleeing, their plane is hit by a machine gun fire and they are broken down in the heart of the Himalayas, where their lives are saved by a mysterious and previously undiscovered civilization that treats and improves the senses of trio, setting the scene for many exciting adventures coming ... The series lasted 30-hour episodes and I guess it was his relatively short, one season ride that set him up for the cult status. Monti Berman, the producer, was notorious for making things as cheap as possible, and sometimes the performance suffered from incredibly sticky sets - especially in episodes such as "Happening" (a studio that replaced the Australian wilderness ) and Snow Free "Operation Deep Freeze" and "The Beginning", but if you can go through this and focus on characters and stories, the show was really fun. He had a great mix of adventure, and a lot of fuzzy humor (mostly from some great lines from Villiay Gaunt). Chemistry from the three leaders was fantastic - you get the feeling that they were really having fun in the show, and this was confirmed in a reunion documentary in 2005, when three people reunited after more than 35 years to remember the performances (and laughed at the terrible wig Anthonia Nichollsa !!). Everyone had the same time on the screen and everyone had their moments to shine. I must say, I was always a fan of Richard Barrett - I loved his sardonic humor along with that dangerous edge - he must have been a man you did not cross, and those eyes ... he would probably have seen on TV. Since then I've followed Bill Gaunts' career. However, Craig Stirling would surely have a legion of women's fans and I'm sure that Alekandra Bastedo had a whole line of male fans who were climbing onto her. The emission also had a host of visiting stars to attract attention. including Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Brett, Peter Weigard, Bert Kwuck, Anton Roger, Kate O'Mara, Jenny Linden, Paul Eddington, and Colin Blakley. Significant episodes for me were: "Auto Kill", "Examination", "Fanatic", "Mission" and "Gilded Cage", but I'm sure everyone has their own personal favorites. If you get the chance to watch this show for the first time, or to look at it again after many years, do not forget to watch it in the context of the time it was made and just sit and enjoy - characters and chemistry from three Water is what made this beautiful performance for me, and I do not think I'll ever get tired. Enjoy!
