"Maleficus" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective only with a well-performed action and a lot of hearts. His acting does not have distinctive names, he does not have a big budget and he certainly misses the aspect of visual effects; but it compensates for all this with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective acting team and a director's vision focuses more on the story than on delivering cheap excitement. Eric Valette may not yet be a well-known name, but with "Malefikue", his feature-length debut, he proves that he is at the level of contemporaries such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. The film is a story about four prisoners in the cell, four different men with different backgrounds, but with one single goal: to get out. Carrere (Gerald Laroche) was jailed after being found guilty of fraud by millions of people; his relatives, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally disturbed Pakeret (Dimitri Rataud), are all convicted of murder and give Carrere a cold welcome. Their personalities will clash as Carrere discovers an ancient book that describes in detail how a former prisoner escaped using black magic. very reminiscent of the stories of Clive Barker. The strongest point of the film is the way in which it builds characters, they all have very complex and different personalities, and a lot of tension and uncertainty comes from their constant conflict of personality. The supernatural element of the story is very well processed and gives the film a sense of reading a Gothic novel. Despite the fact that the film about four men locked in a room, the film never becomes boring and tedious and in fact the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia, and especially paranoia. Director Erik Valet has largely used the atmosphere, mood and his role to revive the plot. Despite the apparent lack of budget, he has made a brilliant film that feels genuine, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and efficient camera shooting helps make the movie dynamic despite its unique location, and the slow pace of the movie takes place greatly to create a tough atmosphere of isolation and distrust of the film. A very small number of special effects are very well made, and Valette manages the amount of quality in several brilliant scenes above. Characters are what this film does, and the actors definitely deserve some credit. Gerald Laroche is as good as Carrere, a man at first glance innocent, but hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, Clovis Cornillac, who, with his performance as Marcus, steals an act, a violent and upset man who deeply wants to be himself. The characters are superbly developed, and actors make the most of them. The film is incredible, but not without participation. Of course, the most notorious is his low-budget. Some of the CGI effects are a bit poor compared to effective makeup and prosthetics used in other scenes, however, it is never bad for her. Probably the bad thing about "Maleficus" is that it seems to lose a little money by the end when it focuses on supernatural black magic, not on characters, not too bad things, but the end may look weak from that point <br /> <br /> In any case, "Malefikue" is another of those great horror films that are coming out of France lately and who deserves more recognition. Valette is definitely a talent to be watched because this modest (though complex) story of supernatural has proven enough of his abilities. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
