Apart from several titles and a new film by Sherlock Holmes, I think I've watched every film directed by Gui Ritchie. Twice. Needless to say I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the prominent reasons why. This film is a completely different approach from Ritchie when you watch it in relation to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. The Revolver sets us up for a kind of psychological thriller, because gambling is at the mercy of the set of enemies that he did not expect and a redemption walk that he did not know he needed. Together with Andre Benjamin of OutCast fame, he acts as an actor, while others feature prominent Rai Liotta performances by maniacal Mr. D / Mach, and Mark Strong plays Sorter, a hitman. After being sent in jail by the casino owner, Macha, Jake uses his time in solitary confinement to fine the plot to humiliate Mach and force his hand to compensate him for the seven years he spent. When he won the card game and collected a decent sum from Mach, Jake found himself on the verge of death as he collapsed and diagnosed the incurable disease that left him three days of life. The loan team, however, has a reply to him and a ticket for life - only if he gives them all the money he has and who pulls to work for them, all in the craft to take Machu and show Jake how dangerous. he became himself. In addition to having a mortal loose and a couple of borrowers who had a day out on the ground with his money, Jake also had to face the fact that he had a hit on him, introducing Sortera - a hit man under Machin's job. The depth of the story is when Jake realizes that some co-convicts with whom he spent time in solitary confinement is very well-to be a shark-lending team to take it for everything he has, making all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to find his way into. However, when faced with this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how much he has become distorted from being in solitary confinement, and then only the society of his mind and his ego makes their real existence even Jake's invention and Jake \ t. The film reveals a humiliating process both for Jake and Mach, as both face their inner demons. The style of the film is superb, as you have gained a fierce sense of the criminal world. and the characters that it contains. Although Ritchie's previous films have a lot of nodding, he still has his presence in dialogue, set-up and experimental recording of the gangster genre. It is also a great journey for humility and recognition when you can easily allow your ego or predefined term to mask the ability to achieve what you want or to overcome what is needed. The characters are well made in this film with all the pages that are presented and, according to Ritchie's mode, they are all linked by some kind of bogey that throws the key in everyone's affairs. I might want to continue with this film and its unique shades, but I do not want to take too much of it if you have not seen it yet. It may take a few sessions that will go through all the complex layers, but it's a great movie and you need to see it. If you're lucky and have not seen a relaxed US version, make sure you can get the original version in the UK, because this will be a great discussion among friends while you try to enter the puzzles. I saw this with my crew around early 2006 and we're still talking about it with the little things we've picked up today. He got his cult status, and deservedly got a movie in which Ritchie came out of the box and broke the norm. Outstanding line: "Be afraid or respect me, but please, think that I am special. We share dependence.
