OK ... this film has been subjected to criticism and posters so far (although playing a devil's advocate may suggest that critics are often people who did not do it for themselves as filmmakers, and posters are often people who did not do it for themselves as critics ) so I wanted to sit in the Gui's corner with a magic sponge that I might come to maybe a couple of people who decided not to watch a movie based on what it looks like everyone looks down their common nose of approval. The biggest lack of film in support is unexpectedly complex. This has been described many times as if the film is "unavailable" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively non-linear, and the characters are used not only as a means of telling, but also as a means of showing subtle (or not so subtle) indications of the bias that we give as we put them in memory, The character Rai Liotte, who waved his pistol by saying the words "fear me", is portrayed as tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) or questioning and bold (from Liotta POV). This is just one example of Ricky's far-reaching approach to filming the film with Revolver, we have a story that is rather archetypal (a powerful but silent anti-hero is released from prison with a result that will be solved but gets draft unintentionally in the world corruption ... I think this is a picture of the noir numbers here, guys, until the vague poetic choice of diction and persistent voice, but then Gui took this frame to make a few extraordinary philosophical and complex points. Take scene where character Jason Statham faces a car This order of throwing could have been broadcast from the film and had no difference in the story ... but Ritchy points out how such small coincidences as receiving a phone call can make a difference between life and death. So , the final act of the movie is pretty suspicious, I would take p * ss if I said I had not spent the last 20 minutes or so the film turned to my date "uh" ... vtf? "... but that's the worst reason to be neglecting the artwork. It's too easy to dislike something because it's hard for you to understand. And it's even easier to say "it's good that no one else has understood it, so it has to be a real movie!". In my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature piece of modern art that needs to be greeted in the same way that we would give Saatchi brothers work. If we choose this opportunity to collectively say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie about the burden of bleeding" of the cockney gangster in-thread loll ... Gui Ritchie is sucking! "then the day will come when filmmakers will be allowed to do what is expected of shallow, shabby people. Just because Gui made a name for himself with a ridiculous, cocky romp, does not mean that it can not be deep without a" pretentious " Funny people can also be careful.
