I recommend families if possible, to show it only to older children. Some things in this movie may be too disturbing for the kids to wear. Now that's out of the way, let me explain this film. A documentary about a man's fox, which initially protects its territory and looks for a partner. Getting started with a beautiful sunrise and musical score is taking breath. ugly later. They gave fox and fox names, but I can not remember what they are for me. He fights against this attacking man to win her love. They later create a lair and a fox is born four wonderful cubs, one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments in which a fox appears, but tragedy and bad luck hit prematurely. The first victim is a blind puppy, who is getting too close. The other victim is the mother who, while stealing chickens, deceived the dead Chicken hanging in the floor. Not knowing she's walking in the trap for the feet. While trying to escape, she discovers part of her leg, causing her to bleed to death. The man is now a dad, forced to take over the scroll of Mom and Dad. He himself has to teach them the skills they need to live. Later, it turns out that it's not enough, when two of the now-grown puppies find themselves in the ugly fate of their own; thanks to the negligence and cruelty of man. I will not spoil the surprising end for you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs on his tail. And it was a deserved ending after what the audience and fox were the family. I wanted to say that I saw this when it first came out in the early 1980s, when we had something called Shovbiz cable. I only had 4 when I saw it, but I could never understand why I did not allow it. I see it all that. Now I know why, after I watched him secretly when he came to Disney, when I was 9. I felt emotionally thrown out after I saw this evil happening. It was, serves the purpose. To allow people to do what is happening to these and other animal species, and why they are endangered. This documentary wanted to convey a message about this endangered species, and I was hoping to succeed. such as Disney's natural life movies, they do not learn why animals are extinct. From the foxes the main prey, and the meaningless killing of these wonderful animals, have led them to become vulnerable. I want them to continue this film, (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. deal with the fox puppy named Teresa and his brothers and sisters who are growing. This film also somehow reflects what happens to human families sometimes, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. Important lessons from life. It is not always enough to protect them when they are grown, especially when some of their lives become destroyed. Or they become victims of tragedy.
