Life will not be bad for Harry Mitchell, he was a former soldier (plus a small retired), who earns cash for patent developed by (joining titanium and steel explosive process, creating a super metal for NASA)), and his wife of twenty years she stayed in a pretty good nickname. It has a nice little backing in LA. I like to see visions of consumer sleep 80, and you get a good part here, what with the renewed silver Yaga (Series 1 E-type roadster) for him, and a beautiful house of old dolls for her (and I'm sure that other small items and toys for boys. there must always be more, but there? Harri let off with some romantic wanderers (you're just as old as the woman you feel). As in many other films noir, one mistake in an otherwise carefree life, leading to Arches for Harry. Three leeches of blackmailers on it. These are values ​​for me, the great actor and actors who play very convincing roles Bobbi Shi (played by Clarence Villiams III) is a black eccentric who is capable of performing incredible psychopathic actions to escape jail and punish duplicates. He resembles Pluto, a wicked black ecco psychopath from the good famous neo-noir Karl Franklin "One Fake Movement" (1992). I believe there is a similar motivation motive. Both men had enough men, and almost everyone, in extremes. Robert Trebor starring Lea Franks, thick lisičastu Pansy leading nudist hall where gentlemen can take pictures of naked models at $ 25 for a half hour, and $ 50 for an hour (if someone else has refused to discount?). It's too much in the head, and it's great to watch Trebor how it works when Leo starts to feel the heat, a convincing breakdown. John Glover wins as Alan Raimi, a brainwalker, is actually a brilliant man who becomes a pornographic and turns into a criminal life from a pure sociopathic swing. He is a sex sadist and makes several particularly unpleasant things during the film, including what I think is a fairly well-implied rape (pay attention to reading RAP lists, it is easily missed and read between rows for a motel scene) Slim.) < br /> <br /> Together with "One false movement", though not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film on an unusually communicative scene of violence. <br /> <br /> so far so good but I think there is a real problem Harry Mitchell at one point says he has his "mum." in the beard. "My problem is that Harry Mitchell plays Roi Scheider. Opponents of Roy Schaider never lose, they are safe in themselves and smoothly, but not in a boring way. I feel they ask me to believe that his character is in danger, the film relies on it for dramatic tension, but I did not believe it. For me it's as if I'm asked to believe that the character of Sandra Bullock end up sleeping alone until the end of the romantic drama, or if the character Steven Seale to be shot down by bad people (what actually happened in one movie, but it was done intentionally for the value of the shock). Roi Scheider does not even act as an adulterer, you do not feel any disturbance with him, his character is covered with Teflon. He also felt like a movie that took some cuts. For 110 minutes she still feels insufficiently developed: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is largely a steam carton, an extension of Harry, her story as a politician running for office gets little attention. The effect that this affair has on Harry's marriage has not been properly communicated. This could be a problem with Frankenheimer, he is not known for character development. I never felt Harry deal with something more than an openly boring and wrong tax requirement from the tax administration. In this film there are good, powerful, violent contents of the night, but I think it is in a great bracket that the Harry casting could have been better (without disrespecting the great Roia Scheider). The film was short, even with long working hours, and I think it might be necessary a little more exhaustion. But you really can not forget the hate, like Harry's perverse perverse scene that takes Doreen to the showroom.
