Spoilers! From the moment I saw a local film critic in a news story at 10:00 am, I wanted to see him. I do not remember who it was, or which local news Omaha made a review, but the critic was very persistent that this film was too weak for an average Nebraska. They showed a clip from where John Glover would take Ann-Margret when swimming in the pool. Glover's character boasts that her body is beautiful and so on, using many of the words that the local cell considered necessary to modify. I was hired. Still, there was one problem. At that time, I was only 13 years old and had to wait a year until he appeared on the cable. Let's just say, it was worth the wait! If there ever was my pleasure, this movie is it. Calling this movie sleigh would be a huge underestimation. The film focuses on a successful businessman who is blackmailed by three small bumps after an affair with a young woman. Roi Scheider, who is as effective as ever, plays a poor guy who only wants some flying and is now at the mercy of three great villains. The character of John Glover is one of the most memorable scumbags of all time. He's bad, sometimes funny, and always on the brink to do something crazy. Then Robert Trebor (a nice name, by the way!) Lik Leo who is obviously in his head with this blackmail scheme. He's a whimper, sweating, a coward, who runs a peep shov site with live naked models. Then, you have Clarence Villiams III as Bobbi Shi, a mysterious sociopath who is all afraid of a good cause. Who could forget the awakening that gives Vanity a huge bear? After dealing with the first shock when he realized what he was opposed to, Scheider turned the tables on those assholes and took control of the situation, that is, until Glover went to his wife! The conflict takes place brutally, with almost complete throwing, rape, or blowing up in the air. I do not know why I love this movie so much. He should really get me out, but no. Perhaps this is because all of these characters are interesting, and the story takes many opportunities that most films would not try today. It's terrifying to think that the adult film industry probably has more than a few characters like Glover running in LA. looking for trouble. Thinking about his voice is enough to make me laugh. "Hey sport, have a nice day!" This film has a lot of shots, cool cars, great dialogue (as well as lines in my opening statement), and decent acting. A lot of cosmetic stars from real life. Look for Ron Jeremy pulling in a hot tub with two chicks on the Glover scene. Another thing I need to add: How many women in this movie are hot? Wow! Travolta got married to Kelly Preston. Ium! We also see Vanity getting naked in time before she became a born again Christian. And Ann-Margret. What else can you say about her, except that she is an essential American beauty. 9 out of 10 stars. So says Hound. Added February 14, 2008: RIP Roi Scheider!
