Now I have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and I am truly grateful. In order for anyone to think that Soprano is not Television, I'm afraid that I do not know how the world came. To tell you something. I began to watch many TV shows, such as Lost, Prison Break, Decker, Deadwood, and even Invasion. But all of these shows lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to watch because the companies took 2 genius ideas and killed them by doing more than one season. Then we have Soprane. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I've ever watched where I was fascinated throughout the season, and more importantly, all her episodes. There is no division in which this show does not feature. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his acting is absolutely startling in every episode after hearing that HBO wanted Rai Liotta to play Tony and that I thought it would be a better choice, but after watching the first few episodes , I knew that HBO did a great job in throwing James like Tony. The raw emotion she shows is great. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remembered as Johnny Ole in Kum 2) and my two favorite characters Toni Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Valnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All these actors perform in the best possible way, and everyone gives great performance in each episode. Then we have a story, I've never been so sucked up in a TV show before. The story is nothing but excellent. Each episode is top-notch, and the result of this performance is fantastic. I feel that Sopranos is one of the indications that I can always watch and never get bored. It has everything from hilarious humor to brutal violence, but it is still and will always be the best thing it will ever do on television, and I challenge everyone to find the right disaster in the show. Not only are you saying that it is too violent, or that Tony's character is immoral, I think it's a mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I'm asking everyone to watch this show because believe me, you'll be hooked out of the first episode, I was, and I even got a couple of friends who first refused to watch the show hooked on it. Believe me when I say that this show Godsend in relation to the shit that comes on TV After watching the first season, you will inevitably agree with me once again saying that this show dominates on television, and there is no TV show present or future will ever surpass the wonder that Sopranos is.
