Sopranos is probably the most popular TV series ever so that, of course, my expectations were over the roof, and yet the performance has surpassed them. I love the mafia and genre of crime in the movie and I enjoy the accompanying stories set in these worlds, but this is much more. The 86 + hours of the material give a chance to be not only one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories, but also to be a great family drama, a shocking character study, a funny-loud comedy, a brilliant psychological review dealing with the nature of good and evil, and intellectual artistic cooperation of representative dreams and hallucinations in one. The epic series of David Chase manages to accomplish all this and many more, and cement HBO as the closest TV that can achieve movie perfection, paving the way for a series of other series to keep blowing the audience. Realism is present when needed, but Chase's decision to withdraw from her due to the effect occasionally for "episodes of dreams" and the like only adds more layers to the series. Chase - along with powerful writing staff, including Matthews Veiner and Terrence Winters, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire - transforms Nev Jersey into a tangled universe full of the greatest characters I've seen on TV. /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most important characters on TV ever. Tony is holding on to the sex stereotype of a mobster of pop culture, but he defies the other half entirely, and through family interactions and therapeutic meetings with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has significant chemistry that ensures that therapeutic scenes always have a completely different feeling from the rest performances), we see almost every side of Tony Sopran and find out that he is more of a man than you would expect. Edie Falco responds to the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife Carmel. From her mixed feelings towards Tony's way of life, to her suspicions of murder, to torture for Tony's cheating, to her own thoughts of infidelity, Carmela launches a scale of emotions for six seasons, and Falco makes it the main vehicle for viewers who are not mafia to have eyes in such a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most unusual and painfully more realistic drama ever seen on television. Supporting actors are almost phenomenal, and a wide array of characters fill cast over all six seasons, somehow without any excess. Nancy Marchand steals a show as Tony's overwhelming mother Livia, insights into Tona's personality problems and panic attacks. Knowing Marchand's constant complaints is almost creepy, because she is so strikingly far away. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, a Tony protester, whose miserable choices lead him down a path that is sick to watch but brilliantly performed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend Adriana, and is so well-intentioned and likes to have a dark bow that her character takes while too much interferes with Christopher's career. Toni Sirico is Paulie, portrayed as the ultimate mafia stereotype and comic book source, but ultimately becomes one of the most emotional and complicated characters in the show, and nobody plays real anger better than him. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Famous faces like Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Vill Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young and Eric Mangini play during the show, while the names that stand out as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt regularly act as the main characters in the series. There are 50+ great characters with strong arches, and excitement and tension never give up in any of the various backgrounds throughout the show. Comic elements and whole episodes filled with brilliant joy are diluted by the dramatic intensity of the power plant. from the series, which is so multifaceted that for one reason or enough, the credits of almost every episode left me somewhat confused. Sopranos is the strongest and the hottest series I've watched as a whole, and its peaks are so impressive that I would call it my favorite show despite controversial failures (most of which I do not agree with). <br /> <br> Whether you love or hate the end, or what you do is irrelevant: the discussion it has created is an accomplishment in itself. The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. There are several elements for everyone to love and admire in this show, so if you are thinking about looking at something else instead, do yourself a favor and imagine yourself.
