Although "Sopranos" is another gift from the megahit "Kum" and sequels, which dramatized and somewhat glamorized the mafia, "Sopranos" is another move. They do not coincide with the elegant mafias with houses in Lake Tahoe and the casino in Vegas - these are goombahi, with a waste management front, dealing with stuff falling from the back of trucks, toples bars, money for protection - in short, about what It's in the neighborhood mafia. In this series are dominated by colorful characters, which do not stop sexual and graphic violence. Tony Sopran (James Gandolfini) is the head of a mafia with his wife and two children living in New Jersey, who suffers from a panic attack while trying to balance his biological family with the mafia. To get to the bottom of his attack, he sees a psychiatrist, Lorraine Bracco, who feared him and at the same time attracted. Tony's admirer - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his Uncle Junior (titular head of the mafia), his good friend Pussi - are totally enriched characters. As we learn to go through the series, there are enemies not only from outside, but from inside, and one of these enemies involves Tony's sick but horrible mother (Nancy Marchand), who assures June that Tony is a danger to him. Tony's sister Janice, meanwhile, is looking for money at her mother's house with a stethoscope and Geiger's counter. Tony has problems with a mistress, and a woman (Edie Falco) who works hard because she loves him, and all of this keeps in touch with her Catholic religion. "The church is frowned upon by divorce," says one woman who is thinking about divorce. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. As for Tony's problem with a mistress, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is sufficient, and asks him if it sounds familiar. Yes, it sounds like his mother. I am of Italian origin, and yes, I am troubled that the Italians are displayed in a negative light and all assuming that all Italians are mobsters. However, you can not help this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it's pointed out, it's not pork and sweet potato pie - it's antipasto, manicots, meatballs and escalarol, and then bird!) Not to mention, the right pronunciation of a word like melenzana (mullinian) The Italian thing about Tony is that he does not have a finished basement, something he did not hear in the rest of my family (except that my parents never had one). The appearances in this show are Gandolfini, as a ruthless gangster on antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco is tired of Jennifer. But they're all excellent. If you can accept violence and language, this is a great performance, an irrepressible portrait of life in New Jersey.
