Not only the stories in the "Sopranos" include the audience from all sides, but I think (at least for me) what the viewers return is acting. (Even you, Gary, you can not dispute this claim) James Gandolfini, who plays the main man, Tony Sopran, became (in the opinion of this observer) one of the "Hollywood elites" as far as the acting in the television series is concerned. I would not compare him with Robert De Niro or Al Pacino, or at least not yet. He, however, does an awful job in the role of Tony Sopran. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has risen so much as an actor (largely thanks to his role in The Sopranos) that today he is considered to be among the best in the business. And it's not just him. The "The Sopranos" fields are excellent support, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand who starred Tonina's terrible mother. At this moment of emission, it is considered cult classic and right. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and pretty creepy in a fairly common way, but no doubt, remarkably done. The third season was great, but it did not work well in season 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended before the new year, was the weakest season (or at least it was in my opinion it was). Despite the dry wizard, I still found him (Season 4 "The Sopranos") that it is more fun than most of her competitors, and that's a lot of talk because I have recently noticed the trend of good new TV shows. Examples of this are: Sik Feet Under, Shield, Curb Iour Enthusiasm, and OZ (which is technically not the new show, but ended with an unforgettable closing season this year). To return to my point of view, to think that the performance is better than the competition during a particularly bad year, no less, quite a bit of achievement by writers. "Sopranovi" are above and beyond all other television shows in their era, and its writers deserve much credit. To close, I would say, "Soprani" are real people. For an average mature viewer (17+ years old) who enjoys drama and does not mind mixing a bit of violence and cursing, you may want to check out "The Sopranos" if you have a chance. Believe me, it will be worth the time.
