It's probably not fair that I have to see most of the interesting comments about Sopranos and then to add what people have forgotten, but oh well ....... From the point of view, in order for any player could he collapse with these characters? Each of them is enchanting and intense in their life ventures. Toni Soprano - While the Capo is suffering from mental illness, he still sees his life ahead of him and knows what to do to survive. Each of your people, you see their lives practically from within as the most honest form of voirism. It definitely brings some sort of "joyful" side in every viewer, and I take myself into this! While some worry worry about the Bride, I must say that this is the most recent role she has had for years from Good Fellas. She is the side of Tony who forces him to listen to reason, which makes him decent, offering him respite when dealing with his human emotions that he has not felt for so long, if ever. It's simply said, his savior. (Do not speak in religious tones) But knockout is no doubt, Edie Falco. In order to see her role as a prison guard in other hugely-acclaimed HBO series, "Oz", and then seen as Livia, is the ultimate compliment for any actor or actress. She has crossed the boundaries of a recognizable actress, with which only actresses like Merle Streep can get out. Some kind of chameleon quality that exceeds the roles. But, as I mentioned before, with strong characters, how can any actor fail? Livia's strength is in her everyday affirmation of faith in herself. She survived because she hopes her husband and family will survive. She is ready for the worst because she knows the risks of her husband's job, but she knows that the lifestyle she has has more than most women in Jersey. It's wise, if not wiser, and more street-minded then Tony. All in all, the biggest crime from the Soprano family is that viewers have to wait until January 2000 to see the next season. This is, in my opinion, the worst thing in the HBO series. This is what Lari Sanders Shov, Sek and the city, Dream On, and others have returned to the ground in popularity and eventually killed them. Too much space between the season and very sporadic. By that time, I will look at the replay with the hope that this gap will fill in the programming.
