I did not think about it in this way, but my friend said that the first thing he thought when he heard the title of "Midnight Covboi" was gay porn. At that point, all I knew about it was a reference to that Seinfeld episode with Jerry who tried to bring Kramer to Florida on that bus, and Kramer was ill with nosebleeds. The film was great, and surprisingly optimistic, and not pissed by pretentious pessimists like some of the movies I can not remember, because they are all bullshit. The action consisted essentially of the naive young cowboy Joe Buck in New York trying to be a hustler (essentially a male prostitute), thinking that it would be easier to capture, just to hit the brick wall when a woman ends up with HIM, accusing him of having a sexual encounter. He then met Enric Salvatore Rizza, who is called "Ratso" of all and sweet gay men who are constantly mocking him. You consider him to be a subordinate, but kind (like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and he is surprisingly Joe and become friends, and the film is so cute and cordial to see how friendly they are. Rizzo reveals that he is a really sad, sad man who is very ill, very depressed and self-conscious, hates being called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida, where he thinks that life will be much better and that all his problems will be solved , and he will learn to be a cook and be known there. It's a cordial view of Joe to do everything he does to put them both down in Florida, along with many hilarious moments (like Ratso is trying to steal food in that hippy party, and that she caught the woman who says, "God, well, you know, it's free. You do not have to steal it." And he says, "Well, if he's free, then I'm not stealing it," and that classic moment is completely unsigned and unplanned, where Hoffman almost hits this Taki, screaming "Hey, I'm going here! I'm going here!"), and the acting is so convincing, I would never believe that Joe Buck will grow up in a reputable and post raven actor Jon Voight, and Ratso Rizzo will become legendary and beloved Dustin Hoffman. It is not the first time that they work together in major roles, but chemistry is so dense and intense. Then there is a sad part that I believe that it's a pretty exaggeration to call it "depressing." Ratso Rizzo breaks down throughout the movie, barely walks, barely eats, coughs a lot, gets sick and gets to the bus on the way to Florida. It hurts badly, and only miles away from Miami, finally he dies on the bus. The bus driver assures everyone that nothing is wrong and goes on. Sadly, but not in a way that would make you go home and cry and squirm around, as if you had just lost a dog of 13 years. All in all, great movie. And the soundtrack consists mainly of "Everibodi's Talking" that plays through the movie at the right moments. A strange move, but excellent, because the song is good and perfectly fits into the tone of the film. Go see, it's great, go and buy it
