I love MIDNIGHT COVBOI and I have it in my video collection because it's my favorite. What is interesting to me is when MIDVIGHT COVBOI came out in 1969, it was so shocking for the viewers that it was ranked as Ks. Of course, at the time X was meant maturity. Since I was only two years old at the time of publishing the movie, it's hard for me to imagine how shocked the viewers were then. However, when I try to take into account that many topics are covered by the film, which included prostitution (the title itself was a slang for a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; Physical (and somewhat emotional) ill-treatment and drugs is difficult for many people to talk to today, I can begin to understand what viewers of this film meant to publish it. It's worth noting that in the 1970s, MIDNIGHT COVBOI was downgraded to R rating and although it was still rated as R, some of the scenes were almost rated PG-13 according to today's standards. I want to briefly give the synopsis of the shop although it's probably known to almost everyone who heard about the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas who decides he can be as big as a male hustler in New York accompanied by rich women. He mimics cowboy actors like Roi Rogers wearing cowboy equipment thinking that it will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he encountered, he met a thin man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso assures Joe that he can make money for all sorts of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is deceived and soon a homeless person. However, Joe encounters Ratso and is called to stay in a flatbed apartment. Without giving much more complication, I want to say that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other in an attempt to fulfill their dreams. И.Е. Joe did it like a gigolo and Ratso goes down to Florida where he thinks he can regain his health. I want to give some comments about the film itself. First of all, the acting is excellent, especially traces. Although the film is really sad from start to finish, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, although they are not meant to be funny, I find them entertaining. For example, there is a classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk the city street and the taxi practically runs them. Dustin Hoffman hits the taxi and says: "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm going!" I got a blow from this scene because it's so typical for New York where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is a scene in which Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) a guy named O'Daniel. What's fun is that at first we think that O'Daniel is recruiting gigoloes here and seeing why Joe is so excited, but then we begin to realize that O'Daniel is nothing more than a religious walnut. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy clothes are only attracted to homosexuals, and Joe says in the self-defense "John Vaine! A fag!" What I like is delivery on that scene. I would say that although the MIDVIGHT COVBOI was set up at the end of the 60's, most of today is true. This is because, although the area around the 42nd Street in New York City has been purified in the form of Disinfection in recent years, homelessness is still equally dominant there as it was 40 years ago. Likewise, many people have unrealistic dreams about how big it will be only if their dreams were broken as it was the case with the image of Jon Voight. One thing that impresses me on the character of Jon Voight is how he survived and I felt that at the end of the film he ripened a lot and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hofman) had a good influence on him. In conclusion, I want to say that I suggest that, watching this film, it should be watched at least a couple of times as there are so many things that continue. For example, there are a bunch of flashback and dream sequences that became more meaningful to me after a few reviews. Likewise, what is interesting to me is that there are many things in this film that are left to interpretation, such as what really happened to Joe Buck (the figure of Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Tekas. Even the end, although I do not want to leave him for those who have not seen the movie, is quite open.
