This is a great example of a good, stupid movie. No, it's not high art in any way. Similarly, the script is not even near Voodoo Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT WHAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four films and a series of cartoons) are basically benevolent romps who cheerfully gaze on the type of territory that Zuckers ruled before they moved to serious shifts. As the title says, this fourth continuation of the trilogy "Killer Tomatoes" deals with the delivery of Killer Tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (for the third time, John Astina in the role) has a plan to rule France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the real king of France. Steve Lundkvist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be an athlete and who is by chance a dead sound for a long-lost true French king. Obviously, he also plays the aforementioned K, who cheerfully distorts the French language. Confronting them with the fearless Fuzzi Tomato (like the others, FT was presented in another movie and would be the main character in a cartoon) and its human allies. Mark Price, who was recently unemployed due to the conclusion of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a thinly concealed version of himself, passing as "Michael J Fok" as a way to win the girlfriend of her dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, cheerfully bouncing between impeccable viral sexuality and border psychosis. Oh, that former Miss Holland had more film career! Another member who returns to the stock company Killer Tomatoes is Rick Rockwell (today best known as the unfortunate headline title "Who wants to marry a millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bella, Rockwell works both in front and behind the camera in this series. What can you say about Jon De White? Not much, indeed, except that he had a unique vision and managed to do it, and, having done this, he obviously fell into the darkness. John, if you ever see this, thank you for giving us the killers. The scenario is very, but not grossly aware that this is just a movie. Like the RETURN OF FALSE PARADISE, the action periodically turns off the set in the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum complaining about his lack of success compared to his former costumer Michael J Fok. This is the highest budget of all the kill tomatoes and it's good to go to the series. Okay, the show then moved to Fok Kids as a series of cartoons (which was also pretty smart), but cartoons are simply not the same.
