Acidic, unremitting, and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is nothing less effective today than 35 years ago, when American life was even more disorienting. The film probably could do at any other time in history, because in the late 1960s was much upheaval: the final disintegration of the Great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam and the clash of social ideals that were confusing in diversity. Midnight Covboi is widely known as the only film that won the Oscars and got a 'Ks' rating, but there are many more behind his glory; it also goes beyond the norm as an artwork. While this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihija) has a lot to say about the erosion of American life, it transcends politics 60s looking at the hidden links of friendship and addressing the issues that are well known to people in all eras. The two main characters, in fact, are standard antiheroes - men who do not have much to offer, but have a lot to go around our world. The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is on the 28-year-old. Joe Buck, the physically imposing Texan cousin played by Jon Voight. In the introductory scenes we follow Joe's trip by bus to New York, where he plans to use one of his few talents - the ability to enjoy in women - and earn his fortune as a hustler. On his arrival, we find out that Joe is ridiculously naive to sex shop. Dressed in cowboy mulberry and declaring for the "infernal kid," young Texans thrown through his early tricks before they teamed up with Enrico 'Ratz' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), sick fraud and petty thief from the Bronx. Ratso, who is short, skinny and lame, proves he has little financial assistance from Joe. He quickly runs out of cash, and how life grows in the winter months, Joe and Ratso tremble convicted in a building in Manhattan with barely a dollar or a square meal in their names. During this period, a strong friendship develops between them, two men who rely on one another to fight with huge chances. Through the film, Joe returns to Texas earlier this year, including life with his life. grandmother Salli (Ruth Vhite), who served as a guardian; his upset relationship with Crazy Annie (Jennifer Salt), the notorious local girlfriend; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie attacked folks who wanted to break the love affair. Most of their time, 'Midnight Covboi' strings together a wild line of flashbacks, sequences of dreams and psychedelic images that throw light on the main characters, and at the same time distort their backgrounds. For every moment of understanding we get from Joe and Ratso, more questions are raised about their lives. Both men are undoubtedly dwarfs; they do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratso gets into pain and Joe finally senses the purpose of life. This discovery pushes Midnight Covboi to his conclusion, quite hopefully in a very gloomy story. While Joe and Ratso really need a little luck, the direction of John Schlesinger is clearly emphasized and used truthfully. atmosphere of scenario Valda Salta, which enabled Voight and Hoffman to make progress. Their interactions seem to be extremely natural, and the auxiliary acting, made by Silvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of the Andy Warhol clique, is offered as an important part of the story. Flashback sequences that include Voight, Ruth Wite and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in the fight against lost time. <Br /> <br /> Every young person who wonders about the psychedelic era is recommended that you watch this movie, thanks to the excellent cinematography Adam Holender ( 'The boy who could fly', 'Smoke') and installation Hugh Robertson ( 'Shaft' ). Visual 'Midnight Covboi' works with its soundtrack (composed by John Barrie) as a cohesive unit, sometimes predicting music videos for the past two decades. The main song Everibodi's Talk sings Nilsson, which is actually used as a temporary tape at the edit stage. Jean 'Toots' Thielemans plays the unforgettable theme of the accordion. Midnight Covboi was released in the release of the MGM / UA collector, featuring expanded features and comments. Also available is the 1998 DVD (which is used for this review), which offers dual videscreen and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; subtitles in three languages ​​and closed subtitles; French 'duplication'; theater advertising for reissue (not "original" as advertised); and a production book of eight pages. Both DVD releases contain a 25-year-old version of the movie, showing the original glow. Responsible for their three Academy Awards (best picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), 'Midnight Cowboy' will surely take its place among the immortal classics. br /> *** ½ from 4
