Although I love this movie, I barely watch it, so it's real. Well, I put it in tonight and hid behind my computer bank. I remembered it clearly, but I just wanted to see if I could find something I did not see before ........ I did not: it's because it's so real to me. Another "user" has written the age of the commentator who should be shown with their summary. I'm for it! It is absolutely obvious that most of these people who commented on "Midnight Covboi" may not have been born when it was published. They mentioned other films that Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman appeared later. I'll be equally ugly frankly: I'm a 82-year-old. If you are familiar with some of my other comments, you will know that I was a professional female imitator for 60 years and that I appeared in the movie - you would never recognize me, even if you were familiar with my person from the nightclub. Do you think I know much about the characters in this movie? IOU BET AND DO !! .... <br /> <br /> .... and I'm not even the least embarrassed. If you have not come across some of them, it's your loss - but there is a great chance you have, but you just did not know it. Many moms, dads, sons and daughters can surprise you. There should be no secrets of many actors / actresses that emerged from the background of "Midnight Covboi". Who will judge? I can name a few of the current BIG-TIME stars that were raised on the narrow streets of many cities, and they were not even the least affected by the time spent in them. I do not bring judgment, because they are people like us all - love, courage, kindness, compassion, intelligence, humility: you name attributes, they are all there, regardless of the look of the package. The "triviality" about Hoffman who is actually praying on the streets to prove he can play the role of "Ratza" is a jewel - he can see how he drives his car across Los Angeles - how do you think he gets his contribution? I can name the many male stars standing on the streets and traveling through the money bars. Although the nightclub I last worked for 26 years was world-famous and legitimate, I can also mention some HUGE stars that had to constantly escape from our street, wanting to pick it up. This should not be a surprise today, although it is definitely an action in Hollivood and other cities, big and small. Awakening and smell of rose. They do not feel anything less sweet because they are different in color. Some of the "users" thought that "Joe Buck" was abused by his grandmother. Although I saw him in bed with a boy, I did not find any appearance. Believe it or not, children did not always have their rooms - because it is necessary today to tell you that something strange can happen in the bedroom. Whose job? Hoffman may have prayed for street changes, but some of the "users" point out that Jon Voight is not the main star for recording "Midnight Covboi" - his real salary would surprise you. I think he was robbed! No one can doubt the clarity he has put into his role, nor did he make it a star for such a great work as "Deliverance". He defined a powerful man who defeated his devils and was better for him: few people commented that he was sodomized in this film. At the end of the sixties it might have been one of the first films that were so open, but society has always been hip. I also did not find any homosexuality between "Ratza" and "Joe" - they are obviously opposites, rude to each other. They found much cleaner relationships - true friendship. If you did not understand it at the end of the movie, then you lost time. "Joe's" confusion, but the reckless piety was obvious. Yes, Voight deserved the Oscar for this role - the one John Wayne could never retire, and he was handsome at his youth. Hoffman is Hoffman - you expect a fireworks. He gave them excellent. Wayne won the Oscars. Every character in this movie was well defined - if you do not think they are still nearby, you're mistaken. "Party" ? - Attend some of the "rave" of younger people ... ... if you can come in. Look at the lines of people trying to get into hot clubs - you'll see every strange personality. Brenda Viccaro was the embodiment of sleek women in society that sometimes have to descend on the nooks. If you were shocked by her brilliant acting, thinking "this is not real," look at today's "ladies" who live on the edge of a bad voice .... and whom you admire. Brutality "Joe" shown in the looting of an old man, unfortunately, is also a part of life. You do not have to approve it, but it's not much different from any kind of violence. "Joe" clearly stated his purpose - in that situation, I would surrender money faster than he asked for. This is one of the scenes that make this film a breakthrough, which I do not watch. My heart was broken for both of them ... John Schlesinger must have been surely aware of this stinkness to manage this innocent eye opener - Valdo Salt did not write out of clairvoyance. Anyone who had any part to bring him to the screen must understand that they are making history, and should be proud of his sincerity. Perhaps "only in America" ​​we can close our eyes against unpleasant situations, while other filmmakers do not mind to present it to the public. Do not watch it does not mean it's not there - give me the truth every time. Well done! to all......
