Jon Voight plays a man named Joe. Joa is shy of childhood. He has a strong fear and hatred for religion because of his traumatic baptism. He leaves his job as a dishwasher and goes to become a haven for wealthy people. He met an unsuitable by name Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) and two for the connection. They go out and work together to help one another. They become thieves. The two grow extremely close and soon they can not live without them. However, there is something very important that Ratso did not tell Joe, and that could ruin any hope of surviving the city together. This is one of the biggest films ever made. It is heartbreaking and breaking the portrait of too lonely men who have nothing to lose except one another. Their story is devastating to watch, but it's extremely important that people see them. This is one of those films in which the characters are quite similar to the seemingly crazy people you sometimes find on the street. The difference is that this film is from their perspective. Their lives have been shown to us and it is disgusting to see that pedestrians in this film treat them as dirt, especially if we were once one of these people. However, the film does not try to convict you. Instead, it shows you a rough side of your lifestyle. It is not a pleasant and comfortable way of life, as it is shown by many Hollywood films such as MILK MONEY and PRETTI VOMAN. The lifestyle of a male client is a dirty, big and ugly life and it's sad that people have been degraded as Joe's character in this movie. What made me most stunned in this film was that it came out in 1969 and perfectly weathered the test of time. Today's audience will still find great meaning in this film and will still love and cherish it as much as critics and audiences everywhere in 1969. The film was rated with Ks, but what I notice about this film is that sexuality is shown in a more honest, more realistic and more efficient way. Anyone who has had sexual intercourse before will know how ridiculous, clumsy and scary. Sex in this movie may not be as graphic as it used to be. Movies rated with Ks, such as MIDNIGHT COVBOI, CLOCKVORK ORANGE, WEDDING, LAST TANGO in Paris, and FRITZ CAT all seem incredibly pitiful compared to the shocking things people can draw today with the R rating. The scene scene in MIDNIGHT COVBOI will look pretty strong, but certainly not sexy. They are not graphic, but they are real, and that's what people should keep in mind when watching this movie. The language of the course used in the film, especially the word "gay" is used efficiently and is not free. Violence is very shocking to watch today, but again it is necessary for complications to show the world of hustlers. I'm really glad to see that MIDVIGHT COVBOI is not dated and is still as effective as it was in 1969, if not more. I can not recommend this classic enough and I hope that they will continue to find the audience because it is a truly special and unforgettable experience that will not be forgotten soon. PROS: -Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman are torturous and marvelous to watch. They never played such roles before or after and completely differ from the usual ones. You will forget who plays them in a few minutes! -Priority score- It's not at all dated or similar as many films from that decade as today - Fantastic and fast editing work CONS : -For a mature audience only -The open scenes are well made, but they could only be a bit stronger.
