John Schlesinger's "Midnight Covboi" is perhaps the most impressive because he is the only K-Score film in the history of the Academy that won the Oscar for best film. It was certainly the first time I heard about it, and to be completely honest, I really did not expect much of the movie. That does not mean that I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I did not consider it a type of film in which I would enjoy watching. That's one of the reasons why you should never trust your instincts in such ways? an exceptional combination of starry acting, ambitious directing and unforgettable soundtracks ("Everybody tells me, I do not hear the word they say") make this film one of the best studies of life, naivety and friendship ever, Young Joe Buck (formerly novice John Wright), proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York and seeks a new life as a whore, a male prostitute. Women, however, seem to be unwilling to pay for his services, and Joe faces life in extreme poverty because his money supply begins to dry out. During these ventures, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly cheated lover who initially tries to deceive Joe from his money. When they realize that they are both in the same trouble, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay, and working together, they try to (mostly unfair) live for themselves in the cold, large metropolis of New York. /> Joe is convinced that women from New York will no longer be willing to pay for sex; however, his first such venture ends with the fact that he pays the wife (Silvia Miles) 20 dollars in error. Although he may be considered to be a little intelligent, Ratso is just as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful, coughing cough, is always convinced that if he just traveled to the heat of Miami, everything was fine. This erroneous expectation that things will be so easily repaired is quite reminiscent of Lenny and George from the classic novel John Steinbeck, "About Mice and People." It was photographed mainly on the streets of New York, "Midnight Cowboy". 'is a gritty-realistic view of life in straw. Watching the movie, we can almost feel in Rats's dirty, neglected residence, our joints stiffened by a painful winter cold. Gluma certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, and Voight and Hoffman masterfully display two decadent waves of modern society. Hoffman is particularly outstanding in his role (I walk here! I am walking here!), I try to get better off from being molded after his much-praised debut in 1967, "The Diplomac". Both stars were later nominated for Oscar for the best actor (also nominated for Silvia Miles acting for an appearance that could not last longer than five minutes), although both of them lost John Vaine's True Grit. Midnight Covboi eventually won three Oscars from seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Written for Valdo Salt. The 'Midnight Covboi' has been reported mostly linearly, although there are a number of flashbacks pointing to Joe's past, and not explicitly explaining what is actually being done in these short passages, the audience is invited to think about it , and how these circumstances could have brought Joe on the path he now follows. The strangely-beautiful final scene leaves us a gleam of hope, but a large amount of uncertainty, persistent, provoking thoughts and intensely fascinating, 'Midnight Covboi' is one for aging.
