It's not quite a timeless masterpiece that you would hope to be based on the recognition it has received, but "Midnight Covboi" from 1969 is still a powerful showcase for two young actors who just then scattered. The film was directed by John Schlesinger, written by Valdo Salt. It seems that the film is a product of his time, in the late sixties, when American films were particularly expressive, but still casts a spell, because the story is reduced to the topics of loneliness and connectivity that relate to themes of loneliness and connection regardless of the period. The film's influence on film can still be felt in an unspoken emotionalism found in Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain. The tricky plot follows Joe Bucka, a naive, young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become stud-for-hire for rich women. Full of energy, but without any knowledge, unsuccessfully collapses, but is not willing to admit defeat, despite his missing finances. He meets a cynical, sick little thief called "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as a light pawn. The two become dependent on one another, and Rizzo starts to manage Joe. Things come to the head in a psychedelic drug party, where Joe finally landed in the place of the paying client. In the meantime, Rizzo is getting better, and both of them move to Florida seeking a better life. This is not a story that will appeal to everyone, in fact, some may be considered repulsive in that the fraudsters and thieves are turned into cute people, but their problems feel painfully authentic. In his first Leading Role, Jon Voight is ideally thrown while he exhibits Joe's paper-thin courage and deepens sexual insecurity. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully refreshes his clean, post-faculty image from The Graduate and plunges into personal degradation and glittering hope that looks like a weirdly compatible counterpart Joeu. The sincerity of their portraits is complemented by Schlesinger's film treatment, which is lively to the shame of the Times Square at that time. The director also efficiently inserts flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill the brittle psyche characters. Credit should go to Salt because he did not allow penetrating cynicism to overwhelm the story of the story. Other performances are just coincidental with the travels of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as a woman Joe meets at the party, Silvia Miles as a blonde, John McGiver as a religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes as a lonely mayor. The two-disc 2006 DVD package contains an intact restoration of restoration from 1994 and an informative comment from producer Jerome Hellman, as unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt still live. On the second disc there are three great buttons - the documentary "After Midnight: Reflections on Classic 35 Iears Later", which contains comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and similar archival footage. as a Voight screen test; "Controversy and Confession", which examines the genesis of the initial "Ks" rating of the film and the public reaction to the film; and honoring director "Celebrating Schlesinger".
