Midnight Covboi opens with Drive In Theater with the voice of the main hero Joe Bucka (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, the thing he wants to be. Joe takes his life in Texas and moves him to New York with a dream of many women, and more money. He dresses as a cowboy symbol, but in a cartoon style, even his friends do not take him seriously. We start a bus trip to New York and we can quickly see how Joe is diluted through his interactions with other travelers. This is primarily a story about Joe's realization of the harsh reality of the real world. It starts as a very naive southern man thinking he can succeed in New York just for his good looks. He has no other reason to think differently because they have proved useful in the past; We learn this from the many flashbacks it has. In the beginning, the recordings were recorded in a way that shows them as a bit curious. They are murky and voices sound as if they are coming from a great distance, as they are, they emerge from his past. However, as Joe draws deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of New York, we see more of his past, which is no longer hilarious, but persistent, painted in black and white with quick editing to show the cruel nature of past events. This is especially noticeable when he and his girlfriend were attacked, and she was raped. In one of these memories, we see a building that breaks down bricks. This reflects the way Joe decays; the naivety he once was falling from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in dirt and can barely feed; Joe realizes that he can not live out of his looks, that in New York he is a thick underwear that he did not imagine. His subconscious reflects the way in which his real life turns. Ratso serves Joe as a mirror, but in the opposite way; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is a handsome, powerful man who, in general, has a good outlook. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe at the bar, we can say that he is the opposite. It is short, dark and always covered with glow of sweat. He understands how the world works, that it is untenable, and sometimes no matter how hard you try, you will not succeed; just like his father. They live in the same world, in the same apartment, but they understand things at a completely different level. The topic of alienation, the one that is common to this age, is very obvious in this film. . Both Joe and Ratso do not fit into the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York, where he remains a very outsider. Ratso, who lives in the cold of New York, wants to move to sunny Florida where he thinks he will be able to find a good life. Although this is his ideal, in the fantasy we get from Ratso's perspective, it is obvious that he knows that he will never really fit into society. In the aforementioned fantasy he is involved by the people who live around him, he is once again an outsider, alienated from society. To the end, the gap between Joe and Rats begins to narrow down. Joe is resorting to violence; he takes over the mentality of this city in order to get the money to finance the escape funds for Florida for himself and Ratso. On the way, we see Joe coming out of a shop that does not carry cowboy clothes that has never been left without the rest of the film. He's dressed like someone who looks like he's going on holiday in Florida. He dresses Ratso in the same way; he is tired to fit into the new society they enter, but it is not helpful. After Ratso's death on the bus, their passengers viewed them again as off-roaders. Even in this new culture they entered, they can not avoid the alienation they encountered at every step in this film. Despite Ratso's death and Joe's continuous alienation, the film ends with hopes that Joe will be able to grasp his new knowledge of how the world works and to create a better life than he would have in New York. Midnight Cowboy is a great movie that shows the harsh reality of society and alienation, with star performances by Voight and Hoffman.
