"Midnight Covboi" was never a great movie to start, but it's classic. You know this is a classic moment when his insistent thematic song, 'Everibodi's Talking' begins on a soundtrack, (not actually written for a movie), and the way the camera introduces us into Joe Buck, (naked and in the shower). We've already seen Jon Voight, but we've never noticed it, but when he tells us he is "one of them" who will question him? This was a great performance that had the iconic status of the star, as well as a complete understanding of the character, and if Voight never did anything else, his performance would still be legendary. Voight is rarely disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham that is well cured as his performance in this magnificent nonsense "Anaconda" is a source of satisfaction). The film became famous and notorious almost overnight. It was the pleasure of the crowd, (even with its poor ending), ridiculous and sexy and recognizable 'real'; (that was the end of the sixties's and all the characters were true). It was also the first 'X' film that won Oscars for the best year. Adapted, (brilliant) Valdo Salt from the novel by James Leo Herlihi, it was probably the first major commercial American film to deal with 'taboos' topics such as homosexuality and drug use in an essential way. They are all recognizable as people, nipples and everything, and everyone is treated with sympathy. Joe Buck of Voight is innocent abroad, Candide who comes to New York to look for his fortune as a scum (a profession he considers glamorous and not saturated, he is a cross between a giant and a social worker). But when he is disgusted by a scarce, wretched horsemen called Ratso Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from The Graduate, and he's a revelation), he realizes that perhaps the reality is a little different from the pipe-sream. Basically it's a male love story, (though completely platonic), between these two not so amazing friends. Both are completely alone, and both of them are fully needed to become the protectors of others, (Voight with their physical strength, Hoffman with their street wits). They are unadjusted by the mainstream, tolerant of their particularities and deviations of others. Although 'straight' Voight is not out of a gay meeting at the 42nd Street Cinema with a boy who is even more lonely than him. (The whole movie puts an unusual 'Christian' attitude). It also gloriously acted. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen on the surface, there are top vignettes from Brenda Vaccaro and Silvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as diverse buyers and hangers, beautifully written small character studies that seem to outstrip the action as long as the direction of John Schlesinger gives the film the impression of a documentary film, as well as a completely separate view of the American underground belly without depression and without criticism. In the end, it may be a great movie.
