Horror is perhaps one of two genres in which logic does not always win over imagination. We all know that killers like Freddie, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to withstand the pain and still live to fight for another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to catch people and eat their brain. And hopefully at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouse and old palaces, indescribable crimes will not be committed against them. This is a place where imagination overcomes the fact. Horror, and most of the films in general, require us to interrupt our disbelief for a few hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I watch the balls bounce down the stairs of George C. Scott, or when I see an unseen force that haunts three amateur filmmakers in the forest near Burketsville. But what I have a problem is digestion (without the desire to get back) when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. To give out who the killer would actually be a big spoiler and take away all the fun by watching him for himself, but it is enough to say that I really enjoyed this film until the final scene when the killer is discovered. There are too many events in the movie that make sense for the killer who is. But 90 minutes before this point is a well-made, uncertain, blood-soaked film that is directed and dressed by John Hough. If the film offered me a different killer, then I would actually talk about it. This can sound like a very clear reason for discrediting the film, but believe me, anyone watching a movie will almost certainly agree with me. John Cassevetes plays dr. Sam Cordella. He and his daughter Jenni (beautifully actress Erin Flanneri) recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow and it's not clear how his wife died. We see several scenes in which a mysterious woman appears in which a mysterious woman (it can only be assumed that this is his wife) puts the butt to the ground during a lush splash. Her face is bloody and her eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and what's the relevance to the story, but she's there anyway. Cassevetes, this has to be mentioned, the least the word is weird. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be more than parental. There are several scenes that point to incestuous possibilities. It never works, but it seems to be almighty, but somewhere under the rug. Fortunately, the movie never really explores this link element, but it makes you a little upset. Casevettes looks like a cross between porn actor John Leslie and great James Caan. He has a mischievous smile and a masculine, commanding voice that forces you to sit and notice. But it seems that he will soon give up a business lunch in every scene. He only has that slim, dishonest, phlegmatic, uncomfortable way about him. He never really looks like he can be trusted in this movie. I suppose it is the merit of writers, directors and Cassevetes himself. There was always something that only struck me about his character from the very beginning. The story begins on a great note, because the two will be lovers who swam in a local quarry. Nearby there is an old-fashioned old-fashioned barrier and as we can see, something or someone is watching. When a young man disappears briefly to take something out of the truck, a young woman enters the shed just to play a joke. When it's there, it is attacked. The young man goes to the shed to find it, and he is stuffed with a board and a nail. Hough cunningly imposed a reward when the young man came. He looked wildly searching the room and noticing that his beloved lover would bleed in the corner, and then smut, the guy got it. It's a very tense moment and he starts the movie on the right note. It is also introduced into a tangled wedding the story is a young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams about the faceless dream of a woman who is tied in a torture chamber surrounded by men with coats that cover faces. It seems that Tim thinks his dreams have something to do with murders, because every time a murder occurs, he has another dream. Throw in a quiet and dull grandmother, an insensitive female journalist and a strong but common local sheriff and you have all the ingredients necessary to create improvisation in the small town of Galen. Throughout the entire series, more people were massacred, but most of the time men were slaughtered with extreme prejudice, and women were raped. This is my first weak and attentive attempt to tell you that this is what left me indistinct in the outbreak. He simply did not hit a real chord. Incubus is a well-made film. It's tense, tight, and even most performances are very well made. I was intrigued by the dreams that Tim had, and I was eager to find out what they had in mind for the story, and ultimately for the murders. But when you go through everything that was good in the movie, you still have that sharp taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet ones. 7 out of 10-- This could have been nine. A pity.
