The only reason I knew about Midnight Covboi was because he was in the Top 100 at AFI Critic. Indeed, I had to look in order to find a copy, I got a DVD version for about half the price. It is surprising that it was rated only as M15 + (uncut version). I doubt that many will consider this review (more like a comment) and I will make it short. This is perhaps one of the strangest movies I've seen, partly because of the use of editing, artistic shooting (very art-house) and unusual themes. There are many things in the movie that I still do not understand (I see them twice), which is a film that is emotionally confusing. Recording and acting were very good, and these are characters that are larger than life and make this movie unforgettable. The main character is Joe Buck, a "cowboy" from Texas who moves to New York to become a male prostitute. He meets the crippled Enrica 'Racz' Rizza Enrico and, of course, become friends who go through the usual escapades. What makes the movie interesting is that the two characters are so different. I felt that the film did not really develop the relationship between Bucka and Enrico Rica so that the audience would have any real emotional connection, although the end is definitely sad and tragic. You probably already know what's going on reading reviews, but that's obvious from the very beginning. Personally, I think the movie is beautiful and vigorously explored its main themes. Deprivation of mankind (shown by the darkness of city streets, disintegrated possessions). Most characters in the movie exist outside the law (conman, giggolo.etc), but you can not help them. Joe Buck is cute because he is so naive and optimistic, while we will later begin to pity Ratso. I think the film was rated so high because it certainly was very revolutionary for his period. At that time (and now) it was definitely not a typical film (quite art-house). At a time when tough westerns, musicals and drama dominated the movie, a film with such an unusual theme as Midnight Covboi appeared. On a personal level, I must say that my film was very expensive. The images transmitted a quality like a dream. I especially liked the scene at the party, music, pictures, etc. They stay in your mind for a long time after watching. However, as a movie for entertainment, there was little (not my film style) in excitement. This is a movie that should be enjoyed and appreciated, not a cheap accent. Although I would consider myself qualified to analyze this film, the characters and their motives were very interesting. According to what I understood from flashbacks, Joe Buck was sexually abused as a child of his grandmother, although it does not seem to be relevant for the story. He is a happy young stump, which suppresses his dark memories. Religious connotations in the film are also confusing. Some suggested a homosexual relationship between Bucka and Ratso, although I do not see where they got the idea. The topic of homosexuality is more than touched in their conversation, and later in Joe Buck's encounter with a lonely old man, but has little to do with the main story. Of course, technically speaking, one of the best films of the decade (has more feelings than the 70s than it feels like in the 1960s) and revolutionary for its time touches the topics that few other films have ditched. Although she has a simple, sentimental story for her (disguised in a hard edge), the beauty of the film is in strange, often psychedelic sequences.
