I sat down to watch "Midnight Covboi" thinking that it would be another overrated movie from the '60s and' 70s. Some of my favorite films come from the 1970s, in the same spirit as "Midnight Covboi" ("Taki Driver", "Mean Streets", "Panic in Needle Park", etc.). But there are many, much overrated as well that they gained a strong reputation among critics because they were revolutionary - unfortunately, the vast majority of them still do not. In a way I feel like this about "Easi Rider". (Although this is one of my favorites.) So, I did not expect much from "Midnight Covboia", but I got a lot back. It's a moving story, well made and well reported with some of the best performances of all time. Dustin Hoffman, as Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, gives one of his best - sometimes he's a bit hilarious (sounds like a cartoon character when he talks - maybe because of Lenny's / "Simpsons"), but Hofman is completely convincing. Half of the movie's budget went to his pay because he just became the star in Hollywood. On the contrary, Jon Voight, the second by choice, is Joe Buck, a "cowboy" traveling north to Velika Jabuka hoping to become a male prostitute. Soon, the naïve paths brought him into trouble and he got up with a chromatic artist called "Ratso" - who offered to become Joe's "manager" for a certain percentage of profits. The film is quite long in two hours, but it never seemed very long. Some films can pull, especially some of the films made in the seventies, because (as Easi Riders, Raging Bulls) have said, directors were stars of films in the 1970s and occasionally got too in love with their material, going too long for interrogation characters / scenes / etc. it does not matter. The only scene I felt was too long and unnecessary was a drug game - the movie makes it extremely obsolete (similar to the odyssey of Easi Rider) and really harm its flow because it is not needed. /> In addition, "Midnight Covboi" is almost impeccable movie picture. I was pleasantly surprised. It has its flaws (flashbacks are a bit sticky and have never been used as well as they could be, for example), and some scenes are somewhat uncomfortable (such as a gay movie sequence), but if you can process its content "Midnight Covboi "is a really great movie, an uncompromising search for life on the streets of the late 60s / early 70s. It's a depressing film, yes, and according to today's standards it may seem somewhat obsolete and difficult in a liberal perspective "life is terrible, etc." ... but I still love that and especially the extremely touching end will stay with me for a long, long time. Highly recommended. One of the best films of the seventies. (Technically published at the end of 1969, but I still categorized it as a movie from the 1970s. He also won the Best Picture Oscar Award, being the first and only K-rated movie film R on appeal.) 4.5 / 5
