"Five Sematars" succeed in two great situations. First, it's a scary Horror movie. Those that are simply not produced these days. Second, it's an emotional, clever movie in general. So if you are looking for winters, fears, horror, and visually stunning settings, great acting, dying and terrible effects; This is the movie you're looking for. Classic now and really must be seen for any fan of horror. Probably the best adaptation for any of King's novels. The events feel a bit urgent in comparison with the novel, but this does not mean that this underrated movie is not a complete horror / drama. Roman Steven King is widely known for being at the same time very emotional and horrible. The film reflects the same feeling mainly because there is an excellent character development and you can feel the relationship of love between its members. Then, when everything looks like luck (technically happy, because the title "Five Sematars" does not offer an apse!), The Tragic Event changes the atmosphere of the movie, it becomes very dark now. The film has a vicious feeling of opening, but after Gagea, the film becomes sad, gray, violent. Facing the loss of a son is something that can ruin the entire family life, and "Five Sematars" dramatically prove it. A legend behind a pet is more than a bribe nobody wants to experience, but sorrow and despair lead an emotionally ruined father to give him a chance. Unfortunately, the legend is being realized and the baby Gage returns from the dead. The previous encounter with the legend of pets turned out to be tragedy, but this time is a lot, much worse. What will happen to the lives of our All American family? Can Pasquia prevent this tragedy? What about surreal nightmares? Watch "Five Sematars" to attend one of the most discerning, emotional Horror films of the modern age. You will not regret it. The acting is very good, even though I did not bathe the actor who showed his father. He did not seem troubled enough when the situation required his despair. But that's just my opinion. Denise Crosby really made a great performance and worked perfectly as a noble, gentle mother. Babi Gage was incredible even in his violent parts. * Shivers *. All in all, this is a great classic of all time and an upsetting movie that touches the deepest fears of people ... the loss of someone you love, the dead who are returning to life and the feeling of despair. Something is safe ... I do not want to be buried, in the pet !!
