If you ever had the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live, you'd better go further. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her All Bad and Beautiful Tour and I still can not believe I was in the first row, and happy enough to experience such a phenomenal performance. She is now in New York City's show and coincides with the release of her revolutionary stunner, "Vithout Iou I'm Nothing." We lost Richard Prior, Lenny Bruce, Nino Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to spot her head once in a while, but Sandra more than compensates where Babs leaves. All right, I want to know, Mrs. Bernhard is a little of these influential entertainers and more. I really wanted to push this film because of its truth, sincerity, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Niro, Silvester, Nine Simone, Prince), and a script that defines decadence, joy, sorrow, ups and downs of the 70s and 80s . My opinion is that many (and I think, MULTIPLE) comics have been raised, well stolen, so much from this show, if not by Sandra himself. I will not appoint, but come on, people, you and I know who they are. You see, the thing is that Bernhard plays by his rules. This film shows, as well as her live performances, that she is an artist who has remained faithful to the old school show business, and is progressing. Her performances resemble smoky jazz clubs (during Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), television shows of the 70's, intimate cabaret concerts and concerts that resemble everything from Judy Garland to Joan Jet. Most comedians could not even touch where Sandra is coming from or where she will be. So, I was there a year ago, watching Sandra in the theater theater, in awe and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, to give her something that meant something to me, that, I hope, means something to her. But I'm listening to my copy of Awakening Till it hurts, and I only thank her in prayer, in some way that she laughed me, made me think, making me feel SOYCLE. You can not deny the presence of this lady, and you can not possibly deny the talent that just runs from the stage. She's still here, a curse, even after publishing "I'm nothing of you," about 15 years ago. And by the way, it looks great. I know first hand, walking from the theater, one member of the audience said to another: "She is so funny ... and still looks amazing! If you can not live it yet, take a look at this movie. I hope Sandra will see this. You thought you had a lot of things, led me to some hard crazy moments. If you can send me an e-mail, please, if not, knowing that you're still kicking it. Come on, people, give up on Gospo !!!!
