In the section on trivia for the Five Sematars, it is mentioned that George Romero (director of two stories by Stephen King, Creepshov and The Dark Half) is set to direct, and then retreat. You wonder what he would bring to the film, because the director Mary Lambert, although not really a bad director, does not bring so much imagination to this adaptation of King's novel, as the script writer wrote about. There are, of course, some very effective, grotesque surreal scenes (mostly related to sister Zeld, probably more for crawling for children if they see a movie), and the role in some roles is dead-perfect. But sometimes something is missing, some kind of style that could match the infallible royal atmosphere, which in this case is pathological as you get without incestuous cannibalis that rise from the graves they throw (who knows if it preserves it for its final novel ... ) As mentioned earlier, some of them are great, especially Miko Hughes like Gage Creed, a little boy who goes from one of the Cute little children on this side of the horror movie from the 80's to be a little monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes that they love a particular scalpel ). And there is also a juicy supportive role for Fred Gwynne of Munsters, who plays this old, mysterious man with real gossips and falls in tone. And the applause goes to everyone who made the makeup on Andrei Hubatsek. But there are other disadvantages, though in another casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not big, because the crippled, upset father Creed and his daughter Ellie play an actress who just did not work for me. In terms of setting up some cool set-pieces, only a couple of really points out: a specific moment for thickening (does not spoil, involves a cold Ramones song), and the first visit to a pet, semantics (larger), including the type the mystical narrative that the King had in Shine. In most cases, this was a very smoothly arranged work, although it could have been even darker to fit the script. If he thinks logically (although in royal terms), this is indeed one of his more effective works of that period. But it does not add up as it might or should be. Still, it's a great little midnight movie.
