Making a book in a movie by following a story page on a page NEVER is not a good idea. When people read the book, they automatically start to make their own "mental film" about how characters look, in which places they exist, how things are progressing. And the opus of all thoughts is different, which is why when you finally get the movie "REAL", you always have a typed segment of the movie audience that is disappointed that it simply does not measure everything. The screenwriter and director hope to achieve what their vision of the film is, and we hope it will be as close as possible to what their audience expects. There is no better case for this situation than movies based on Steven King's novels. When filmmakers capture at least the essence of his stories, the results can be astounding and really daunting (CARRIE, SALEM'S LOT, PEACE ZONE), or they can be what fans regard as a nasty-terrible mess (Kubrick's version of SHINING, miniseries for IT and THE TOMMIKNOCKERS). Although not even close to being a perfect adaptation for the King, PET SEMATAR has so many moments of discomfort from the skin and bones as if it blew out the screen directly from the book, you can pretty much forgive its shortcomings. We are thanked by the film director Mari Lambert, who became the director of the film (she directed SIESTA, and not just a horror movie, but you have to see another freaky-as-hell on her list), working from the Scenario sam-Man-ster -a, and probably one of his best. Since most of you know the story, I will not sleep with you too much detail. Dr. Louis Creed (Dale Midquiff) moved his family into a perfect home in the country. Well, almost perfect, except for two unpleasant details: a dangerous occupied section of the interstate highway in front, and a large cemetery for pets in the forest. Since Louis is a vet and has a young little child for a son ... well, even if you have not read the book, make a fucking math. After all, it is the story of the king, so there is no mystery in which this moves. It is not so much a destination that is important here, but stupidly stops by the way. Certain scenes that are so familiar from the book have been brought to trembling, screaming life: Rachel Creed (STREJ TREKOV Deniz Krosbi) a terrible memory of her incurably sick, mutilated sister; Louis encounters with a deadly injured racer Victor Pascov (Brad Greenkuist), both before and after his death; traveling to the "other" cemetery behind a cemetery for pets. And that third act ... if it does not give you several nightmares, you might need to check your pulse. Good performance of all here, especially the late Fred Gwynne as a benevolent neighbor. , Jud Crandall, who got the best line in a story summarizing everything: "Sometimes, dead is better." About the unique problem with the movie version is the casting of Louis's son, Gagea. (Miko Hughes). Knowing that it would be almost impossible to get such a kind of performance from a child of that age to seal the contract on this, Lambert and the crew continued to do the best they could, and unfortunately, Hughes at that time was too damned to "sell" his purpose as an evil , zombies with demons. This takes you out of the movie whenever it appears, although the scenes in which it is shown is still masterful (especially Gwynne's death scene.) Moreover, everything else is still good. CARRIE still holds the title of the best adaptation of the king, as far as I'm concerned; but SEMATAR is up there in the five. Still, will anything adapted for a screen based on the king's book be daunting as reading a story? Not likely for BLOOD ... for now.
