"Five Sematars" is an adaptation from the novel Stephen King of the same title. The story follows the Creeds - all the American, middle class, who moves into a house in the country. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, and their two little children, Ellie and their little son, Gage. The house could not have been better, and the family met with a strange but friendly old man, Judah, who lives across the road. One day they lead them down the old path to the forest where there is a cemetery for pets - filled with a huge amount of animal tombs. And immediately behind it, there is a sacred Indian cemetery that seems to have strange power. When a family cat, the Church, is murdered, Louis sees fit to bury him at the pet cemetery - and it is unusual that soon the Church returns to life. But now there is something evil in him, he is not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident brings the life of a young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately, he gets more than he asked. Reading Stephen King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than film. Not to say that the movie is bad, because it's not - the book is just a little better. The real power in this film lies in his story, which is both bizarre but extremely original, for which King's stories are commonly known. The script is very well adapted to the story, and although in some aspects it differs to a lesser extent, it's pretty good to transform pages to the screen. There are several plots here and there, though nothing significant. In addition, this movie is actually quite daunting and successful in doing so. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the movie, and I should have said that the sequence of memories of Rachel's sister, Zeld, number one. Frankly, it's one of the most disturbing, disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not bloody and bloody, it's just disgusting. One thing is certain, this picture will not leave your head soon. The performances in this movie were all right and I really did not have any problems there. This film is actually on the nasty side, there are many nasty little sequences that satisfy all dogs above, including the shocking ending. I really liked the way they finished the film, it was sudden and somewhat obscure, but it worked better with all the things considered. All in all, the "Five Sematars" is a good horror movie that I recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. The story is the biggest advantage of the movie and it is creepy. One of the better adaptations of Stephen King. 7/10.
