Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, is moving into a large house near a small town, as he will hold classes at the University of Maine. Along with him, his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. They soon met their new neighbor, and an old man named Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns Louise and Rachel of the danger that is the highway passing by their house (it's a constant way of using large trucks), but also to show the family is a cemetery for pets located near their home. Judd begins to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery, but Rachel is against talking about death and spirituality with her children, since she has traumas after the death of her sister Zelda. During the first week of the Family in a new home, Louis already has dead people to deal with: Victor Pascov, a student who was fatally wounded in a car accident, personally addresses his dying words to Lou, although two foreigners . On the night after Pascogh's death, Louis experiences what he believes is a very vibrant dream in which he sees Pascow, who leads him to the pet cemetery and warns Louis not to "go further than that, no matter how much you feel you need." Louis wakes up in bed the next morning, convinced that it's just a dream, until he finds feet and bedding covered with earth and pine needles. In any case, he rejects a dream. Many strange things start to happen, and the Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Louis remains worried about talking about the death of the Church with Ellie, but Judd, compassionate with him, leads Judas Lou into the pet cemetery, supposedly buried the Church. But instead of standing there, Jud leads further on a frightening journey to the "real graveyard": the ancient graveyard used by Micmac ("... the Indians ..."). There, Louis buried a cat at Jud's instruction, while Jud said that the animals buried there returned life to life. And there begins the real horror story ... I personally consider this film to be very good. It's not the worst of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've been watching. The way Gage dies, it's almost impossible not to remain in your memory, especially if you are a child. Cool is seeing Stephen King's kama like the minister of the funeral. Naturally, there are some mistakes in scripts: How can a rich doctor with two young children live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after being struck by a truck? Why does Louis continue to revive every member of his family knowing that everyone will remain as monsters? Such things do not make any sense, but I can understand that all the horoscope scenarios must have over-the-top ideas for work. The good thing I've seen in this movie is the need to talk about death with children, regardless of your religion or if you're atheist, and avoiding important subjects is not helping anything. Because Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, facing her and saying that her cat would not come back, all nightmares began.
