Sandra Bernhard is nothing without you, a film published in 1990, followed by her off-Broadway production of the 1988 production ... which she and others call the movie as her "hit-hit". "<Br /> <br /> There have been several changes in the monologues and liner, a film version of visual vampire story, leading Sandru of phenomenal existence as a successful artist in the New York, during what she called her" superzvezdno year, "the illusory , an almost desperate existence in her home in Los Angeles - her fictional film manager says Sandra returns "to her roots, ... upscale clubs for dinner as Paris's room. "Here you have to make a point." Sandra is trying to attract her liberal vision and sometimes a sharp critique of American pop culture to the audience who can not see it completely. "In LA, she plays mostly black audiences, trying to link its ideas when all these people want to be "Shashonna," a stripper like Madonna. Even so, since Shashonna dances to drums similar to those of "Like a Virgin", there is not much that could be said about the audience's enjoyment in the show The scene in the club during the film is dry from the bones. A funny scene to catch is a stupid man from an audience who helps Shashonni to get out of his pants. But if she goes down, Sandra is doing it with style and force, transmitting everything from her confidence to breaking the vulnerability ... to the point where she is naked (literally) accepting, and still somehow swim in the pool of her own transparent star. Her interactions with people such as Calvin Klein, Jerry Levis, Bianca Jagger, Ralph Lauren and what we think is Varren Beatty are fictional and hilarious. her most embarrassing moment, delivered a silent or mystical performance of songs by Nina Simone "Four women" when he was dressed in mufti and other African clothes, singing lines like "My skin is black," "My hair is woolly" and "called me Sweet Thing . "She rises and celebrates the ghosts of art in the underworld in the incredibly funny description of the frenetic auction fund for Andrew Warhol:" Let Andy have wisdom and sensitivity to the hours and hours of work and work that went to Indian product ... that they were so happy to cash this whole thing in Santa Fe. "<br /> <br /> She explains the excess of Hollywood, comforting troubled friend, then admonishes, saying: "Sir, in the case of Ishtar, get up right now and forever out of his life because it is too self-indulgent, even for me!" Sandra illustrates the expectations of women Dressed as a Cosmo girl, Sandra recounts her fantasy about a young girl to become an executive secretary and marry her boss. In conclusion, she concludes: "I'll never be statistics, not me. I am younger than 35 years old, and I will marry! "Sandra glorifies the opening of sexuality in society:" When does she touch you at night, do you feel good, or feel real? I say she feels real ... POSSIBLE realistically. "Finally, she cries for a change in progressive behavior. American society channeling disco giants Patrick Cowley and Silvester and proclaiming" in the end everyone will be funk ". it comes in the form of Glitz, schmaltz or wonderful cabaret performances of songs written and created by Bill Paul, Burt Bacharach, Hank Williams and Laura Niro. at the same time, idealized, fictional incarnation Sandra - her self-generated mirror image - hovering around city, a beautiful black model with liquid dresses and narrow busts em reading Kabbalah, studied chemistry and listen to music representation NVA. In "Without you I'm nothing," Sandra Bernhard explores emotions and existence which until then only played as a regular guest in the late evening with David Letterman. It certainly childrens enthusiasm for shock, exposed in the eighties, was thrown to the side in a subtle attractiveness and its confidence in the face of materialism and American star proves refreshments. This approach to comedy forever changed the direction of Sandra and marked more mature, attractive entertainer. If you love subtle humor to the point of engaging in jokes about glamor, celebrity, sex, loneliness, desperation and shallow expressions of love and kinship, this movie will keep you in the seams. Maybe it should not be funny. It may be a bit disturbing or even a maudlin for some. But think about the emptiness in the world that Sandra imagines for you, and you will realize how real it is funny and brilliant. because it's definitely more fun that way. Before you find out, you two will sell Sandru barbs and confuse everyone else.
