The title has many meanings - a boxing ring, where differences and complaints are made, a wedding ring, where Mabel feels trapped, and Jack feels his problems will end and cause the problem, a ring bracelet that Bill gives to Mabel as a sign of love. Former professional boxer, Danish Carl Brisson, got his start in Alfred Hitchcock's films in The Ring. Very young Ian Hunter, who has been working so long in movies, is playing Bob Corbie, who catches a beautiful girl, Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) at a fun fair. She is accidentally hired by "One Circle" Jack Carlson (Carl Brisson), but this does not stop her from flirting with Bob. Bob is convinced to go "one circle" with Jack. He goes in a few rounds and wins - he's a professional boxer and he and his manager came to the fair to find out if Jack was a good fighter as they heard. He offers Jack to take Jack away, along with his rude coach (big Gordon Harker) to make his fortune with plans to marry Mabel when he is good. Jack wins his fight and marries Mabel the next day, but the deep attraction she and Bob feel towards each other is still there. Jack is suspicious and puts everything in his training so he can fight Bob for his wife. Finally, a boxing film in which the hero does not go off the rails - Bob is acting and doing everything that can be a champion - just that Mabel behaved the same way !!! She left him for Bob - and the fight in the end is powerful. It's intensely realistic - it takes up the last 20 minutes of the movie. From the raw and enthusiastic, Jack is almost knocked out - then between the circles, reuniting with Mabel, gives him the courage to win. The question is why he would like to return at all - from the very beginning she did not think about starting an affair with Bob - why she would not do it again? The film is full of symbolism. Jack, handling the promoter, changes Mabel's hands by accepting a bracelet from Bob. When Jack puts a ring on a Mabel finger, Bob's bracelet goes down the line. In the end, Jack sees Mabel's reflection in the water bin and gives him the confidence to continue. This is a great movie that will not disappoint you. Highly recommended.
