Sometimes I'm dying from reading reviews of some of Hitchcock's lesser-known films, because almost everyone starts with someone who says this film is grossly overlooked whether it's a hidden Hitchcock gem or a real Hitchcock big or some other generic if - just - people - watching - it - they - see - that - it - is - big - Hitchcock - movie - just - as - much - like - Vertigo - north - end - northwest - psycho - last - window - So, if it is said, I just want to say that if - only - people - they would - they would - they - they - they - see - yes - that - it - is - big - Hitchcock - movie - just - like ... - many - as - Vertigo - North - end - Northwest - Psycho - Last - Window - etc. Now, it may be a little bit overwhelming, the ring is by no means fantasy even in the same league as any of the aforementioned movies twice, but compared to other films made by Hitchcock at the end in the twenties and early 1930s, I really think that the Ring is one of the best photographed and performed films of all of them. As an almost completely new director, there are some stunning dream sequences and brilliant assembly segments that show why Hitchcock has generated so much attention at the beginning of his career. However, the film starts with, among other things, things, a very disturbing spectacle of the stupid actor from the black circus (and I use idiots in a definite way, as Steven King often does) to throw eggs and fruits on him by the multitude of not just classical whites. I suppose this only illustrates incredibly different such circuses and people at that time, but I think it's one of the most unusual sequences in the Hitchcock movie I've seen. The main attraction for a circus is a fighter who claims to be capable of defeating every man in one round, but when he meets his sword, it is against a man who disputes his authority not only in the boxing ring, but also in the ring around his finger. So begins a fun, if not very challenging challenge for the love of a woman, who seems to move from one to the other without effort and without thinking. (spoilers) There is, for example, a scene in which her husband is watching from the top because she is late at night at home, and just before going to the building, she returns back to her car for kissing. This kiss is never explained, and there is a fact that, even at the end when it turns out faithful to your husband, or at least eventually chooses, they look in the eyes, but they do not really love each other. The film was certainly beautifully photographed, even more than a few films that Hitch released in the coming years. There is also the performance of Gordon Harker as a trainer of a circle of Jack who, in his stone expression of expressionism, very often reminds me of the splendid Buster Keaton. Hitch leaves him somewhat ambiguous, but this is an excellent sample of his early works.
