The ring is made up of the only script that Hitchcock himself wrote and deals with, like many of his earliest images, a love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a more cynical update of the comedy of morality Cecil B. De Millea, but more than that it is the first really competent Hitchcock picture. Even if he had not yet used the ideas and motives of the tense thrillers, he at least developed tools for creating tension. As a pupil of the German expressionist style, the rhythmic Edge of Sergei Eisenstein's style had his influence on Hitchcock. But here it keeps pace not only by editing, but by the content of images. This is evident from the initial footage, where the rotating fairs brilliantly establish a light pace. Like Eisenstein, the style of editing seems to suggest a sound? for example, when a bell of two bells flashes, we almost hear the sound subconsciously because the picture is so disturbing. There is also contrast, especially in silent films from the United States, in that the Ring is not cluttered with an excessive number of titles. As far as possible it is transmitted by the image, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to read his mouth or at least conclude the meaning of a large number of speech characters. And it has not been done by fictitious symbolism or exaggerated action, but everything is achieved by getting the right angles and real time measurement, especially with visual field imagery, as well as some strong but subtle performance. Unfortunately, there are several too many obvious expressionist devices (especially double exposures), many of which are unnecessary, but there is much less than they do in The Lodger. Make some honest memories. for those actors. First, amazingly handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead. In spite of his talent, at first I was a little confused because he got a role, because to be honest, he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But it only shows how much I know, because it turned out that Brisson was a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. Playing his rival is a competent Ian Hunter, who will continue to have a long career in supporting the role until the 60's. The most demanding role in the Ring must be the one given to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. She draws it out very well, however, with an emotional, underestimated performance, and the damage is that her career never lasted in the era of sound. And last, but not least, the great Gordon Harker provides comic relief in what is probably his best role. The club's battle scene Ringa is among the most striking moments of Hitchcock. Martin Scorcese may have had an eye on Ring when he directed scenes of fighting in Raging Bull, because his word for these scenes was "Stay in the ring". Fighting in the Ring begins with fairly long, long strokes, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock brings us right into the middle, with close-ups and sightings. It seems that Hitchcock's goal was to involve his audience, and that was crucial in his later career, where the secret of his success was often the entrance of spectators into the fear or paranoia of the character. The ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better-known The Lodger. It's a much smoother and more professional work than the earlier image and probably the best of all of its quiet features.
