/ * lightweight spoilers * / We came back, before the Evangelion was made, before Hideaki Anno was idol and the household name for many anime lovers, and before Gainak reached the status Fanfavorita, made by Gunbuster. With just the Vings of Honneamise of Gainac at that time, and the famous Otacon with short trousers or course, Gunbuster had some hard work to follow. It was not easier for him to choose a genre that had already been done countless times, the space opera. Fortunately, Gainak decided to put it as an OAV of six parts (directly on the video) series. This allows the series to have a larger range than would be possible if it was made into a movie. This also prevents it from getting too boring and excessively long, with lots of pointless battles and filling along the way. In addition, they tried to stay away from the tested space opera mechanics used in Macross or Gundam, and many other popular space operas. For starters, the performances begin pretty lightly, with Noriko at the Okinawa Secondary School for Mephapiloting. Noriko is the daughter of a prominent commander of a ship who died in battle when she was still a child. Because of this, her life at the academy is quite difficult, as some of her colleagues begin to suspect that Noriko are favored by the professor. The first episode is actually a comedy drama, with a very strict focus on characters and setting up a school. Things change rapidly when the danger of alien invasion is revealed, and Noriko and Kazumi (the best girl in class) are chosen to help the assembled fleet. The middle part of Gunbusters leaves our women's space, focusing on personal drama and action. Several more characters were introduced, and parts of Noric's past were recalled. In addition, an extraterrestrial threat becomes increasingly unavoidable every minute, and Gunbuster is also the ultimate hope of humanity. As smart as the author of Okada, he incorporated the principles of time dilation in order to spice things up a little. In short, time moves slower for those traveling at the speed of light. This means that Noriko can be part of a war that lasts for almost a century. Also, the dramatic aspect of this is emphasized, when Noriko sees her friends back to the base, which has grown much more than her. Science may not be perfect, but it's presented in a pretty convincing way, even with some short-played short games between episodes, where Noriko, Kazumi and their trainer give a brief description of the scientific principles used in the series. /> Animation, for the series made in the '80s, it's definitely good. The design is a retro style of the 80's of course, but it has its charm. The animation is fluid enough and the design of the characters is beautiful, although the costumes give some of the fascination that Gainak will use later in the future. Mehash during the show is also pretty cool, and Gunbuster is the ultimate killer machine, strong and huge. The last episode was completely made in black and white. Although it is generally believed (but not confirmed) that this is done for budget reasons, the series gives a totally different atmosphere, which is perfectly adapted to this second part. Music is a very typical space opera fair. Too bombastic in places, very generic, and definitely not worth the purchase. It mostly fits into a series, but sometimes it can become quite annoying. Tanaka is not really a famous composer, and the only other series he worked on is the Dragon Half. If you think anime music is 80's, you'll know what to expect. As the series progresses, the focus slowly shifts from drama to the space opera to an epic battle, but so the viewer will not notice this. Step by step the drama will be alleviated, and the battles will occupy the front row. However, none of these aspects is completely omitted. With the last episode in sight, Noriko and the team are struggling for the continued existence of the human species, and with the last battle in sight, the audience presents some questions about the position of the human race in the galaxy and how far it can guarantee self-sustainment. Until they respond to them later, they are still an interesting food for thought. The last episode is very epic, with a fine, but quite predictable ending, although not all endings should contain numerous strange turns of course. It fits into the series again. Gunbuster can sound like your average anime in the space opera at first, with alien invasions, huge battles and some personal drama, and for the most part. But this was done extremely well for the change. Instead of going for an unbroken mix of former elements, six episodes long, Gunbuster represents a change from a small drama to great epic heroism. By the way, we meet with various interesting and well-defined characters, which are changing very strongly because of the phenomenon of time dilation. The show is very well written, although it tends to break down in some points. Excessive dramatic phenomena and excessively shocking mecha attacks could easily be avoided. All in all, the journey Gunbuster takes you is very relaxed, sometimes sad, sometimes heroic. Perhaps she did not break the boundaries and boundaries of the genre of the opera, but at least bend them down. Highly favorable anime classic, but not without fault. *** / *****
