Beautifully done, and along with "New Traveling" is a great sequel! Fab to see James Cavley in the latest episode of "Vigil" Check it out! I like the growing characterization, and I think we have good replacement for TV actors in a piece produced by fans. This show has managed to conquer the feeling pretty well, as you say, to improve over the years with experience and hope with some other experience, powerful script editor, and pick-up in time and CGI that will HF become all more important than it really is! Good job for everyone interested! (I have a HUGE soft spot for Lefler & McFarland (BIG Actor), although I'm a little tired of "Lefler's Laws." PERMITTED! Shelby is great (if it's a little tense) and cool has got a boat. Komodor Ian is fin (like Fred Flintstone), but he lacks the dense position of the commander and it seems that the Doctor, Advisor and Ravlins are right in money in my eyes, such as the wondrous Necceev (what a wonderful accent - true Russian!). , I guess Rene comes from the Czech Republic.) It gives me a voice, and CGI is kevl. Some of greenscreen's obvious, but on a small budget What's his name? <br /> <br /> I'm really glad I'm und it! (OK, some of the acting are not great, but they are made by fans and therefore they are allowed to be varied - I apologize Cmm. Cole) Gay material is set up on a predebeo (Graham Norton would be a shame). Trek does not pay so much attention to heterosexual couples, so why are gay signs with all snogging? It's not necessary to show someone's sexuality to the extent of it - I hope it will suffocate and allow Astero and Zen to be non-cherished people - I do not treat other gay friends differently, they are just regular guys. Music is a mixed bag. I can tell all of his inventories Trek OST stuff and it works most of the time, but the timing can now fall and then (ending "Vorst Fears Part 2" misses the creaking, editing, likes the fact that they use "Galaki" Kuest "music! > I certainly can not wait anymore !! Dazza <br /> <br /> "Never give up, never trust!" Viva les frontieres
