In a way I consider myself the first Hidden Frontier fan, since I am among a small group of fans who actually met most of these guys - of course, not counting the convention. I'm looking at Hidden Frontier since 2001, and I must say that I'm still impressed with what these guys have come up with. The hidden boundary is the idea of ​​Rob Caves and his self-made studio, Areakt Pictures, which works outside the back of their house. Although not as a "fan" like, for example, the TOS-series Nev Voiages (which sometimes gets some of the actors / writers of the original series, such as Valter Koenig, called Mr Chekov), Rob and actors and the HF team creates a series that is worth the replacement of this terrible experiment that we called Enterprise. The most controversial and most successful story is the introduction of the first open gay character Star Trek, Corei Aster (which was introduced in the second season), and his quest for finding a soul mate. Somewhere later in the series, he met Jorian Zen, the officer of Ekselsior Trill. In recent lines, the story with these two signs (WARNING: BIG SPOILER! Do not read if you did not watch the series to this point!), Zen is connected to the Exile Symbiont, causing a major change and some conflict his relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain - since the latest episode, "Beachhead", has just been shown to HF fans in a chat room last night - I think this relationship will last, but it will only show. <br /> <br> Gene Roddenberri created Star Trek with the intention of the story to be more about his characters, not about important spatial battles. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and that's what made this series popular. As stated in the previous comment, I would like to be able to give a score of more than 10, but that will have to be enough. Although the next season will be the last - staying in the tradition of the seven season shows launched by Star Trek: The Nekt Generation - I'm ready to bet that after the final episode we will hear a lot about Hidden Frontier.
