You've just seen a mini A Perfect Spi series in one go, you can do nothing but remove a hat - a pure masterpiece, compared to the other Le Carre minis of Smiley, has quite different qualities. In the Minnie about Smiley, Alec Guiness, like Smiley, steals the show - the other actors only support him, it can be said. Here is an important ensemble and story, the main actor, who was greatly played by Peter Egan in the final episodes, is not at all charismatic. Egan just plays a guy named Magnus Pim, who is lying, being tricky and telling people what they like to hear, they all loved him big and small. The only one who seems to understand his inner self is Alek, his Czech leader. It's never better to say a machine behind a spy and / or traitor! After following his life from the earliest age, we fully understand what makes him possible to turn him into a traitor. His ability to lie and lie all is what makes him "the perfect spy," as his Czech leader calls him. And, following his life, we fully understand how difficult it is to return to the right and narrow path, after you have turned it off. He turns, even if he never gets none of it, apart from the promotion of his MI5 spyware masters. Everyone is happy, as long as the flow of false information continues! Magnus' father, beautifully played by Raia McAnallia, is not a good man, who always dreams of plans to deceive people from their money. In later years, his son must pull him out again and again. But on an example set by his father and uncle, who assumes the function of guardians when his father goes to jail and his mother is sent to asylum, Magnus quickly learns that lying is a way of survival, not truth. At first it turns out a little, but quickly learns to speak the true lies, and to be constant, without changing the stories from time to time to tell those who want to hear about themselves and their father. His Czech leader Alek, who was expertly trained by Rudiger Veigang, creates, with the help of Magnus, a network of non-existent informers who supply British MI5 with false information for years and years, as the British did with German spies who were active in the United Kingdom before and during the war - continued to send false information to Das Vaterland long after the agents themselves were converted, liquidated or simply replaced by men from MI5. Young boys who play Magnus in the younger years make it wonderful, and most of them are more charismatic than older, a little cynical, and tired, Pim, played by Egan. But you are easily buying the difference, because this is often the way we are changing through life, from enthusiasm to sadness, or indifference. It really is worth the money!
