As a fan of John John Carr, I slowly penetrated through his books and their adaptations. I found this adaptation in 1987 by Le Carre in my local library and sat down to watch how I think I would know what to expect. I was surprised when I discovered that my expectations were exceeded in this mini-series, a fine cross between a spy thriller and a human drama. . In the long tradition of Le Carre's strong main characters, Pim is probably the best. Egan plays Pima (which in fact contains many nuances of Le Carre) as a man who is forced to spend his entire life lying and betraying sometimes from circumstances and other times just to survive with the consequence of becoming a "perfect spy". Egan plays Pim to perfection as a man who is always on the run, if not from others, then by himself. Only Egan makes six hours in this miniseries worth seeing only from his performance. Surronding Egan is a fantastic auxiliary actor. Rai McAnalli gives one of his best performances as Pim's rookie father Rick who (as Le Carre said) was based on the author's own father. McAnalli plays the man who enters and leaves Pim's life and is one of those who are responsible for Pim becoming the "perfect spy". In fact, if there were no McAnalli performances a year later in A Vera British Coup, that would be the best performance of his, unfortunately, short career. The rest of the support is excellent. From Caroline John as Pim's mother to Alan Howard as his spy mentor Rudiger Veigang, while young friend Pim's turned Jane Booker as Pim's wife, support is fantastic. Particular mention should be made of three young actors who acted younger Pima (Jonathan Halei, Nicholas Halei and Benedict Tailor) who establish a young man who will become such a good player Peter Egan. The values ​​of the miniseries production are also strong. While the adaptations of the miniskirt Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spi and Smilei's People proved that these stories can only be apologized in the miniseries format. The locations are excellent from locations in English to those scattered across Eastern Europe and the United States, as well as Chris Edwards's sets. The cinema of Elmer Cossey adds an extra layer of realism to the world of miniseries. Nevertheless, the climax of the miniseries is indeed a scenario. The scriptwriter Arthur Hopcraft has excellently accessed the adjustment of six hundred new pages. Roman was largely (at least in the early part) autobiographical, because Pim's early life echoed many lives of John Le Kare. The scenario for this miniseries is no exception because it tracks the development of Magnus Pima from a young man to a "perfect spy". Miniseries never deviates from the purpose of telling fine human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If ever there is evidence that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without any fight with a pistol, fights with a fist or the pursuit of James Bond, that would be evidence. While the minisery is six o'clock in the long run, it never spends a moment, and it's all better for it. Although it may be for some too large number for those who do not have a very short range of attention, here it must be seen. From the performances of Peter Egan and Rai McAnalli to fine production values ​​and fine literary scenario The Perfect Spy is one of the best mini-series to be expected. It's a fascinating journey through the history of the Cold War, but that's more than that. It is also a journey through what John Le Cara called a "secret way": the path of a spy is a man who must lie and betray to survive. No matter how human drama as a spy thriller, the Perfect Spy does not miss.
