It's been a long time since I saw this mini-series and I'm glad to say that his memorable merits endured a test of time. Most components of 'Perfect Spy', adaptations of LeCarre's most beautiful novel, in my opinion, are top-notch. Extraordinary aspects of this are music score and master script, written by Arthur Hopcraft, who I also believe is a scriptwriter for Tinker Tailor Soldier Spi with Alec Guinness a few years earlier. Actors are generally very good, some top-notch, such as Jack Brotherhood Alan Howard and Ricky Pim Raio McAnally. Peter Egan is fascinating to watch because his face changes with every corner of the camera. The passage of time and effects on the physical appearance of characters is very likely done. So much so I wondered how much Peter Egan was old at the time of the shooting. The only quake comes after the image of Magnus Pima was transferred from a very capable hand to a young actor named Benedict Taylor, in that apparently too old Peter Egan, just fresh from Oxford. But this is a minor and unimportant seam in its entirety. Egan has the difficulty of being convincing only when the text becomes melodramatic and he has to be "upset" emotionally, i.e. None of the actors has a very easy time with these moments, except for the wonderful Frances Tomelti who plays Peggi Ventvorth for everything worthwhile and removes the episode with ease. Jane Booker is boring as Marie Pim. She has a part of the character under the skin, but often shows an amateurish duplicity that diminishes as a difficult diplomatic housewife, which is Marie Pim. Rudiger Veigang is brilliant as Akel, funny, ironic and brilliant. At the same time, I enjoyed Sarah Badel camp as a baroness. The British view of the Americans is vividly displayed in some dry hilarious scenes. When Jenkini came to join Bo Boramel (chief MI6), the US contingent was shown as empty dumbbells that seem to have remembered many long words from the Dictionary and spiced up with American jargon and psyche, much to the confused Englishman. Humor and sadness are subtly fitted. LeCarre has a sense of mixing different elements in his stories, and Hopcraft brilliantly captured the melancholy, but memorable, atmosphere of the original. It's not the perfect production (what is it?) And yet the best of LeCarre's adaptation for film or television recording to date. It is recommended to all fans of the spy thriller, especially fans of LeCarre. DVD available from Acorn.
