This is my second time for Perfect Spi. I watched him 2 or 3 years ago and I liked him. I like more. It's natural to compare it with Beeb's second big Le Carre series, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spi. Tinker Tailor focuses on the game of "spy"; Perfect Spi gives us another axis - what a person is a spy. There are many topics shared by these films, along with others in the genre. Ambiguity - moral, sexual, interpersonal - that creates a multi-dimensional space of true and false, inside and outside, love against responsibility. In a way, these characters are the happiest when treating them the most modestly of those they love and respect - "dropped" in various shades. The subject of fathers and paternal figures is also important. One of the most intriguing characters in A Perfect Spi is Rick, the main character of Magnus, perhaps the eratz father. Through the story, it is issued and issued. A magician who always manages to climb up the ladder when it is crushed, which seems to be impenetrable for what others think of him, asks Magnus every time they meet: "Do you love your old man?" and never, "Do you love me?" Maybe it's written somewhere else, but the Perfect Spy is a love story. The second theme is about malignancy. The nature of the job is that others turn - turn them against their government, against their friends and associates, turn them against their values ​​and beliefs. In each of Le Carre movies I've seen, a spy that came from a cold, mirrored war, Tinker Tailor spy guy, smiley Smiley, and perfect spy, spin and turn is the foundation of the tragedy. Finally, there are not as many topics as an artistic touch - in each of these movies there is usually only one shot from the pistol, or perhaps two footage that supports the story. Violence, torture, cruelty are always beneath the surface. We see their results not as streams of blood or moist prison cells, but in objects to which Le Carre's characters hold while they inevitably enters the swamp. If you have not seen the movies above, and you enjoy the perfect spy, you are for enjoyment. I would also recommend a series of Sandbagger (Iorkshire TV), in which Season 2 and 3 begin to reach the level of this type of complexity. The IPCRESS file and burial in Berlin are nice, though light. For political intrigues, try with the "Very British Reversal", the Home Card and Yes, the Minister / Yes, the Prime Minister. If only Brits set a hand to make The Three Kingdoms - it would be a movie with intrigue and complexity.
