One of the best Tarzan films is also one of the most powerful (and graphic). Pick up a year after the Tarzan monkey man, Nil Hamilton Holt asked a wealthy friend to fund safaris back to the cemetery of elephants for the collection of ivory. His friend arrives and wears dresses and perfumes that Holt hopes to use to receive the Tarzan Prize. Before leaving, Holt finds his card stolen and becomes a crazy race to try to catch a competing expedition. When they finally take the thieves, they find the whole party dead and surround themselves. They have no choice but to get out and soon discover that they are from the pan and enter the fire. In the end, Tarzan and Jane appear and everyone is on even more adventures. The notorious film was highly censored in order to reduce graphic violence (its graphics even according to today's standards, it would probably get PG 13) and remove all nakedness marks (there are several minutes long bare scene a swim that includes Jane that is completely frontal in her nakedness has only recently been restored). Quite clearly looks at the updated version, which is why this film has been reduced for 20 minutes during TV. In its updated version, this is an adult movie that is romantic, touching, full of action and everything else the movie should be. It's an incredible movie of almost every standard. Best of all, it's a kind of movie that plays well and as a stand-alone adventure, it does not need the first movie to enjoy it, but also a movie that deepens the characters and themes that are set in that original movie. It's an amazing thing. I really like this movie very much. If there are any flaws in the film, maybe the film has grown well. The last screen is often very obvious, there are gorillas for many monkeys, and some of the other effects are more weird than convincing. However, at almost every other level, this film is top-notch. You really owe it to yourself to see it. Make a big bowl of popcorn and slip on the couch and let yourself go back to a simpler time. This is one of the great adventures.
