Tarzan and his friend (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I did not see when I was a kid. It sounded boring. I saw him now. I saw monkeys (1932) about a hundred times and kept a copy on my vehicle. It's an amazing movie. It's almost impeccable. Tarzan and his friend (1934), however, stumbled. It's not harmonious and its parts tend to live there. Parts themselves are often very good and action sequences are large. Big budget set. Tarzan plays herself. Jane dominates. It developed and became a jungle girl so sexy that I tend to forget about criticism and instead sing her praise. Okay. She let the deception be a fool that kissed her kiss, and later killed the elephant. She insists that Tarzan bears the bracelet that belonged to her father. Forever. The thing would have split up for a moment when he went to his jungle jobs. Stupid? Later, someone found him in the river. Well, that should confirm that Tarzan is dead. Make a cheap drama. Crocodiles who have an obvious interest in the dead Tarzan, convince Jane that he has gone. She takes their words for granted and wants to take them (in England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how tough Tarzan is, how hard it is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane goes together. Again holes. She could easily make a break for a few hours or more, to take a few things and to forgive her from the jungle and her dead husband. She could be smart. She could dive where they found a floating bracelet, checked the banks on traces. He can shoot in 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Collecting traces should not be too difficult for Jane Jungle. She could talk to the monkeys, and so on. If she returns home to England without having done so, she will become poor. Jane is smart, but a cheap drama is down. And why, for God's sake, she let kisses get away with "guilty as much as you". Penalty because you may be light? Nonsense. The struggle, the heavy slap and telling Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This film is far from bad even if the holes are many and sometimes deep. Just tilt and enjoy. These are Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
