It's probably hard to believe, but this film has been dismissed as immoral from more pulpit than any other film produced before the introduction of the bluenose Haies code. Yes, indeed, the priests actually told their flocks that anyone who went to see this film committed a death sin. I do not fabricate this. They had several reasons: <br /> <br /> Item: Jane loves sex. She and Tarzan showed that they woke up one morning in their shelter. She stretches sensuously and, with a cocktail look, says, "Tarzan, you were a bad boy!" So they did not just have sex, they had sex. A few years later, according to Hais Code, people (especially women) should not have been shown to enjoy sex. Item: Jane prefers harmless, wise and resourceful, savage (Tarzan) civilized, respectable man from nine to five (Holt). When Holt at first took her beautiful dress from London, she withdrew a little; when Holt tries to kill Tarzan, and Holt and Jane believe that she is dead, she is much shaken. But when she realizes that her man is very alive, the attractions of civilization disappear. And why not? Tarzan and Jane's attitude is equal: He has no "civilized" uncertainty that would force him to confirm himself as "the head of his wife." For lifting, he misses many more "civilized" interruptions, such as jealousy. When Holt and his friend arrive, Tarzan welcomes them warmly, knowing perfectly well that Holt Jane's old flame. When Holt descended into a London dress and danced slowly with her to a portable phonograph, Tarzan dropped out of the tree and pulled out a knife. Jealous? Nope. He's just cautious about the weird music machine, because he has never seen before. When he is explained, he is cool. Item: Civilized Holt is dirty. Savage Tarzan is innocent sexy. As Jane enters Holt's tent, Holt looks at her silhouette as she turns into an elegant dress. On the contrary, after Tarzan takes off the dress gently, she hits the swimming hole and dives behind her, followed by the most attractive erotic scores of the scene in the entire cinema: the couple spends five minutes in a lovely ballet on the water. shot in three versions - dressed, hot and naked - the scene was cut before the movie was released, but the current version has been restored in a video that is now available.) And when Jane and Cheetah appear, the chimp steals her dress just for Jane clearly explains that her irritation just because of the proximity of "civilized" men and their denials. Where is "universal pride" so dear to the hearts of the gods? There, there it is. Another reason he was hanged watched this movie as sinful. Item: The idea that man is the crown of creation, and the animals are there only for human use and comfort, takes a heavy beating. Holt and his friend want to be led to an "elephant cemetery" so they can pick up the ivory and take her home. They want Tarzan to lead them to the cemetery. You, the reader, are thinking "Fat Chance!" and you're right. He's shocked. He exclaims: "Elephants sleep!" which explains everything to him. Jane explains Tarzan's feelings, which the two "gentlemen" consider ridiculous. Item: Jane, a former civilized woman, is far more resourceful than the two civilized men she is following. Holt and his friend hit him, and they are surrounded by enemy tribes and wild animals. Jane is the one who keeps his cool. While the boys of panic, she takes responsibility, bows orders and gives them guns. Point: Jane's costume is some kind of poncho, without any beneath. (The original idea was to be toples, with a leaf that artfully blocked nipples, which is really the case in a short scene.) In the end, several men from the fabric complained that the film was called "Tarzan and his Mate" not "Tarzan and his wife". No comments! Naturally, Tarzan, whose masters fertilized back to health, rescues, flees hunters to white and urges elephants and African carriers to return to the ivory. They stole the sacred place from where it came from. The end. Here it is. A completely subversive film. Like all other films about complex and interesting women (see, for example, Situated with Rita Haivorth and Raimond Massei) who made such a fluid genre in the early 30s and brought to such an abrupt end by adopting the Hais Code. Joie de vivre of this film is best viewed in Jane's soprano version of the famous Tarzan. A nice touch, which is unfortunately abandoned in future productions. To hear about artistic freedom, feminist Jane and sex.
