One year after losing the beautiful Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) to admiring Tarzan rivals, hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle to get another bash in winning the heart of a brunette. By mixing the work with pleasure, he also plans to grab ivory from an elephant cemetery lying behind the slope of Mutya, Tarzan's soil. Accompanied by her slick, feminine friend Martin Arlington and a group of consumers Carriers, Harry finally arrives at his destination (he narrowly escaped death in the hands of wild natives and monkeys) only to discover that Jane is still in love in your muscular jodel, and worse, that Tarzan refuses to allow hunters Take any ivory from the cemetery. By continuing Arlington, he decides to settle things by sitting and killing the monkey monkey, and then tells Jane and Holt that Tarzan attacked and ate the crocodile. Of course, Tarzan is not dead only wounded; after Cheetah (!) returned to health, he returns to action just in time to save Jane from a tribe of evil savages who ate lions who attacked Holt's expedition. Tarzan and his friend, another movie that plays Veismuller as a jungle of a few words, often cite fans as the best in the series; although I prefer the original, I can definitely understand the popularity of the film: it's fucking sexy and there are some great action sequences! Unbreakable chemistry between Veismuller and O'Sullivan is incredible and leads to some rather volatile scenes, and with both stars wearing eensi-veensi clothes, there are many sweets for viewers of both sexes to enjoy (in spite of O'Sullivan the underwater goal of a scene that actually performs double the body, a lovely girl still shows a lot of skin, even threatening to make "Sharon Stone" at one point while the fabric on her back closes to one side!). The most exciting moments of the film come in the form of a wonderful underwater fight between Tarzan and Crocodile, and the spectacular finale in which Jane attacks the lions and the natives, but rescue her beau, his monkey friends and a bunch of elephants in a full lava regime Once again, violence is sometimes surprisingly nasty, although, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing as shocking as wicked pigmeys and their gorilla pit from the first movie). The cheetah also has its great excitement, avoiding rhinoceros, crocodiles and large cats, riding on Tarzan's back as it passes through the river, and even jumping on the nose to ride. Like a predecessor, Tarzan and his brother are suffering from some of the bad effects and untrustworthy props, a few funny monkey suits, more Indian elephants that are being dressed up in their African cousins ​​and poorly hidden trapezoidal swings? This very entertaining movie. If nothing else, make it even more fun! 8.5 out of 10, rounded to 9 for IMDb.
