I have a whole Veissmuller Tarzan series on a DVD (completely revamped editions) and I never dying to watch them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his friend", who were completely (almost completely) dressed from the costumes Maureen O'Sullivan and the occasional flashes of her genital area beneath the leather flap hanging forward. Before anyone claims that A - it was not her, or B - it was not exactly what it looked like, let me say that I watched it many times, in a big zoom regime, and believe me ... And she is completely naked under this costume ... several times, especially during the lion's attack at the end, careful viewing in the slowed-down footage and the maximum zoom reveals that it was shaved apart from the small spot of dark hair that covered her lips ... There are no mistakes at all. As for the swimsuit scene as a double body in the "leather" suit, yes, it's double, but it does not carry any "leather" clothes or anything else ... again, slow motion capture and maximum zoom displays all those who want it see. Now, that controversy from the road, let's get to the real movie ... I thought the script was very well thought out and written ... Action sequences are just great, although it's obvious that the stuntman riding a rhinestone, Veissmuller is actually struggling with a big male lion ... The use of background images that were the second unit from Africa is very well integrated with studio and US locations, which is sometimes difficult to say what it is. Do not complain too much, remember that 90% of all films are fake, so just relax and enjoy the damn thing with a large bowl of popcorn, cold beer and fresh packing ... sexy and beloved girl / wife is not out of line ... lol . Oh ... Another word about nakedness ... at the very beginning, while white hunters speak dialogue, keep your eyes on background add-ons ... there are some good shots of naked African girls (apparently taken on location) behind them. One more thing, the film is not racist by the standards from the 1930s to the 1960s ... it's the way people used to paint and show it at that time. At that time, they did not even think about Shaft, nor did the audience accept any other images of them in history. Safari actually used the natives who carried luggage on their heads ... and Tina's character died with heroic deaths trying to save white hunters and Jane. In fact, only when Gene Autry treated Americans and colorful people in his Westerns as real human beings, Hollivood began to see that it was all right.
