"Tarzan and his Mate", the second of Tarzan's MGM images, takes over a year after the "Tarzan the Ape Man" event. Tarzan and Jane happily live in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the expeditors in the first movie) returns, this time accompanied by a small, honorable Martin Arlington, in search of a ivory cemetery. Of course, there are various dangerous and exciting adventures on the road. The first film is all romanticized - jungle, adventure, romance itself, wildlife, and even death. The second film still has a lot of romanticism and many wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone supports the action. The characters dare to ask questions such as: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she was stranded in the middle of the jungle and had to fight for herself? Although these are probably the questions that real people put in this situation, it creates a certain amount of gloom that is not always as fun as the original answer to the throw-caution-wind. One of the most interesting aspects of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's connection. Tarzan still speaks a very broken English, but he clearly learned a few new words from his partner. In addition, their love for others has really blossomed, and we feel like they actually spent a year together in the jungle. Most people consider "Tarzan and his Mate" superior to the original "Tarzan. Ape Man". I personally liked my first film just a little bit better. The main reason is that the relationship between the Harry Holt & Martin Arlington team is not nearly the same as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Карактер г. Arlington could have worked as an excellent film villain, but he plays the hero too in the movie. The film can never decide whether we love it or hate it. (Also, I do not want to give anything, but in one of the scenes to hate him, Jane never finds out about those events, so the end is not as satisfying as it could be). All of these critics are relatively small, but they're still an excellent movie. Like the first film, "Tarzan and his Mate" have amazing action scenes, beautiful wildlife images and one of the screens. greatest romance. If you liked the first movie in the series, this is definitely a sequel.
