This fantastic-oriented fantasy is the second in the popular Tarzan series released by MGM. This is a first-class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - a fine photo, strong imaginative qualities, a wonderful movie, a good simulated jungle and a very exciting story. Johnny Veissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-sillabic untutored variety unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs' creation; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very brave, and should be during this story. As Jane Parker, his wife, Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and vibrant, as well as athletic in which the script calls for this quality. The effect of lighting, spacious and smart sets is quite unusual. This is an open-air adventure that was filmed on the MGM's back-lot that really works. The incredible Mutir Escarpment is a remote location that allows Tarzan and Jane to live unhindered; but in their idyll come the people who are looking for them, the emigrants of the civilization that Jane left behind and to which Tarzan could not be comfortably accustomed. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who is trying with her friend to return to civilization with him; Dresses and perfumes are interesting, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her from a few wild animals, in scenes that look like a humanized king of the king. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees that Jane is a little catching a big game; but at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and the acquisition of wealth turns the mind of the expedition into mind. Tarzan is shot, left dead; and the group made Jane follow them on the expedition as they followed the dying elephant to the incredible "Elephant cemetery". But they find an area that keeps wild tribes and attacks them with lions. Tarzan is riding an elephant he has alive in time to call; in the most spectacular scene filled with elephants, he rescues Jane and what is left of the expedition, returning home a little richer, but much wiser, while Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was directed by the set design wizard Cedric Gibbons, and it was very nice. His work and lighting are the exceptional achievements of this entertaining and exciting movie, which manages to look real, despite all Hollywood flaws from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after it is discovered to be completely bad. Forrester Harvei and Nathan Curri round up a small acting team professionally. An unusual and well-realized fantastic movie with interesting situations and some strong dialogues. Recommended.
