This was the second in a series of six "classic Tarzan" films in which Johnny Veismuller is in the lead and Maureen O'Sullivan as Jane. As usual, this was a wonderful movie in this series; and may be pointed out as "between" a progressive film that could almost illustrate the development of the film from the early 1930s to the 1940s. As such, he showed a good pace, but not as good as subsequent films. Likewise, cinema is less realized than the later Tarzan films in this series. The stocks I saw were uneven qualities, with some graceful landscapes and some under-exposed and pre-exposed scenes. There is a lack of a clear overview of Tarzan's later films. On the other hand, there is one scene, very early, in which the nasty movements of the camera with leaves that float in front of him as the camera moves backward, showing the safaris to men moving forward in the jungle, were almost almost modern in their style, and strongly is in contrast with the stationary recordings that make up the rest of the film. As for the plot, an interesting feature was Jane's closeness and incompetence when she was subjected to Martin's flirtations. Kiss ?? and Jane is stunned, and partly wrong, the reaction? he hinted at something from Jane that we see in the future. Compare, for example, Tarzan Finds a son! Jane's double-action campaign of Tarzan's fraud and the delivery of the Boy to his family. She later admitted to Tarzan that she had made a mistake. Here, nothing quite so explicit, but Jane is "returning" to Jane Parker from the past years, and in an almost reprimanded series of actions, separating from the evening dress brought by Martin and Harry to lure Tarzan. /> There was a whole series of views and sequences that struck me especially in this review. Firstly, the picture we get from Tarzan's domestic life is here, as later, the combination of sensual idyll with the ever-present possibility of violent death. This is to my great extent the core of the experience of Tarzan. I was really surprised by some pretty violent scenes even according to today's standards. There was a whole series of scenes that were especially pleasing to me: Tarzan led elephants to the Valley of Elephant Cemeteries; Tarzan were saved by the aquatic death by the Nile horse, and then breast-fed to the health of the apes; Cheetah will find Tarzan when Jane and other men are trapped at the foot of the slope; Cheetah crosses the river on the trunk. The last scene of the battle of savages and lions on earth and savage and monkey on the trees. Jane, showing us that he is now from Tarzan's world, quickly shows his entrepreneurial wooden structure to raise the line of fire to keep the lions on. The final scene of the scene is great: suddenly Tarzan is on the spot, throwing savages from the trees and taking control of the lions and inviting elephants to salvation! This final scream of Tarzan, triumphantly, holding happy Jane in his arms, with dancing and delighted Cheetah next to them, is an inevitable picture and a really fine summing up of the story of Tarzan and Jane. All in all, this is another wonderful classic Tarzan movie. I would recommend this film to everyone.
