The publication of TARZANA APE MAN, in 1932, caused sensation. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had a lot of similar effects, such as MATRICA, or Lord Rings, achieved, at the time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, the "noble saver" that every woman dreamed of, and every man wanted to be. The only person dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while adhering to the creative freedom of MGM, and enjoying his big commission, felt that he was "rejected" a version of his character (without plans to allow him to " MGM, realizing the value of his latest "star", knew that the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original ... a TARZAN AND ITS MATE SHIPPED! <Br /> <br /> F Ilm had an interesting story: Cedric Gibbons, the legendary art director of MGM, was instructed to study the sequel before publishing TARZANA THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had never directed before (the studio did not expect the impact of the film)., and did not think that the newcomer director would have much to say about the movie 'News' ... and they wanted their Oscar head to be satisfied.) Gibbons, a wonderfully talented and imaginative visual artist, loved freedom of pre-Code Hollywood, and decided that TARZAN AND HIS MATE "pushed the envelope" to the final gr Nice ... Tarzan and Jane were having fun swimming naked, and Jane. TOPLESS appears through most of the movies. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death in 1998, while the double was used for swimming, she believed in the studio, and made a "couple of days" of recording a sans-top ... but it became too much headache who is trying to strategically place herbs and fruits to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the movie captured those days that would be worth the fortune!) She made a scene of naked silhouettes in the tent, glaring at her breast the conclusion of her 'swimming', and dressed revised "jungle costume" which was extremely provocative, very t naked, open on the side ... and the resulting cry would help 'create' the Hais Office, and the self-censorship that MGM pulled out of Gibbs from production (the 'official' reason was his working engagement as art director), and veteran Jack Convai was listed as the new director, to calm critics ... although James C. McKai actually directed the film, because Convai was busy on three more projects, at VIVA VILLA! The film incorporated the best elements of the original (safari, killer tribes, Tarzan's fights against the wild beast to death to save Jane) and actually improved storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for the Elephants' Graveiard ivory, and try to seduce Jane to return to England with gifts of silk dresses, lingerie and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Caglin (Paul Cavanagh), a crafty and striking female wizard who is keen on Holt's knightly search for Jane, and is caught up in a potential 'conquest' in order to have it in any way (including killing Tarzan if and when he can to get out without seeing him). Tarzan barely tolerates the incursion into his happy life with Jane, and he lowers his legs, refusing to allow hunters to enter the cemetery. Arlington finds his opportunity, grasping the monkey himself, and firing at him, and then returning to the camp with a fictitious story of his death. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and can lead them to the cemetery, before her long trip to England, comforting so encouraging Arlington. But savage tribes and terrible torture await a group ... Can Tarzan, if he returns to health with his monkey "family," recover in time to save Jane? While the tapes from the fund are again intensively used, racial stereotypes of the thirties are obvious, and gorillas are obviously actors in monkey suits, TARZAN AND HIS MATE achieve a level of sophistication unparalleled in any other Tarzan's film, as well as sexiness that even Bo Derek is obviously erotic TARZAN, APE MAN could not touch. Johnny Veissmuller was in a state of mind, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was never prettier, and 'Africa' never looked more romantic and dangerous. Tarzan and his companion was a triumph (although it would have been drastically edited for many years), and remains a classic series, to date!
