The murder of Ruth Snider - Judd Grey in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway game called Machinal. Even more famous is that he inspired James M. Caina wrote two short novels that anyone who arrived to the point where they read this review were familiar with - Double Damage and Poštar always rings twice. Both became classic classic noir classic from the 1940s, Double Indemnity is undoubtedly the most perfect noir ever made. Some of the real elements of the Snider-Grai story were captured by Cain - the age and indifference of Albert Grey, Ruth's high sexual instinct, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair and complicity in murder, and that familiar clause providing double compensation. Missing elements include the fact that the actual setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snider was a reputable newspaper editor. Numerous incompetent and unsuccessful attempts have also been ignored in order to move on the pursuit. Cain's two-fold indemnification was perfectly shot by Billy Wilder - we ignored Stanley's funny wig as one of those interesting crash disasters! However, Postman always rings twice and was shot three times, and Ossessione, the Italian version and Luchin Visconti's first film, was the first of three. Before I comment, I recommend the version of Lane Turner - John Garfield from 1946 in total and five minutes in 1981. Jack Nicholson - version of Jessica Lange for a great scene of sex on a dining table. Ossessione is not as much noirish as The Postman Alvais Rings Tvs. It has a strong neo-realistic look that makes it an excellent movie, but it lacks many essential noir elements. He has no illumination and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard cooked and the film is more concentrated on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and enters deep into characterization. It's also much more sexual than the version of Lane Turner. We have a very obvious attitude of the adulterer, and Giovanne is obviously a nymphomaniac. The story introduces a new character - La Spagnola - with a very obvious homosexual tone. There is also a small but very well-played role for a dancer who wanders as a prostitute. This is a far greater study of the working class than about crime. The audience really gets a sense of poverty and dirt. The rogue is a complete rogue, the wife is not Lana Turner and maybe she was even a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think casting was great for this movie. My only beef is with a long time. Everything was exhausted for too long and it would be more efficient to make it more economical. However, lovers of noir and realism will definitely love Ossession, like me.
