With Iphigenia, Mikhailo Cacoiannis is perhaps the first film director to have successfully brought into being an ancient Greek theater. His own scenario, the adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, was far from simple, compared to other trilogy films he directed. The story is very carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and set in a logical, strictly chronological framework, better adapted to the modern methods of cinematic storytelling. In his film, Cacoiannis added some characters that do not appear in the Euripides tragedy: Odyssey, Kalchas, and the army. This was done to make some of the Euripides' views on the war, the Church and the Government clearer. Finally, Cacoiannis's "Iphigenia ending is somewhat ambiguous when compared with Euripides." The film was filmed at Aulis. Director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a solid but beautiful Greece, where, from Homer's day, it seems that time has stopped. It uses the body, arid soil, ruins, intense light and darkness. The sharpness of the landscape fits into the souls of the characters. The camera uses a full range of available images, from a very long, enhancing the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the included human scale, to the ultimate close-up plans, dissecting and examining deep into the soul of tortured characters. In particular, the opening of the film, with a shift, accelerated recording along the line of cork boats, accompanied by an aerial view of thousands of soldiers lazily laying on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating Agamemnon's terrible political and military Responsibility. None of the words except "exalted" can describe the stunning performances of Costa Agassa, Agamemnona, Irene Papas (Clitemnestra) and Tatiana Pamamosa (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas embody the excellence of classical Greek tragedy. Kazakos character is extremely grounded, and his powerful look in the camera, more than his words, reveals an incredible torment that consumes his soul. Irene Papas is a modern quintessence of classical Greek drama. In Iphigenia, she is terrible in her pain, and even more so because we know her will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on canvas, is remarkable in her portrayal of the innocent Iphigenia, which is contrary to Kazakos' strict display of her father, Agamemnon. Cacoiannis is loyal to Euripides in his presentation. Other characters: Odyssey is a cunning, cunning politician, Achilles, futile, narcissistic warrior, Menalay is focused on himself, obsessed with his own glory, eager to get revenge, and his wife and property back. Carries and sets are real: there is no Hollywood. Agamemnon's chambers are reminiscent of a stable, he dresses, like the others, in an utilitarian, hand-woven, simple uniform. The Royal Caravan Class Clitemnestra is made of roughly carved wooden cars. The music is the fruitful composer of contemporary music Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis' score intensifies dramatic and cinematographic reenactment, reflects the psychological aspect of tragedy, emphasizes its dimensions and actuality. This film and narrative story offer a significant insight into the lost world of ancient Greek thought that was true for so many of our modern civilizations. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides raises the question of the value of war and patriotism when measured against the simple virtues of family and love and reflects on the vulnerable position of the woman in the world of male violence. In his adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, Cacoiannis returns all these topics in a modern, clear and dramatic way. Relationships that govern political machinations are clearly shown: the war corrupts and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither an individual nor a group can function normally anymore. With the possible exception of Menelaj, whose honor is frustrated by the escape of her own wife and her lover, everyone else has their own private motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odysseus) or glory (Achilles). And so Helen in the right way became VMD Trojan War. The war, devoid of all Homeric glamor and religious sanctions, was only an imperialist undertaking, stimulated primarily by the desire for material gain, everything else that was a suitable excuse. Another conflict from the film is that between the church and the state. Kalhas, who represents the Church, feeling challenged by his priestly authority and seeking to destroy Agamemnon because of the insult of the God she serves, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. When consenting to the sacrifice, the king approaches his moral abolition, but he refuses, loses his power over the masses (his army), whose religion is brainwashed. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must go along with the charade whether he honestly believes in Gods or not, until he understands, too late, to get caught up in committing despair of a worthy murderer. Is it a victim or murder, and how can we say the difference between the two of them? Focusing on the violent and primitive horror of the human sacrifice - and, worst of all, the sacrifice of one's own child - Euripides / Cacoiannis creates a drama that is at the same time deeply political and troublesome. It touches upon the most complex and delicate ethical problem that every society faces: a terrible conflict between the needs of the individual and the needs of society. In the case of Ifiginia, however, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, he is asked to kill his child by his own hand. What kind of God would insist on such a payment? Can it be just or morally, even if it is inspired by the divine? Finally, does the sacrificial death of a daughter differ from the death of all sons and daughters who are sent to war? These are many deep questions that appear in a two-hour movie.
