Well, I heard from somewhere that Ossession is the predecessor of the Italian film genre, and especially my favorite, 'Giallo' ... but in fact, apart from the fact that this is a thriller made in Italy; they have nothing to do with them. In the sixties and seventies of the last century, Italian filmmakers would gain a reputation to cast off almost every successful American film that was released. They did not do it here, but Ossession follows almost the same story as the later American film 'The Postman always bells twice,' without the author of the book, James M. Cain, so honored! In any case, the action focuses on Gina Costa, a handsome fool who accidentally comes across a cafe run by a woman named Giovanna Bragana. She soon finds out she is married to Giuseppe; a big fat, unpleasant man whom Giovanna can not bear to even touch. She wants them to escape together, but she's not so interested in that idea. However, the fate ends with intervention and her plan to kill her husband is successful ... In spite of the fact that the film loses some credibility because it does not recognize the author whose story is based, it must be said that the director Luchino Visconti well implements the film noir style and in some ways even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the larger American noir classics. The story, as you would expect, is extremely strong and Visconti manages to make good performances from its acting team. However, Visconti dragged the movie a bit too much, and running for almost 135 minutes, I felt the story was too thin to guarantee this length. I almost feel guilty of equating all these criticisms to Ossession because it's a good movie, but it's not a 'big' movie. The relationship between the two central characters has never really been properly researched, and it seems that the film is sharper to turn us away from him, not letting us into the heads of characters. There is not much mystery to plot, because we always know what's going on, and we do not always focus on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. However, this is interesting viewing and comes recommended for this reason ... although it's not as good as a version from the same classic from James Cain of 1946.
