This film is a broken novel by James Cain, POSTMAN UVER RINGS TVS. Obviously, the director and producer never made any effort to pay the rights to this story - maybe the fact that we were in the middle of a fight against Italians in World War II could explain their forgetfulness of copyright considerations! Nevertheless, the film is not just an Italian version of the Hollywood film. In a way, this is much better and in other ways, definitely not. Three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people. In fact, the lovers of the male and female sex are slightly slim. The male trail is quite ordinary, except for his lavish hair on his body (especially on his back and shoulders) and his lady loves, frankly speaking, unattractive. They are very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the unhappy husband is really, really obese and loves to walk around without a shirt - and his colleague in the American film, Cecil Kellavai definitely looked better (and probably looks better than the other two Italian waters, in fact). And this unattractiveness is generally the reason I loved the Italian movie - since I could not imagine a finely crafted "bowl" like Lana Turner amidst no marriage to Kellavaia - I'm 100% sure I would have dozens of better deals! However, the Italian wife might not have been able to do much better, and that made marriage truly credible. Part of the faithfulness of Italian film comes from the dull way of dealing with sex. A streamlined American film is trying to make you believe that even though Turner and Garfield are killing Kellavaia, they actually never get sex! This is pretty stupid and completely unrealistic. In addition to the optional sexuality of the film, it is also quite optional in displaying the hollow side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a flying tape hanging over the kitchen table, and everyone seemed to be bathing. <br /> <The movie is also pretty fast compared to the over-dramatic American film. And what you get for short is not all good. The film does not have much style and polish the American film - with grainy recordings, relatively poor orchestration and sets. It's certainly not a nice movie, but the neo-realistic style makes the film more realistic. But this can not compensate for short cuts in the plot. Many elements of the plot in the later American version are either completely disappeared or are overwhelmed. And the ending seems much less interesting than the American film - and misses the whole human dilemma when Turner and Garfield turn to each other like a rat (the best part of the American film). Which is better film? Well, a lot depends on you. As far as I'm concerned, the Varner Brothers movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (although many like this style and may not like to watch subtitles titles) - but it was a great ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - as long as the shrinking ending seemed too hasty. So, no film is really great, but I would give my answer in Italian which is a bit better. Too bad they could not merge the best elements of both films into one extraordinary movie.
