Audiences today are likely to watch a movie like Ossessione and do not think about how unprecedented it was at the time it came out. The structure of the film is indeed divorced from sweet-happy Hollywood conventions, as well as other major theater elements. It relies more on the reality display in a very dark and sober light. Films of this nature, neo-realistic films, were made to reflect the darkness that felt during the post-World War II period. Ossession is dealing with some rather provocative issues that were probably invisible on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. a shot at the site, uses natural lighting and probably unpopular actors. All of these elements have helped to transpose the issues examined in the film, bringing the following topic: Negative karmic repercussions will persecute those who deliberately act immorally. , but both carry a mentality: we are bored and we want to have fun. Gino is a wanderer; a lonely traveler who accepts life and his constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a boring housewife, trapped in a familiar marriage: she does not want to leave her home and husband, but rather she would rather stay where she is because she is safer. Gin's way of life is the ideal lifestyle Giovanna longs for; the only difference is that she is too afraid to live alone, so she falls in love with Gina: he represents everything he wants, but he does not have the courage to get it. He wants to live in a world free of monotony of life with his full wife Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The affair that arises between the two most likely left-handed audiences in the 40's feels somewhat uncomfortable. I mean, movies before the neo-realistic times have never shown such scandalous behavior on the screen before. At the very least, it was probably a little worrying. Regarding the theme, neo-realistic style helps to show negative repercussions of adulterous behavior. Precisely, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressive and ultimately dead lives. When Gino and Djovan mutually assemble to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma comes to haunt them as a plague after being done. They return home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as can be expected from a neo-realistic style). I'm not happy; they are actually more depressing. They thought they had eliminated Giovanna's husband that they would live happier lives, but they were deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanne, because she is in karmic similarity to the death of her husband. I think this is a very satisfactory end for several reasons. Here's why. Many talk about whether evil should be shown on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think that showing evil is very necessary if and only if the evil shown is not celebrated, but shows the negative consequences of the evil actions. How does the Ossession subtext be asked, is adultery and murder evil? I think the movie is eager to answer! The adulterous behavior between them reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, however, at the end of the film when it appears that they are cured of their depression and see how they interact with each other in the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is actually a facade: the car collapses from the cliff and into the river, killing Giovanne; the police arrested Gina. I think that the author's intention was to say that although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, eventually the karma will return to persecute them. I agree. I think that the two of them got what came to them because they were both incredibly selfish, always seeking instant satisfaction and were not willing to endure hardships. This was especially clear after the first sign of a difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experience in their relationship: he can not bear the pressure of life in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, leaving Giovanna and sleeping with another girl. This is typical of an insatiable, hedonistic personality. Overall, the film looked very risky for its time. The audience was, however, ready to see such a film because of the sobriety brought by the war. These pre-war, happy movies were no longer believed. The film audience was ready to watch and review heavy-featured films: they wanted to see characters whose lives were involved in the so-called 'sin' because it was a reflection of their life's problems. Ossession, therefore, acts as a great catalyst for the future of the film. Namely, for many objects of naturalism that we see today, one can say that they are influenced by the neo-realistic movement of the film.
