When people today hear about a drama from the 1940s, they usually seem to create a distance of irony, claiming it is another tracer with big stars in tragic, melancholy roles. This view, however, does not resemble neo-realistic films, especially this, directed by Count Luchin Visconti. OSSESSIONE as his debutant who was once censored and once appreciated as an almost realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and is strongly criticized by others. Contradictory opinions about the film that have appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, extremely controversial for modern times as well as for the past. At the same time, while based on James M.'s novel Caina, POSTMAN COVERED ZVONA DVA RUTA, this is one of the most prominent screen adaptations in which the director stays his style, glance, his own art. I saw a movie twice, and the other watching led me to a very detailed part of the analysis that I would like to bring below. First, Visconti film seems to touch all the psychology and actions that people can do in life, and especially those who have absorbed desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) a "bear-like-shoulder" passenger appears at the Ferrari intersection and enters the tavern. Although many people go to eat, Gino gets a little more - much more: the tireless desire of the beautiful Giovanne (Clare Calamai), a woman who is already married to an older man who manages the boat, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). ). Her body and her poem completely take away his mind from the moment of their first love, the couple are planning to free themselves from the old obstacles and build a new common life ... However, are people tied to the wrong things before their desire? Can you build love for murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does the desire lead to dangerous addiction or even obsession? Such issues intensify during the filming process, when the viewer is given insight into the characters. "We have to love each other," Giovanna replies, seems to be a cure for solemn conscience, but can a desirable love justify and cure everything? "Is not that what we both wanted," one of them says ... it does not appear to be. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if not analyzed by the intellect and the heart. Nevertheless, there is a constant provocative thought. Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that tells modern viewers: brilliant moments and amazing cinema, which goes hand in hand with unforgettable sequences and visual power. That's why the modern viewer realizes that the film was made almost 70 years ago absolutely fun to watch. They range from delicious erotic images to purely technical shots. Who can pass that moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, some kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (the perfect girl), dancer Anita and gets her ice cream. His wishes show him a completely different direction ... Are the viewers indifferent at the first Gino-Giovanne meeting? The first focus of the camera is on Giovanni's legs, which seem to be a bold desire for the love that Gino experiences. It's amazing that Gino and Giovanna left the testing room and close the shadows that direct our attention to their suspicious appearance. Third, OSSESSIONE can boast of outstanding performance both from leading and from leading. support mold. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that work in this film was one of the hardest jobs he ever did; however, what comes out is a flawless effect. He portrays a bisexual man torn up in the desires that make a crime, but can not withstand any object that reminds him of his sacrifice, which is a conscience. His bisexuality is shown through the character Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo) whom he encounters in very surprising circumstances on an Ancon train. Clara Kalamai, who played a role after the eminent Anna Magnani refused, fits very well into this role and we can argue that there is real chemistry between the pair. They are both very convincing. In addition, Juan de Langa liked Bragane: he shows an old husband, who is not kind to his wife and still crazy for high art. In some of his most interesting moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walk on empty streets and sing his favorite opera songs after a karaoke performance. All in all, we, as modern viewers capable of a critical view, must watch this film very objectively. This is certainly due to the above-mentioned aspects, but also a powerful story due to the controversies it carries; Still, is it educational? Visconti was not Felini who said he was not carrying any message for humanity. In that case, his films would only be entertaining (which, of course, is not entirely Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to pass. What did he want to say here? Is the film against a bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of people who absorb desire? The last shocking moments speak for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is truly a wonderful realistic movie, one of the best 8/10
