The grieving social situation is causing a catastrophe: the impoverished Giovanna has ended up in a gut, but she still has an ace in her sleeve: beauty and youth. Bragana, a tenant of a gas-fired petrol station, who has been working for years, picked her off the street and offered her bed and home along with her clumsy affection. But the physical contact that Giovanna is now exposed only gives her a sense of disgust, and therefore does not see the benefactor in him, but the torturer whom he must get rid of. The arrival of Gina, a young worker-migrant, finally gives her a chance. And you do not have to ask her twice: at the first meeting she gives him the feeling that he is physically desirable, and a little later he allows her to seduce without any resistance. The development partnership must comply with the strict rules that Giovanna put together. Gin's desire for freedom was suppressed, his desire to leave the place with Giovanne and start a new life away from the fat was pushed aside. Đovana aims at another goal: to kill Bragan, to inherit it and, in addition, to pay the insurance premium. In his hands, Gino degenerates into a self-sacrificing means. Completely at the mercy of this woman, he turns into a cold-blooded killer. But unlike Giovanne, he calls into question the committed crime at the moral level. It is precisely the taking of Bragan's place, which involves sleeping in a dead man's bed, causing deep depression to himself. And later, after learning about the upcoming payment of insurance money and seeming to see through a cleverly designed plan, he also performs a physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the hands of a prostitute. If Visconti's film was finished at this time, it could easily be classified as condemning the portrait of a cold, calculated and unscrupulous woman with a mild touch of social critique. But then the last sequences make this carefully constructed idea construct perish. Finally, Giovanna feels repentant about what she has done, and with the uncompromising discovery of her deepest feelings she succeeds in turning on Gina's love again. Her violent death by an absurd road accident leaves him alone helpless to the mercy of the arbitrary destiny. It also affects us, as we understand that none of the actors can be responsible for their disaster. A curse is just a state of a society that determines the path of an individual from the very beginning. <br /> <br />
