Ossessione, adjusted loosely (or if it's so loose or a close version I saw from James Caine The Postman Alvais Rings Tvets with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure) from Luchin Visconti's first director, no less emphasized is the use of mis-en- scenes, music (and diegetic and non-diegetic), and acting. I did not know what to expect Visconti to do in my access to the material, after seeing La Terra Tremu and seeing how sometimes his political motivation was sinking. But this is a completely characteristic and emotionally conceived drama, which borders with a melodrama (however, without less convention conventions), and with style on the finest path of moving motion-motion movie, Visconti creates a debut that includes, like any other neo-realistic film. Neorealism, on the other hand, can rightly be considered as an advocate (along with De Sica's Children follow us), which would be formed after the war. Although love and romance are more in play than in some of the known neo-realistic endeavors, they dealt with the bare bones of the story, and are related to other well-known themes in neorealism (death of a lower class, death) with despair.) < Apart from the story, which is as simple as described on this site, the art with which Visconti captures images, then coats them with objects (a scarf above the profile of Gina Koste) when it's wrong), shadows and darkness that go beyond many of the later scenes in film (usually via Giana and Giovanne), and the feeling of Italian streets in many exterior scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would record some of Rossellini's and Fellini's films) help to imagine the look of Ossessione, which usually moves in character, and then stops to read as many emotions on their faces, their voices and manners, and ugly, sad and gloomy and romantic. I think I was just scratching the surface of how effective it was for me to move the film, even when I was afraid of the future of the future. Two traces (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) show all convincing, true and near-operative emotions, and key supporters are also without their attributes. It is a brilliant adaptive adaptation, and points to a striking guideline for what was to come for Visconta in his career.
