Watching "Ossession" today - more than 6 decades later - it's still a strong experience, especially for those who are interested in film history and, more specifically, how Italian filmmakers have forever changed films (roughly from "Ossessione" and De Sica's " Bambini Ci "Guardano", both in 1943, up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti produces a stunning directing debut, taking (uncredited) plot "The sender always rings twice" as a guide to developing their own themes. It even drives us even today as it was before Ossessione's time. Painted in Fascist Italy during the Second World War (think about it !!), he displayed scenes and topics that caused the film to be immediately banned in theaters - and the fact that he used the plot of a well-known American novel and did not pay copyright did not help. "Ossessione" troublingly reveals the war-torn Italy (far from the idealized Italy shown in the fascist films "Telephones Bianchi"); but is also a great deal of courage in his sexual sincerity, with a gigantic piece of Gina (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Brando's Kovalsky in the "Tram called desire"), taking Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed only 5 minutes after the first encounter . We look at Calamai's glamorous, essence of alienation, and subtle but undeniable homosexual indication between Gin and Lo Spagnola (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face is unlike Pierre Clementi, whom the Nazis killed in 1945, 28 years old! ) ... in a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as rarely, if ever, was shown in Italian cinema. All copies of the Ossession were destroyed shortly after the opening - they called it scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save the printout, and when the film was re-released after the war, most critics called it the frontman of the neo-realistic movement, preceded by Rossellini's "Roma Citta Aperta" and De Sicilia "Sciuscia." Some other critics, perhaps more appropriate, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian panda "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti was Renoir's assistant), in particular "Kuai des Brumes" and "Le J Our Levee "Marcel Carne, and Julien Duvivier" Pepe le Moko. "While" Ossessione "can be neo-realistic in its visual language (a display of the war of paesean life in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty , child labor, prostitution, propaganda, cheats, etc.), the characters and themes were already highly viscountry. It was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elite than in realistic , "everyday life" characters and themes that you favor DEŠIĆ and Rossellini. In "Ossession" we already find elements of drama and tragedy that were later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (Visconti's definite deviation from neo-realistic aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his most unusual "Neo" -Realistic film, "La Terra Trem", makes his fishermen rise from everyday characters to mythological figures. "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists whose many jobs are accessing, analyzing and developing specific topics and problems over and over, from their first to last work, whether or not they the landscape, the background or the weather can change - Visconti can play with the frame, but the themes and essence of his art is, well, obsessively repetitive. "Ossessione" must not be missed: you will surely be fascinated with this revolutionary, powerful movie.
