(Some Spoilers) I did not read the novel by James M. Caina ("The Postman Rings Tweets of the Twice") on which this film was based, so I can not compare this film version with him, but I saw and I liked the American version of 1946. Better still, this gem is from Italy, which I, myself, read, 'deviated' in editing because of too open references to the fascist regime. Well, no matter what? what's left is a fine movie, apparently the forerunner of the neo-realistic movement in the film. Surely you can see why? in spite of all sharp edits, the ubiquitous sense of social and cultural as well as personal oppression, which faces the protagonists, who are therefore faced with many limitations in life, is still present. Take into account Gina, a young stray, uneducated, unemployed, and resorting to hiding, stealing and addressing people to walk through, his pair of shoes, so that they come out to be virtually useless. In Giovanni, he sees the exit, however, he should continue, because Giovanna is oppressed because of a marriage without love with an older man with some money, work (working in a trattoria for her husband, celebrating behind the bar and in kitchen), and her sex. In the past, she had limited opportunities and decided to marry the owner of the restaurant / gas station (Giuseppe Bregana, played by Juan de Landa), knowing she would not make her happy. Gina says she feels sick every time Bregana touches her. Under the pretext to help Bregani repair his car and send him to the village to buy the necessary part (which he actually took in his pocket), Gino wins Bregan's favor (promising to repair a broken water pump that symbolizes life, or lack thereof) and left alone with Giovanne. Immediately they start a heated, passionate, yet unstable love affair. Gino soon feels a dull link and feels the need to move on when Giovanna proposes to get rid of her husband. Not wanting to be part of it, Gino leaves the city with a train that can not afford it, kindly paid by another Gypsy guy named Spagnolo, a traveler traveling by train. For Gina, Spagnolo represents some kind of freedom and they become friends (Spagnolo also symbolizes Gino morality and conscience), traveling and finding work on a carnival together. Finally, Gino has a steady job. To his sadness (he had not yet taken on the affection of Giovanni), he passed a month when Bregana and his wife went to a carnival and Bregana urged Gina to return home to live again and work with them, because he was at hand < > Too weak will to resist, knowing that he will reunite him and Đovana, Gino agrees and returns to stay with the couple. After a while, she is relieved of Gina's demands to get rid of her husband. Once evil has been done, Giovanna becomes cold-blooded than ever, seems to have very little conscience, while guilt and embarrassment take Gina away because she hurt a man who never made him evil. How much does she want to leave? he is doing it again briefly, now they are inextricably linked and must face the consequences. I liked the way Spagnolo's figure returned to Gino's life to act as judge of his sins? It was very good and interesting, adding another dimension to the story. While the American version of '46. with Lana Turner and John Garfield a little losing in the hut of peripheral characters, especially police officers and lawyers, Ossession is well concentrating on the psychological effects of the crime on the lovers themselves. This gives the final outcome even more powerful, and gives a powerful statement that boosts helplessness to an inherent society in which characters have to live. Less Thought: The amount of time (hardly exists) that passes before lovers pronounce immortal love, how quickly they kill a husband (there is no first attempt as in the American version); Gin a very fast attitude towards the dancer / whore? and they quickly confess their love, and she is ready to risk a lot for the man she just met! ?? it's all unreal, is not it? I found this time frame pretty confusing? It made me think that I missed something somewhere. Otherwise, it's worth watching. Action and direction were equally good around the world. Recommended.
