Visconti's first Ossession film is an adaptation of James Cain's The Postman Alvais Rings Tvs. Now, I'm not familiar with that book or other movie versions, but I am a big fan of Cain's double compensation (much more than I am the movie version Billy Wilder, in fact). Two novels look like they must be very similar. Both include an unlawful love affair in which a hungry woman regrets the morally weak man that her husband is worthless and means evil. Giovanna, a woman in this Italian version, played by Clara Calamai very well, is not an evil that incarnates as a double-dyed wife, but looks very spoiled. Her husband (a great performance by Juan de Lande) is a bit cruel to her, but she struck me as though she was at least equally uncompromising with him. The older one is unattractive to her, so she is quite unstable. When Gino appears, a young, muscular man takes about five minutes to bring him to bed. She swelled to be with him forever, but she stuck with her husband. They fall apart initially, but when they meet again, they (apparently, although deliberately unclear) plan to kill their husband. They are successful and they are returning to their hometown to lead the bar that her husband had. Gino is very unhappy with this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he certainly does not want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship is quickly falling apart. Ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it's still taking too long. In two hours and twenty-two minutes I can not figure out how much I needed! This is partly due to the neo-realistic stylistics Visconti made in this film. It was, after all, the first film to win that label. We see many action extended as it would be in real life, without rush to the next point. I've seen many Visconti movies, and the only one I like is Rocco and his brothers (1960). His direction is as great as he ever was, with a moving camera, and editing perfectly. I also feel the need to highlight the best performance of the film, Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and occasional prostitute named Anita whom Gino meets after he begins to try to get away from Giovanna. She's in the movie only five or six minutes, and she only has a few lines. It is shocking how Viscounts and Christians can do with this character in such a short time. She is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.
