Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries. The big directors of Italy in the forties and fifties were people who understood the medium, but Luchino Visconti, the man of vision, dared to bring the film as if he had shown what he was capable of. He clearly showed his genius in early career in the film "Ossessione," a film based on James Keane's "The Postman Alvais Ring Tvice," which was later made by Hollivood, but this version is fading compared to what Visconti achieved in the film. Luchino Visconti and his collaborators on the screen included uncontrollable Alberto Moravi, a man who knew the effect of passion for human beings. The film is well preserved in DVD format that we recently watched. The film is a must for all serious film lovers, because we see that Visconti's vision translated the text into a movie that is true in a convincing way, something that the American version lacked. film, is the intensity that the director received from his key players. The magnificent Clara Calamai performs an amazing job like Diana, a woman who married an elderly man, but when Gino appears in her life, all she wants is to get rid of the kind man who gave her a chance in life. Giovanna is one of the best creations in Ms. Calamai's success in Italian cinema. The last sequence of the film shows that Ms. Calamai is the best in an ironic twist that serves as a moral redemption for the monstrous crime that has been committed. Equally great is Massimo Girotti, one of the best actors. of his generation, who appears as Gino, a rich man who awakens obsessive passion in Giovanni. Gino is the perfect man for Đovan, something that Mr. Girotti projects with such ease and sophistication that has not been leveled on the screen before. Mr. Girotti makes a man come alive in a performance that looks so easy, but with another actor it may not be so obvious. Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe, an elderly man who fell in love with Giovanne. In fact, his character is more true than his colleague in an American film, where he is seen more as a crowd. The film was beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti. They gave the film a naturalistic look that was the way Italian artists at that time were fond of. The original music score of Giuseppe Rosati is perfect. Visconti, the man who loved the opera and was one of the best directors, includes the aires of Bize and Verdi who fit well into the context of the film. "Ossessione" is a movie for treasure because I see the great Luchino Visconti at the top of its form.
