Fate / Stai Night is an animated series inspired by h-game. The producers turned it somehow and made this successful series without any h-stuff. It could not be another way, because the development of characters is excellent just as shown in this series and any change in it can only destroy perfection. (You will understand when you see all the episodes). /> <br /> Despite the relatively slow start (the producer takes time to present characters) things are accelerating rapidly and soon after the middle of a series of actions it becomes so intense that it picks you up to its headquarters. <br /> <br The theme of the series is focused on the war of the holy grandson that has been happening in the city of Fukuki for 50 years. The pilot actually begins with the end of the previous war and from there develops. Shiro was the only survivor of the fire that began during the last battle and carried out a large part of the city. He unwillingly testifies to the struggle of the two servants who move his Rei (the Holy Trademark) to invite one of the most powerful servicemen on the battlefield. , Saber. His first contact with Sabre left him stunned: "Such an immense beauty ... I was lost for words." You can not compare this series with anyone else to fully understand her plot. FSN offers much more than some good fighting for swords, good animations, spectacular lights, great soundtracks, offers excellent character and development of relationships. The changes that occur in personality characters during the event are displayed. The action reveals convincing dynamic emotional and behavioral patterns of individuals (which are not similar to the linear use of other series) that constantly shape their personality to discover, under the mask of perfection, the wrong characters. The character of the Sabre is related to the medieval legend that has been modified to suit this series and which should be accepted as such. You should not watch FSN thinking that the viewer does not represent a historical fact, just remember that this is a series of adventure / fantasy, not a documentary and enjoy as much as you can. The ending is sudden and unexpected, and if there were twice as many episodes, I would look at them in the same breath.
