I'm usually not obliged to write a review for a movie, but the only comment on this movie is so far unfair, so I think it's necessary to share your view. "Krisana" (or as it was called in the theater I saw, "Fallen") follows Matissa, a lonely Latvian archivist while trying to find out about a woman she did not try to stop from jumping from the bridge, as and its reasons for it. This is a plot in short, but this film does not deal with the story as much as it is in showing the guilt of a man who failed. As a detective who investigates the incident, he says that we do not usually worry about anonymous faces that we pass through every day to death. Comparisons with Michaelango Antonioni and his "Blovupo" will most likely be abundant in any review that you read about "Krisani". The influence of Antonioni's philosophical and strict style and the story of "Blovapu" are clear and, in fact, writer / director Fred Kelemen obviously calls for this film in scenes where Matiss is trying to meet a woman who jumped the bridge, or at least what she thinks . The only other person who shared her views on a film reduces the look and sound of the movie "Film Class Film". He or she ignores the budget constraints most likely faced by an existentialist Latvian film, but atmospheric black-and-white cinema and ambient sound are able to portray the maturity of Matissa at the artistic level. The background sound of the wind and street sounds resembles an evil aura and resembles a film about Fellini, whether it was Kelemen's intention. The film makers undoubtedly had little money, but this limitation was used for the film's advantage. "Krisana" thrives as a study of characters with enough humor that is inserted to not be too serious. It could easily fall into the traps of a mysterious story, but it avoids it and becomes an intelligent film about loneliness and guilt. If you're more concerned about the plot, this movie and its ending can frustrate you. Otherwise, take time to engage yourself. That's worth the search.
