Every child experiences a growing up of trauma, and every child's active imagination has gotten the best of them, but for Jake (Anthony De Marco from the forthcoming Clint Eastwood CHANGELING - which resembles Henri Thomas around 1982), the combination may prove to be deadly. A lonely six-year-old whose imagination casts high speed when he is thrown to learn his parents who argue with Peter (Sean Bridgers, late DEADVOOD) and Jules (Brooke Bloom, "CBS: Miami"). ) suddenly decides to divorce, leaving him on his own and releasing a new tenant? Zombie in your closet. Jake actually sows the seeds while playing with his neighbor's friend Dillon (Matthews Josten) who gives him a print on the FAK Internet: Zombies. Jake is so convinced that somebody pulled him out? and his family? he begins to make a plan of action to protect them before it is too late. Indie novice Shelli Rian ?? who wrote and directed? combines a domestic drama with accentuation of horror, but the former (wisely) goes beyond the last, with a decent story enhanced by the beautiful acting (De Marko is a rare kind of actor where DETE is not "acting" - all of his shades are very obvious from the unpleasant, shy , an introvert child that many can relate to (of course). Bridgers make his deceived husband sympathetic in the knowledge that he really loves his son until Bloom has a harder job of building sympathy as a slightly crippled mother who is quick to emotion with respect to rationality - not p It's a hue when Dillon's mother Ruth (Monette Magrath, resembling Laurent Dern) constantly keeps her implicit information that drives a wedge between Jake and his dad. Her manipulative character is pretty nice, but she proves in the revealing scene that I will not go into details, but she shows why it is as it is (and more importantly, how it influenced its own child). The sublimation camera charger is also well-occupied (many angles shown in the form of Jake's POV at the level of the waist or slightly distorted; ie. upside down from Peter, who carried his son in the same position while playing in the yard), and editing is relatively flawless. Rian has based the script based on personal experiences that have grown up, as well as on first hand testimony about friends who go through the same situation and how the effects of relationships between adults can be harmful if they cause fear, anger and stress the children. Here the film is very successful in achieving its theme. However, the terrible backgrounds are somewhat unconnected, to say that the respect for Zombie movies by George A. The romantic romer shown by Ryan (Jake's mother) sleeps in front of the TV as the NIGHT of the Anniversary of the Dead, which causes his own belief in the undead to be in their home. A metaphor of monsters that acts as a substitute for domestic violence can be a bit heavy, but again, the child's fear of something beneath his bed is universal.
