CitizenKs (1995) is the answer of a world that develops in the silence of the lamb. Where 'Silence' has terrorized our peace, the 'Citizen' is exhausting and exhausting us. This dramatization of the Chikatilo case was pretty well translated, thanks to Western friendship between two Rostov policemen who became equal. CitizenKs can also oppose (!) The death penalty is far better than Kevin Spacei's Life David Gaile (2002). People are makiavellian mammals, under which lie the limbic brains (lizard-logic). Why did two children, who knew better, stoned to the kids who had kidnapped them? Why are bloodthirsty women shouting 'li-lilyillilili' in the actions of OBSCENE terror? -My own expression for this is "limb domination", the craving-logic to dominate "the enemy". If you have the word 'enemy' / 'revenge' in your vocabulary, you are easily capable of 'limbic domination'. In the Second World War destroyed in the 1980s, Rostov (located at the mouth of the Don river near the Black Sea) did nothing to suppress Andre Chikatil's need for "limbic domination" from overcoming its layers of civilization. The lightest victims of Chikatil (Jeffrei DeMunn) were poor, mostly children, who were riding on a long-distance entertainment car because they could not afford anything else. CitizenKs reminds us that denial of the rebellious Soviet Union. The bureaucracy cost the lives of 52 such "lambs". The serial killer of Rostov was wandering almost seven years after the police arrested and released him. Politicizing the fight against crime is detrimental to police forces everywhere. While the police routinely suffer from corruption around the world, in the west, capturing votes by politicians can lead to chronic interagency rivalries, preventing a more coordinated response to crime. However, in the Soviet Union CitizenKs, the murder department of Victor Burakov (Stephen Rea) suffered from repressive bureaucracy. Jeffrey DeMan plays a psychosexual inadequate Chicheart with impeccable, but underestimated authority - a point of complete ambiguity. And in real life, Cikatilo had a lifelong experience by mingling and avoiding capture. His pursuer, on the other hand, stands out as strange birds, given by odd, naive outbursts. Perhaps by design, Steven Rea gives a very strange performance by forensic Burakov. Rein's Russian accent is impenetrable; and his Burakov is without sense of humor and slander, in conflict with everyone. So, Donald Sutherland goes with the picture. Sutherland's Col. Fetis, Burakov's boss, at first his sole adherent, is an overly restrained, patient Militiaman whose dignified carriage testifies to decades of bureaucratic machinations. His awakening as a logically guided but still passionate cop becomes the cornerstone of idealism. Joss Ackland makes another turning up as a wicked apparkatchik, Secretary of Communist ideology Bondarchuk, who oversees the investigation. Of course, he abolished the arrest of the most likely suspect, a communist, in 1984, a man who was carrying a rope and a knife in his bag, allegedly goes home: Andrej Cikatilo. He soon replaced Burakov with another Moscow officer, detective Gorbunov (John Vood), insisting that the investigation now focuses on "famous homosexuals". The funniest scene of this sad, sad movie comes during the institutionalized harassment of Bondarchuk and Gorbunov: a stupid policeman honestly reports: "As I suspect, comrade, it's blasphemy. I made some drawings - saying how laughing. > 5 years after the bodies began to accumulate, in 1987, the police finally tried to look for criminal profiles. The only Soviet Soviet psychiatrist was Dr Alexander Bukhanovski (Mak Von Sidov), who UNSUB called "CitizenKs." Later, Fetis and Burakov noticed that "... along with is a wonderful person. "We agree. The paced pace, extended for ten years, perfectly captures the institutional inertia of Glasnost -" openness "- which was not. The contrast with the perestroika - 'restructuring' - could not have been greater For this case, although Cikatilo continued to pass through the railway stations, police plans soon brought fruit. In 1990, Colonel Fetis was accelerated to the general.And his enemy, Bondarchuk, disappeared from the scene, allowing him to the investigation finally begins without political interference. Staff, communications, publicity - all of a sudden were all available. In just one phone call, Fetis got his depressive forensic man who had access to the FBI's serial killer group in Kuantica, where, Fetis discovered, staff regularly exchanged serial killings to prevent such psychological damage to investigators. /> Fetis advises his newly appointed chief of forensics, now Colonel Burakov, about all these changes in the avalanche of confessions that become a film force. Fetis is the most apologetic apology I've ever seen on the movie: "Private, I apologize to you and your wife in the deepest. I hope you'll forgive my ignorance one day, almost whispering. HBO production, CitizenKs is the highest-caliber movie. Not only exteriors look authentically gloomy (they are shot exclusively in the heaviest parts of otherwise spectacular Budapest), but also the huge soundtrack of Randy Edelman is completely irresistible - and often our only respite from brutal brutality. Those who speak Hungarian recognize many Hungarian accents and credits. Chikatil's real killings are portrayed as a gloomy, unnatural behavior that stems from a lack of character and ignorance in an equally dark world. This makes the murders look incongruous - but of course they are. As President Kennedy reminded us, "We all care for the future of our children." CitizenKs perfectly communicates that killing is far more scary and obscene than imagination imagination. Serious rapists rape to dominate; serial killers kill to dominate. Like some soldiers. Such "limbic dominators" are made by poor people. WARNING-SPOILER: ----------------------------- --------- --------- True Andrej Čikatilo was the most prolific famous serial killer in the world. He was convicted, was executed in 1992, as well as all the death sentences of the Soviet Union: one bullet in his backbone. Stupidly, such methods destroy every possibility of studying the deviant brain after death. Conclusion: ------------------------- ----------------------- ------------ The best result is always the prevention of murders, not their criminal prosecution. Executions only guarantee the failure of society to learn from the complex reality of the death of victims when we send even anecdotal evidence about HOW / WHY they died. And the killers do not learn regret if they are dead. Revenge does not destroy the victims. The bloodguilt for the killer is nothing better than counter-domination - when it's too late. Revenge in the name of mourning is not justice for the deceased - it is the reconciliation of the living. / 10)
