There I sat alone in my apartment on Saturday night with a choice of watching CITIZEN X or Eurovision, and for the benefit of Americans reading this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries all over Europe and Asia Minor have a song. At the end of the country's competition they vote to see what is the best song. It's a competition that is even less exciting than it sounds and may not be a shock when I say that singing and writing songs is not the caliber of Lenon and McCartney. And I should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word "choice" is wrong, because as a music lover, I was not under any circumstances watching TESC. So I sat down as a loan for CITIZEN Ks expecting a series of killer serial killers, but I'd foolish all of that by calling myself. This is evident in the first 10 minutes of the CITIZEN KS entry. What the film does is to point to the failures of communism: "A serial killer is another! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can exist only in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." Sitting on a frozen railroad station, taking care of potential suspects while wearing a police jacket because it is the only warm coat he has! Of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without questioning, which will affect the final number of the dead. All of this is very well done because it shows that it is a system of communist party that is at trial, but about two thirds of the times through CITIZEN Ks that we are in 1990, when communism is at its back and reform of police investigation. . At the moment, the film becomes quite uninteresting due to the lack of a political subtext and the film goes down to an average manhunt movie. But do not let that get you wrong, CITIZEN Ks is an intelligent thriller who plays the actor, especially Donald Sutherland as the chief of police in the eye. Surprisingly, a few years ago I read something written by famous actor criminologist Colin Wilson in to which he said something that serial killers were letting them capture, so that he would be the focus of attention in the media's attention, and I found myself almost sympathetic to party leaders who denied that he could be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media are controlled by the party and anyone who is old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or read the English translation of Justice, it will be known that the USSR only reported news such as potato harvest, coal and thank you from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet aid. The idea of ​​becoming a serial killer in the communist system is illogical. But I suppose that if the tree falls in a distant Siberian forest, it will continue to sound, although no one can hear it.
