All right, let's start by saying that this film is not an accurate interpretation of the crimes and legal prosecution of Andrej Čikatil. Although the Politburo may have been the "official policy" that the USSR had no serial killers, in fact, the legal system was in charge of others, and the "killer of KS" (as they called it) was already in demand when Fetis brought Burakov to the case. In fact, as soon as they realized that they had more murders in their hands, the authorities have set up a working group of dozens of police to locate and complete the murder of a man who did not fit into what is considered a normal serial killer. parameters. It is good that the director and writers consistently remind the viewer that the story is only "based on actual events", which is not documentary. *** SPOILERS FOLLOW **** But this is a good example of a fast Hollywood thriller that still goes beyond the basics of what happened. It's easy to track and have enough truth behind your version of the event to make an eye-catching look. Yes, Chikatilo raped and killed both children and adults, both men and women. Yes, poor lab work has freed him to continue killing for years. Yes, innocent people are charged with murder and "acknowledged" that they committed crimes in search of the police. Yes, the gay community was disturbed while the crimes were committed (although with Burakov's dedicated help). And yes, Chikatil was confessed not by prosecuting Special Prosecutor Gorbunov, but by a mild understanding of the psychiatrist Bukhanovsky (although Gorbunov was indeed nowhere near the egoistic martinet shown in this film). Ignoring truth and truth aside, all of these events are dramatized in a way that consistently tightens tension and fear. . The growing emotional involvement of Stephanie Rea in killing and developing expertise in detecting traces, the subversion of Donald Sutherland's manipulation of Soviet party hacks and the subtle spine that becomes apparent when needed, Jeffrey DeMunn screamed an anger of anger concealed by fears filled by Von Sid's boyish excitement which is part of a criminal investigation, is increasing the sharp dialogue and sharp editing in ways that can not be underestimated. Taken for what it is, "Citizen Ks" is almost perfect ("almost" due to a moment of self-congratulation in the end that simply does not fit). Very recommended as a well-known fiction, not the fact that it was presented ... but with regard to the drug-killer "serial killers" films that Hollivood usually spits out, that's good enough for me.
