Caution: Can contain a spoiler ... I saw this movie 3 times and liked it every time. When I see him again, I always remember how good it is. HBO TV movie - very well made as most of their films - this would lead to the Oscar for his performances that it was released for general distribution, not for TV. As I'm sure anyone knows from reading other reviews here, it's the story of a serial killer, Andrew Chichettle. He killed 56 people for 8 years in the former Soviet Union. (3 victims are buried and can not be found so that he was convicted only of 52 of 53 murders.) The story actually focuses more on forensic analysts, Viktor Burakov who played perfectly Stephen Rea. A man who is struggling and obsessed with finding this killer despite the additional obstacles that stand on the side of party hacks, his part is necessary to make sure. At the end of the film there is a very touching scene that mentions that in America, researchers routinely seize serial killers after 18 months, whether they want or not because of mental effort and frustration. According to this act, Burakov worked more than 5 years before he got his first break. He followed the case until his conclusion, three years later. In this scene, his superiors, General Fetis, played by Donald Sutherland, actually tells him to admire his commitment and apologizes for not knowing that he should have a break earlier. Rea is so good. done, he does not exaggerate, chews the scene, or does nothing that draws him away from his display of the man who hell intends to find his killer. He is a man with a passion, but does not show him in the same way as he usually appears in detective films. He only occasionally gives out failures after being quietly subjected more than most would be able to bear in such circumstances. Rea does a lot with her face, eyes, she does not have to exaggerate. He's just * - His character, so frustrated after so long, at one point, who was frustrated, he actually says he'd rather find 3 at a time than anything in a year. Of course, he does not think he wants more people to die, he just wants some clues to catch this man. Rea makes us feel for this man. He teaches us to understand, but let's see what it means to live with such horror and futility. Mutant is sure that Chiclana's childhood is what produces such "monsters". Chikatila's character was very well done by Jeffrey DeMunn. He somehow (though impossible to look) causes little sympathy for himself. Perhaps he is the worst of us that has been terribly wrong? In any case, its performance is very well made. Donald Sutherland as Colonel Fetis (later promoted to the general) also performs an excellent job. He began to look like a cynical official who does not seem much more interested in helping the investigation than anyone else who blocks Burakov. But in the end he becomes more than an assistant, he is actually actively involved in helping Burakov. Mak Von Sidov has a very nice move as a psychiatrist who came to help in profiling and discovering what kind of deviant person they are looking for. Although this film deals with morbid, grotesque and violent behavior stories, it's actually more about what it takes to catch the killer than the killer myself. Everything about a very well-made movie with fine performance and great scenarios. The script succeeds in doing what this type of film makes best: give factual events and make them meaningful within a dramatic framework that makes you feel like you know people behind the facts. 9 of 10 stars
