Bloody castle (aka Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar Blood, Ivanna - the best, but the least exploitative title of the movie, and so on) is a very traditional Gothic Romance movie. It means that there are big, creepy traps, stubborn young woman, mysterious elderly man, hints of horror and supernatural and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of this genre term. It also means that it is very conscious pacing, and that the movie will best function for the horror of the grandees who are great fans of underestimation. If you like films such as Robert Vise's The Haunting (1963), but you also have a taste for the late 1960s / early 1970s, Spanish and Italian horror, you can love both the Blood Castle and the bar. (Carlos Kuinei) lives in a large mansion on the outskirts of a traditional, indefinite European village. The locals are afraid of him because the legend says that whenever a woman lays down, she soon ends up dead - the consensus is that he sets his wild dogs on them. This is a big problem, because Baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman appeared dead and mutilated. Meanwhile, dr. Erna Schurer appeared in the center of the village, seeking to be taken to the Baron Dalmar's castle. She is out of town, hired by Baron for her expertise in chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a suspicious person (who becomes even shadowy) to take it. Once there, the strange woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivana and says she should not be there because she is a woman. Baron Dalmar is angry if he should stay. In the end it remains, but a bit reluctant. Baron hired her to try to reverse the effects of serious burns, of which Baron's brother Igor was suffering. Unfortunately, Baron's brother seems to be just a bunch of degraded meat in a barrel of bizarre, brilliant liquid. Nevertheless, Ivanna has bizarre, hallucinatory dreams. What's happening in the trap? Is the baron responsible for the crimes? Is it crazy? I wanted to love Blood Castle more than I did. As I mentioned, the film is very thoughtful in its pacing, and most of it is very underrated. I can go in any way to such material. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I am in a small minority here), but I am a big fan of the European horror of the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love the work of Dario Argenta from that period. But occasionally, Blood Castle occasionally moved too slowly for me. There are great pieces that relate to scenes of not quite exciting speech that alternate with Ivanna's scenes that slowly walk to the hallways of the castle. But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director Jose Luis Merino managed more than passing sets and locations, and Emanuele Di Cola shot quite well. However, Blood Castle feels a relatively low budget, and this is a film produced by Roger Corman (which usually means a low-budget, but often surprisingly high quality "kuickie"). So, although there is an indication of the richness of colors and complex decoration, everything is much more minimalistic. Of course, this does not help the Retromedia press I looked like looks like a 30-year-old photo that's been left in the sun for too long. It looks "washed out" with compromise contrast. However, Merino and Di Cola occasionally post fantastic pictures. For example, the scene of Ivanne walking in a darkened corridor that is taken from an exaggerated angle, and where an important element of the plot is revealed only through the shadows on the wall. There are also a couple of Ingmar Bergmaneskue recordings, in which actors are extremely blocked to imply complex relationships, except that they are visually attractive and attract the eyes deep into the frame. The performances are pretty good, and women - especially Schurer - are very attractive. Merino uses this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity. Schurer worked on several films that were equally soft corn porn as well as other genres with titles in English such as Sek Life in a Voman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for your killer (1975) and Erotic Sexual Seduction (1977). Blood Castle is much more skilful, but in addition to nudity, there are still mild scenes that indicate rape and slavery, and of course, on scenes that mix sex and death. Primary attraction, however, is probably a story, which is a much slow-burning romance like everything else. The elements of horror, elements of the mystery, and a somewhat unexpected turning point at the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story, about a couple that overcomes various difficulties and antagonisms (often with physical threats or injuries) to be together.
