I remember following the case of Andrea Chicatilla in the newspaper while I was living in South Africa. They had photographs about him sitting in a cage while being prosecuted. It is not, as it turned out, to protect members of the court, but to protect it from the public. This was fascinating, though morbid, reading. Later I heard that HBO made a film about this case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! Strange, CITIZEN X was given a limited edition in South Africa. I went to the local Ster Kinekor complex and I bought a ticket (I was alone; my girlfriend was then only interested in STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Wow! What a great movie. Why is it not published to a wider audience? If he was not made for TV, he could have received an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to break the end; the killer never retains from the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn shows a truly terrifying psychopath. He is calm, depressed, regarded as his wife's failure and undergoing constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. By doing these horrible actions, she feels strongly, strongly. The fight to capture him against all-looking pathologist Stephen Rea played in a great way, in one of his strongest appearances. He must fight against the rhythm of Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources at his disposal and (above all) the refusal of his superiors to admit that the USSR has even a serial killer. Chief General (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are "decadent, Western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help must be under the umbrella. The great Mak Von Sidov plays a Russian psychiatrist who violates the protocol and decides to help investigators in their search. This is the first time in Russian history that a psychiatrist is used to build a profile of a serial killer who is still at large, and he has everything he can lose if his participation is public. CITIZEN Ks brilliantly acted, well written both music and editing just contributed to the tension and theme of the film. Excellent support from the awfully insufficiently used Imelda Staunton and the real feeling of the upcoming breakthrough make CITIZEN Ks a movie worth seeing. This was too good for TV
