What is the best material for the best picture? The Oscars came to a lot of reels to reward excessive spectacles that have aged and ignored "authors" who will be deciphered in the coming decades. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the selection of the industry itself, and for this reason, at least in the classical era, the highest cooperation was awarded, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. Arthur The released unit at MGM has been tied up for the glory that Oscar won for several years; it was only a matter of time when Freed, with the help of his strongest director Vincent Minnelli and some of the best music stars in the business, would land on the best film. Freed probably did more to raise the status of a musical than anyone else, making pictures that ran the story and song together without losing a dynamic musical spectacle of the 30s. The point in Freed musicals is that song lyrics, unlike Hammerstein's or Lerner's, do not have to speak or even relate to stories. What is important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film. The American in Paris was the first of three free musicals (the other two in Singing) The Rain and The Band Wagon) who took the existing classical numbers from their original context and made them work in a totally unrelated story . Words do not fit into the plot, but routines match the show. So, when Gene Kelly sings "I have a finished rhythm", he still does not have a girlfriend, but the way it works with French children joining is a great characterization, and optimistic melodies and dancing give the movie a low speed. at this moment it needs to. The American in Paris also uses the breaking of rules permitted in the genre to add some unconventional flights to the fan to tell the story, such as a series of dances that follow the character description of Leslie Caron. And who is the better director for this project from Minnelli, the painter himself and the pianist? At this moment there was nobody who would have a better feeling for Technicolor. While some directors saturate each scene in one color or fill the screen with conflicting shades, Minnelli's color schemes are strictly controlled, but never forced. In the introductory scenes, the tones are rather dim, but not gray, and especially the absence of red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetter at the café, several vibrant shades were introduced. Then, during the first musical number, "Bi Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings in red spots? tablecloth, a bunch of roses? until it finally dominates, as if the song woke up color scheme of the picture. For most songs, the colors are choreographed just as intriguing as people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", he maintains the nuances the same, and instead opens space as the song inflates and the characters become more animated. Achilles' heel of the American in Paris is his story. I personally think that the romantic angle is especially unpleasant, playing as if it was the last time for the misogynistic love stories that were in the 30s; Stubborn, an independent woman is dismissed while a meek, delicate girl harassed to love the hero. Even if it does not bother you, it is difficult to connect the story with emotionally, because it is constantly shaded by songs and dances. Compare it with Singin 'in the Rain, which does not actually have as many routines or unforgettable set-pieces as an American in Paris, but has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was featured on the Oscars in 1952, but is now considered a classic genre. But I think people sometimes forget that the cinema is a comprehensive form of visual entertainment, and not just a means of telling the story. The American in Paris is not deep or attractive, but, like a certain DeMille picture that won the main prize next year, it's certainly a great performance.
