A great dance sequence of seventeen minutes of George Gershwin's orchestral piece from 1928, "The American in Paris", is an undeniable masterpiece. Choreography with the precision and unparalleled spirit of Gene Kellie, a vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still amazingly amazing, as the piece is divided into scenes inspired by selected masters - Dufi at the opening of the Place de la Concorde, Manet Flower Market, Utrillo in Paris Street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera piece, and Toulouse-Lautrec for Moulin Rouge where Kelly wears his famous white bodysuit. The 97 minutes that precede this finale are not as exciting, not long, but there are certain charms in watching the entire Oscars in 1951. Director Vincent Minnelli and scriptwriter Alan Jai Lerner created a surprisingly sophisticated, if not romantic, story focused on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who stayed in Paris after the end of the Second World War, trying to live as a painter. With his boasting style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can at the same time be appealing and irritating as a person on the screen, but he seems to find his opus as carefree Jerry. The love triangle story focuses on Jerry's co-operation with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed art patron, and a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. At his first meeting in a crowded nightclub Montmartre, Jerry fell relentlessly to Lisa, a young woman who turned out to be a bridegroom Henry, a professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's friend, Adam, a concert pianist. Romantic complications arise until the inevitable ending, but not before several classic Gershwin's songs are performed. the river Seine in a blue foggy mist with yellow fog lights. The way Kelli and Leslie Caron turn each other are transcendent while temporarily approaching each other at first glance, and then align themselves nicely with the music leading to the final clinic. Few films so elegantly and sarcastically showed that two people fall in love. "I Got Rhithm" and "S'Vonderful" Reflector Kelli is a sweeping tap-dance and pleasing singing, while "Embraceable Iou" danced impressively from Caron in the five scene setting of Henri's all-over-the-map description Lise to Adam . Designed to show the versatility of Caron's dance, the order is similar to that of "On the Tovn", where Vera-Ellen showed her significant dance skills when Kellijev naval figure described her multiple vision Miss Turnstiles. Like Lisa, Nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances top-level as a whole and manages her role with unformed charm, and her acting talent does not flourish for several years. Looking pretty glamorous, Nina Foch plays older as a manipulative Milo and manages to be nice enough to take care of her fate, while Oskar Levant is just an Andean self like Adam. By performing the elegant "I'll Build Stairs to Heaven", George Guetari plays Henry so pleased you feel bad because he loses a girl in the end. This is not the best MGM musical, but it surely has enough movie magic to make this pretty decent. 2000 DVD contains pretty intact printing, but a bit more in terms of accessories.
