If I remember, Ira Gershwin, the songwriter and brother of George, offered Gershwin's catalog for this film and produced it. In many respects, it was a typical movie musical of the 50-year Freed Unit at MGM and was directed by Vincent Minelli with great help from Gene Kelly. Gershwin were, of course, among the biggest Broadway music teams, but, in my opinion, George himself was among the greatest of all American composers, a period !!! Gene Kelly was, of course, one of the two biggest male dancers of the movie musical (One Supplement to the Other?) And I can not imagine that his throwing was suspicious. But, I think the rest of the actors need some explanation: Oscar Levant was a notable personality in his time and, as a real friend of George Gershwin, he had to be in this film. He was a talented pianist and even a moderate talented composer, as well as a notorious neurotic and hypochondriac, and here, as always, he plays himself. French "gamine" type. Talented dancer was never a real beauty. George Guetari, who plays the role of Maurice Chavalier, oops, I think Henry Baurel, was a Greek, not a Frenchman, but he is certainly more than good as a French boulevard, even if he is too young for the role. The Voice of the Gene's Voice is useful, but Guetari has much better vocal equipment. Although Gene was better thrown somewhere else, apparently, in "Singin 'in the rain," where his character is much more compassionate, even here he shows that sometimes something is heel (he was, for nothing, thrown like original heel Joei in Pal Joei, a musical on Broadway.) I was not so enchanted with his "I Got Rhithm" scene with children that does not seem as spontaneous as it was in my opinion. I also found that the figure of Milo Nine Foch is rather irritating. But the peak of the film is an apparently long ballet at the end of a film based on the title music with sets and costumes in film styles. Great French painters impressionists. It was hard for me to believe in Gene and Oscars, as artists who are struggling, and I think the music numbers are not as well placed as they could be, but, in fact, Gershwin's music is very good Served in this movie. The DVD is well done with fine clear graphics (when it's supportive) to be), and the mono sound is good, but the tiny shallow.
