The American in Paris is an integrated musical, which means that songs and dances perfectly fit into the story. The film was inspired by George Gershwin's orchestral composition from 1928. The story of the movie is sprinkled with dance numbers that stop dance choreography by Jenna Kelly and set up popular Gershwin's melodies. Songs and music include "I Got Rhithm", "S Wonderful" and "Our Love Is There To Stay". He set up a new standard for a sub-genre known as "musical with a songwriter", and dozens of Gershwin's melodies are buried in the lower line. The peak is the "American in Paris" ballet, an 18-minute dance with Kelly and Caron at Gershwin's "American in Paris", with an impressionistic period of dreams in the style of various painters. Movie. Only the ballet costs more than half a million dollars, a staggering sum at the time. It's strange to imagine that such artwork is born through a game between the pool between producer Arthur Freed (SINGIN). IN THE KIŠI, WARDROBE OF THE OZ, ON THE CITY, FIND TO THE SV. LOUIS AND BAND WAGON) and Ira Gershwin. Freed's idea was to buy a title to be used in a film about Paris and Gershwin's idea that he would only use Gershwin's music. The original actor had Cid Charisse, but she found that she was pregnant before the start of the shootings. The main reason Jenny Kelly suggested that Leslie Caron, as a female lead, was that she felt the film needed a "real" French girlfriend who played Lisa, not just an American actress. Gene Kelly discovered Leslie Caron while resting in Paris and saw how he performed at the ballet. When she got a call to audition, she said, "Who is Gene Kelly?" According to Leslie Caron, her introductory dance sequence, which included seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggestive for some censors. Gene Kelly directed the short fantasy dance sequences shown as Lise presented. Vincent Minnelli first wished Maurice Chevalier in the part of Georges Gueteri, and 'Celeste Holm' in the 'Nina Foch' section. > <br /> Minnelli was a revolutionary musical director with Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), American in Paris and The Band Wagon (1953). He used colors and songs in a way that they were not used before. He used space and time imaginatively. Best of all, however, he allowed himself to get rid of long ballet sequences that complete all his films. The ballet in America in Paris may be his best work. Although Vincent Minnelli was recognized as the only director, he was sometimes linked to a divorce from Judge Garland and other directors, leaving the Gene. Kelly will assume the duties of the director. Other prominent sites include Guetari's interpretation of "Stairway to Paradise"; Oskar Levant's fantasy about the performance and performance of Gershwin's "Concert in F" (see why this was the favorite of Oskar Levant.) Ballet series, now that we know it was successful, everyone now wants to be for it praise. , Slobodan, Minnelli, Kelly ?? but before the film was finished, the MGM office in New York refused to spend half a million dollars on the ballet. So Freed went to the head of the studio Louis B. Maier persuaded him to agree, New York said no. Finally, Jane Kelly told the New York office that the British film "RED CYLINDERS" used a long ballet sequence and that the movie became a worldwide hit? is still regarded as a prime example of a successful artistic film. The financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks. After November 1, 1950, there was a break in production, when Gene Kelly began to practice ballet choreography. By the time the production for this final sequel continued on December 6, Vincent Minnelli finished the film of another film - Father's Little Dividend (1951). Irene Sharaff has designed a style for each set of ballet sequences, various French Impressionist painters: "Place de la Concorde", Edouard Manet (Flower Market), Maurice Utrillo (Paris Street), Henri Rousseau, Vincent Van Gogh (Place de l) Opera, and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (Moulin Rouge). It took six weeks to build, with 30 painters who worked non-stop. Roger Ebert said after he looked at a recent restoration, "The American in Paris has many features, not just his number of famous ballet productions, with Kelly, and Leslie Caron symbolizes the whole story of their patronage in the dance. "The American in Paris is often compared to SINGING IN THE CHAIR to which the greatest musician has ever been made, and one critic said that when he said:" SINGING "IN RAIN makes me happy, and the American in Paris makes me feel good." Kelly's fantasies presented by great French artists (Renoir , Rousseau, Lautrec, Dufi), who are admiring. By organizing the screening for the then sick Raoul Duffy, the actor and producer came to the end of the loan. There, they were released, they found the artist, they started tearing, seeking other help from the splendid finale. The film was also the first to win the Golden Globe Award for Best Film (comedy or music). Gene Kelly received that honorary Oscar for "versatility as an actor, singer, director and dancer, and especially for his brilliant achievements in the art of choreography at film. "That was his only Oscar.
