Updated January 1, 2006 Parsifal is one of my two favorite Wagner's operas or musical drama to be more accurate (Meistersinger is the other.) although it's hard to imagine it as the "top of whose pops" . The Libretto composer, as usual, is a mess of religion, paganism, eroticism, and perhaps even homo-eroticism, and its length can make the audience seem like a dry color of hearing. Vagner, as a famous antisemit, (Klingsor is perhaps one of his surrogate Jewish villains.) naturally entrusted the prime minister with unconverted (not wanting to try RV!) Herman Levi, who was his favorite conductor! (Moving!) Kundra, the poorest and another Jewish surrogate, is also malicious or benevolent, depending on the scene. Since many video versions of the Parsifal are stacked in addition to this, this wash is, in comparison, the breath of fresh air. Director Hans-Jurgen Siberberg has made a significant impression, but it's hard to know why he made some of his choices. For example: the infamous double Parsifali (every genus!), Dolls, Death-of-Wagner masks, and various dolls and symbols such as the Nazi swastikas in one of the traveling scenes. (If I remember, "says," Engelbert Humperdinck wrote real music to throw out the changes on the scene.) Although Wagner himself died prematurely to be a real Nazi, many of his descendants (Like his other wife Cosima.) Were at least their companions , including their grandson Wolfgang Wagner who still heads the Baireuth Festival at an older age. In fact, Wolfgang's son Gottfried Wagner, in complete opposition to his father, tried to reconcile sincerely with his great-grandfather. Siberberg also looks politically ambiguous from what I read. In 1977 he recorded a well-known film about Hitler, "Hitler: ein Film aus Deutschland" (sometimes called "Our Hitler" in English). Since it lasts all 8 hours and is not widespread, most people have not seen it (including myself). Armin Jordan, the conductor of the audio CD on which this film is based, Amfortas (sung Volfgang Schone) Edith Clever (Ivonne Minton) plays Kundra, Michael Kutter and Karin Krick play double Parsifale (both sings Reiner Goldberg.!) And Robert Lloid and Aage Haugland are playing and singing Gurnemanz and Klingsor. Although the opera takes place over a long period of time, and everyone (except Kundra?) Is described as being older between Parts 2 and 3, no one seems to be an older day to the end of the opera. (The Grace of Magic? In this opera Grail is a glass from which Jesus drank on the Last Supper, and not Mary Magdalene as in recent times, an idea I consider absurd!). Conducting and singing are pretty usable and the DVD seems to have improved the sound, if not the image, to a great extent. (Yes, I agree that "Kna" access is superior, even on the other, stereo version, but is probably better than all recorded versions as a whole.) It's not Parsifal for all the Vagnerites, but I think it's good works as a recorded opera.
