Vincente Minnelli has directed some of the most celebrated films in the history of the film ... He was among the first Hollywood directors who showed that deep love for color, movement and music can produce intelligent fun ... "The American in Paris is a story of a former GI who remains in France after the study and painting war ... He falls in love with the charming lyric Lise Bourvier ... Their romantic love affair is brilliant as the city of Light itself ... The whole film brings the touch of French elegance, where technique, artistic style and music are merged into the s performed synchronism ... The first music sequence is the exciting personality of Leslie Caron in her debut on the screen ... She is like a diamond, a touch of class ... George Guetari describes her fiancé vague grace in assembling various dance styles, sweet and shy, lively and modern, graceful and brilliant ... The number leads to an unpretentious bistro, where Kelly and his faithful friends in Paris share the delicate parody of Vienna's waltzes ... Later, Kelly celebrates popular dance tapes with a bunch of enthusiastic children who sing with him 'I Got Rhit hm ', and at the massive jazz nightclub Kelly he sees the girl of her dreams ... He is immediately hit by his sparkling blue sapphire eyes, and it's just a clear thing in his mind, to pull Lisa to the dance floor and sing to her: "It's very clearly, Our love is here to stay. " On the joyful 'Tra-La-La,' Kelly provides humor, wit and talent throughout the Oscar Levant room, and even at the top of his brown piano ... When he introduces his beautiful Cinderella along the Sena River , Kelly was taken away by his happy encounter with Caron ... He expresses all his emotions with "Our love is there to stay." The piece had a definite night feeling while two lovers swam in a soft, blue smoky light ... They started an enchanting dance duet opposing different elements ... Caron dances with his head on his shoulder and then tries to escape a fluid way ... They they move backwards, distant from each other, then pause to hurry to one another, to a small kiss, and warm hug ... The weakest numbers of the film are those that in one, Georges Guetari performs an entertaining scenic shov with shovgirls in giant ornaments floating to the stage ... In the second, Oscar Levant imagines himself conducting a concert, and the play not only plays piano recital, but also other instruments ... He even sings himself as members of the audience ... Extravagant climatic super ballet The film is a real adventure, a breakthrough in taste, direction and design ... It's the flame of love, anger and life ... It's Kellie's main fantasy about his loss of Love and his sense of Paris, viewed through the vast backgrounds of some of the greatest French painters Impressionists ... The number starts at Beauk Arts Ball after Kelly finds himself separated from Lis , and starts with a black crayon sketch ... Gathers important parts of the story of the movie through constantly changing locations, all in the style of painters who influenced Jerry ... The tour, richly attractive and top-notch atmospheric, includes the site of the Fontana De la Concorde, the flower market Madeleine , Place De l'Opera, his Rendez-Vous in Montmartre, with dancers from Cancan in the performance of Lautrek's Moulin Rouge ... Kelly looks defiant by the boundaries of his physical self ... It seems that Caron dominates its space and takes you to another time and place ... <br /> <br /> Ni on Foch she looked very attractive and elegant in a white dress with one shoulder ... In one of the most famous movie lines, Kelly asks: 'It's pretty good you almost have. What's holding him? "Nina, smart," modesty! "The American in Paris has won six Oscars, including the honorary award of Jenny Kelly ... The film has given us a wealth of memories to take home ...
