Parsifal (1982) Cast: Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Ivonne Minton, Volfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Siberberg. Straight from the German film school, a kind that favored the tone of symbolism and surrealism of Ingmar Bergman, came a 1982 film Wagner's final masterpiece - Parsifal, written to correspond with Great Friday / Easter and dedication Opere Bayreuth. This film follows music and plot exactly, but the way it's captured and performed is brave and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal takes over the crown in its bizarre cinema. Siberberg is known for controversial films. Prior to this film, he published films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal antisemitism and documentary about Vinifred Wagner, one of his grandmothers. This film may be disturbing in many respects. Parsifal (Singing Reiner Goldberg, but played by Michael Kutter) is a man throughout the first part of the film, and then, following the magic of Kundri's kiss, turns into a female. This gender-folding element depicts the female / male / iing-iang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves the entire human race and redeems it through Christ's blood. In the pagan wizard of the Klingsor fortress there are photographs of so many notorious figures such as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilda Vesendock. Zastava Svaztika hangs outside the fort. Parsifal travels in the 19th and 20th centuries through the film. Attractive flower girls are naked. Kundri is portrayed as some kind of beautiful, but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve from Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but sang by mezzosopranist Ivonne Minton). In the end, this film is for lovers of this kind of bizarre German / European symbolic metaphysics and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and fans of Wagner's opera. Indeed, singing is great and tempting. Parsifal Reiner Goldberg is a focused and intense voice, but he lacks the depth and overall size of the larger Parsifal stage - James King, Volfgang Vindgassen, Rene Kollo and today's Placido Domingo. Ivone Minton is a sensually loud, dramatic and exciting Kundra, perfectly having fun in her tortured state. While production is certainly non-portorous and non-Vagnerian as it can be obtained (the Vagner's concept was Christian ceremonial prayers with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, darkness that turns into light, etc. It is still Pleasant, art-house movie.
