Gene Kelly has come up with some great musical ideas while working for MGM. Here he is at the top of his creative power in working with the musical unit Arthur Freed. It's hard to believe when you watch An American in Paris that players have never left their last position on MGM. The magic of the American in Paris is the result of creative editing led by Vincent Minnelli and the sets MGM designed blended with some background recordings. The film idea originated from Kelly, who wanted to simply make a long ballet with George Gershwin's "American in Paris" song. It sounded well to Arthur Freed, who addressed Ira Gershwin, who answered him as they used the other Gershwin material. Gershwin received that kind of work for Gershwin's music, which Irving Berlin usually received. Not a single note of non-Gershwin music is heard in America in Paris. Listen to some background music and you will hear things like Embraceable Iou and, but not for me, which are not real music numbers. Another guy who really wrote the lyrics, Alan Jai Lerner, wrote a story that is, however, skinny. Everything about the former GI played by Gene Kelly, who after World War II never left France, just settled into an apartment on the left bank and continued to become a hungry artist. He lives with an eccentric composer Oscar Levant and does it ever sound like a surplus. Two women are interested in him. Another American emigrant played by Nina Foch, who wants to sponsor him as a painter, if he will return to other things. But Kelly falls into the store played by Leslie Caron in her film debut. Caron also has an interesting musical comedy Georges Guetari. Naturally, the plot is just an excuse for singing and dancing with the music of George Gershwin. The American in Paris is the first film I've ever seen as a movie in flight on the first plane trip I've ever performed. I still remember returning from Phoenix Arizona to Kennedy Airport to see Gene Cally how I am doing Rhythm. My favorite number in the movie is Tra-La-La, which Kelly sings and dances all over with an Oscar-winning Levant playing piano. At one point Kelly dances at the top of the piano for the baby. In the book on Arthur Freed, I read a quote in which he said in the American ballet in Paris that he would work in the background French Impressionists, which he felt would be received by the public, not a realistic setting on the streets or in the background. That's how it happened. Kelly made long ballet sequences in words and music, pirates and the city. But he did them all. However, in my opinion, this includes some of the later films by Gene Kelly. In a sudden disturbance on the Oscars, the American in Paris was chosen for the best picture for 1951, breaking the striking tram Wish. I suppose fantasy surpassed the realism of that year. Large budgets also have an edge in these things. However, the American in Paris is one of the best movie musicals ever made and since the studio no longer has all this creative talent under one roof, it is less likely to repeat itself.
