The American in Paris was, in many ways, a top-notch mixture of art and Hollywood musical. Made at the height of the power of MGM as a musical power, the film contains the unforgettable music of Gershwin, which is rightly called the equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart. Gene Kelly was also at the height of his power in this film, although it can rightly be argued that this film is just warming up for his best work in Singin 'in the Rain (1952). These two films are actually closely linked. In addition to Arthur Freed's relationship, the Broadway Melody segment in "Rain" owes its existence to the incredible American ballet in this film. It was perhaps the only time the dance number was specifically mentioned in the introductory contributions of the film. And it deserved to be, because it shows the skills of Jenny Kelly as dancers and choreographers to the fullest. Film film is equally excellent. Leslie Caron, incredibly making her film debut, shows maturity that tells you to think she's been filming movies for years. Her introductory dance sequence, and later her ballet work, provides some surprising sexy moments in MGM Musicals just by the work of Cid Charisse in Singin 'in the Rain and The Band Wagon. Oscar Levant is hilarious as Kelly's stoic friend, who gets two best moments in the film: during the final partial sequence (which I will not release to anyone who has not seen the movie) and one of the most memorable music numbers that links his incredible piano skills with top-level (for now ) with special effects. Less memory is Georges Guetari as Kellie's romantic rival, although she has several musical accentuations, and Nina Foch as a romantic rival to Leslie Caron. The relationship between Kelly and Nin from May to December reminded me of the same relationship between the "guarded man" between George Peppard and Patricia Neal at breakfast in Tiffany. There are several movie elements that made me less satisfied than Singin 'in the Rain. Ballet, although luxurious and well-produced, does not fit with the rest of the film. Without giving any complication, the Ballet is just happening, without the real rhyme or reason. And unlike the Broadway Melody sequence, it really has nothing to do with complications - in the best musicals, songs always have some kind of raison d'etre. Worse still, the ending of a film that happens right after Ballet. Although the end should not be a surprise (this is a MGM musical, after all), I hoped a bit more ... a movie after the end of the Ballet. As if director Vincent Minnelli thought he could not follow the ballet with anything else. The film literally left me alone. This negative side, the American in Paris is rightfully ranked next to the best Hollywood musicals. It does not reach Singh's height in the rain, but Gene Kelly's testimony about the skills of Gene Kelly remains one of the greatest dancers of all time.
