This is an incredible movie for watching or showing young people. Apart from a very short bare scene, it gives an interesting look at colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic hair. The white French in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even seem to look at the native as people. Whites are all bosses and expect Black Sans no question. However, unlike the real servant, you only hear one of the Whites at any time to say "thank you" and no other opinion is given to these people. Again and again, it's like pets or slaves, because the feelings of people are never considered. The central illustration of this recklessness is the relationship between mother, Aimee and her servant, Protea. Although they sometimes spend a lot of time together and it's only normal for them to start having sexual feelings for each other, the White Woman never thinks about Protea or the existence of his feelings. A good example of this recklessness is when she has Protee tying a dress and it's obviously very sexually frustrated with it. In addition to this connection, while almost all Whites are completely unaware of the fact that they are African people, few of them go so far as to verbally abuse and treat them as garbage. Also interesting is the relationship between Protea and the girl (which is the one that is grown at the beginning and the end of the film). While they are very close, sometimes they are more like a toy or a pet, and the girl never plays with her children. There is a bizarre white guy who sometimes looks better looking black, but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confusing. For a moment, he works hard with black people or eats with them (something that the other Belts would never do), and next he tries to beat Protea! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just a jerk, or he was crazy or maybe he was a communist agitator who was trying to instill black against the Belts (who knows!). In fact, apart from a few good scenes, this character seems pretty in vain. Although I really enjoyed the insight given this film, I would like it instead to be more than just a few clips of this world through the child's perspective during a small period of her life. The context and what happened to free the country from colonialism is never spoken, and the film has left me to want more. The film began to appear in the early 1980s (after wearing the Valkman-style headphones), and when the film returned to the past, it appears to have been set up around 1960 (more or less), but it never mentioned Violence or Independence 50s of the 20th century for the nation in the early 1960s. I suppose that some of these confusion might be that the film makers screwed up and TREBALI started making the film early (like in the 1970s) and that the lady thought she was returning to her life there in the early 1950s-- before the country experienced political changes. In addition to the context that is lacking and the confusion in time periods, they used the prologue and the epilogue that showed it as an adult person traveling the country. I also appreciated the end because it was a pleasant surprise when you learned more about the fine man who offered her a ride. But all in all, it just seems that something is missing - there simply is not any resolution or message except that it shows that colonialism is ruthless and cruel.
