I absolutely did not know anything about Chocolate before I looked at him. I did not know anything about the story, actors, directors or anything about the history of the film. All I knew was that it was a highly respected French film. If I knew more, I probably would not look at the picture of an open mind. On paper, the premise does not sound interesting to me. If I knew what Chocolate was before, my interest in watching would be limited. However, ignorance of the story helped me to enjoy. Throughout the day, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was, if nothing else, a predictable movie. Indeed, it could have been like the story was told in flashbacks. Talking a story in flashback is often a risky move by the filmmakers. Since the main character is seen nowadays, the audience knows that he will stay alive. Using the flashback technique, director Claire Denis is able to ensure that the young girl stays in the mature age without serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is talking more about emotions than about the outside. The smaller director would give France a grieving face, screaming from a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks outward. It can be argued that Chocolat is more about the French mother, because she has been given more screen time, although I believe that this is ultimately about France. For me, what Chocolat really does is how mothers affect her daughter. It is about how the behavior of the parents stays with their offspring. France was not destroyed by her mother's actions in the story, but her mother's actions obviously left her impression on France. If France were not at all affected by her mother's actions, the aspect of the reflex would be irrelevant. For a film dealing with two time periods, past and present, Chocolat was very well-timed, there was no scene of excess fat. None of the scenes felt unnecessary or out of place. The film had a nice rhythm, the editing was sharp, leaving only what was needed to tell the story. With good storytelling, solid editing and organized direction, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've seen. He was responsible for starting a career Claire Denis and for good reason: it's an incredible director's debut.
