Set in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant song that shows the effects of dying colonialism on a young family during the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films are significantly different in scope and accent. The film is told from the perspective of an adult who returns to his or her childhood home in a foreign country. France Mireille Perrier, a young woman traveling through Cameroon, recalls her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroon and had a friendly friendship with the dark servant, Protea (Isaach de Bankole). The film's heart, however, revolves around the French mother Aimee (Giulia Boschi) and her relationship with love / hatred with Protea that screams unspoken with sexual tension. Households are divided into public and private spaces. White family rooms are private and out of the borders of all, except for Protea who works in the house while the servants are forced to eat and shower outdoors, exposing their naked bronze bodies to the views of the white family. It becomes clear when her husband Marc (Francois Cluzet) goes to business that Aimee and Protee are sexually attracted to each other, but social rules prevent it from being recognized openly. In one single order, she invites him to her bedroom to help her wear a dress, and the two of them stare at the picture of another in a mirror with a defiant yearning in their eyes, knowing that each interaction is taboo. Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a relationship with the servant, feeds it from the plate, shows how to eat crushed ants and wears it on their shoulders in walks under the night sky. Despite their connection, the true nature of their "master-servant" relationship is evident when France orders Protee to interrupt the conversation with a teacher and immediately take her home and when Protee stands next to her at the table, waiting for the next order. When the plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move into the complex until a replacement part is found. Each visitor shows his contempt for the Africans; one, the rich coffee plantowner, brings the rest of the food from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room. Another, Jean-Claude Adelin, an arrogant white Frenchman, raises a racial balance when he uses an outdoor shower, eats with his servants, and mocks Aimee about her attraction to Protea, which leads to the final emotional conflict with the servant. Chocolat is loosely autobiographical, adapted from childhood of memory to director, and slowly moving and mysterious as the dark isolation of the country on which it is filmed. Denis emphasizes the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing characters. There are no victims or oppressors, there are no simple good guys. Protee is a servant, but he is a protector when standing on guard on the bed where Aimee and her daughter are asleep to protect them from wild hide. The sad fact is that Protea is treated as a boy, not as a man, but the Bankola is permeating her character with such dignity and a stature to reduce pain. Due to its pace, the Western audience may have to work hard to fully understand the film, and Denis, as Roger Ebert says, "does not train our emotions". The truth of Chocolate lies in gestures and views that touch the silent passion of our heart.
