In 1955, the British made a comedy named Simon and Laura, with Peter Finch and the brilliant Kai Kendall. To this day, this is one of the best examples of British comedy and, in particular, how television series have become so popular. It was, and is, an excellent example of self-referential cinema. Similarly, Soapdish, a movie I have not heard about until a few days ago when I caught him on a late TV. At first I was a little suspicious, simply because comedy is as heavy as you know. However, I was pleasantly surprised and delighted watching a very smart satire on American television that is daily. In fact, it's been a long time since I laughed so much. So if you like satire, I recommend that you see it. Main actors? Salli Field, Kevin Kline, Robert Dovei and Cathy Moriarti ?? Quite simply doing a great job, discovering how stupid and shallow business is. While I watched him, I thought about myself: how many of these whores are being transferred to real life? That is, if actors ever have a real life? As you probably know, Peter Sellers, for example, was known for hiding his true personality behind many characters, so that no one really knew the right person. So, as I watched Salli Field play Celeste Talbot playing Maggie, I was thinking about the earlier British movie where Kai Kendall played Laurus playing the character in the TV series versus Peter Finch ... Miracle some actors have nervous breakdowns? And that feeling crystallized when Celeste finally confronted her daughter (Lori, played by Elizabeth Shu) and, at an emotional moment, repeats the fictitious lines she used, in the previous episode of her daily soap, when she confronted her fictitious daughter in her ego How! Are you confused? Well, it's not all that, but the dialogue is stunning for originality, comedy, disgust, anger, depravity, chauvinism, and even ... love. Story? Well, there are many stories in this movie, they are all intertwined, and eventually they all unite (of course, but not as Robert Altman's movie, OK!), And not all of them are finally resolved. Life is not like that, is it? The pace is almost frenetic, and you really need to listen carefully and listen to catch all the humorous aspects and subtle jokes. Spend 97 minutes of your life and watch it; You will not regret the time you use. The rest of the acting team is well-behaved, although I have never taken much of Vhoopi Goldberg. Perhaps the most entertaining conversations between Robert Dovey and Cathy Moriarti and, for my money, this other steals many scenes from others, she got my voice as a prominent player. I did not get rid of you, it gives the bitch a whole new face ...
