This is a romantic comedy with a focus on comedy for change. As usual, lovers - Salli Field as queen of the soap opera on the hill, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as a marginally engaged and marginally talented actor, Jeffrey Anderson - work in cross-intentions, apparently unconscious that they are crazy in love, etc. Thanks to a little Beta Davis, Margo Channing in everything about Eve (1950) and the whole Salli Field went over the top to the joy as she malaproised the path to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the most undeveloped leaders of recent years, is also very good and very victorious, as he manages to be handsome, vulnerable, egoistic and attractive all at the same time. The Celestine Accident Center crash accident will lose its audience when it enters the forties, and reach the crisis point with the arrival of its niece, the ambitious actress Cori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), who turns out to be her niece, with the complications that followed. Cory manages to get a small part in the soap opera like homeless deaf people before she has discovered her real relationship with Celest (as with Jeffrey Anderson) - but it does not matter. As a romantic counterpoint or foil on the water are Robert Dovnei Jr. (Soap Director David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarti (Montana and Nurse Nan). David Barnes is so hot for her, but she only cares for one thing: to get rid of Celeste, so she could shine on the set. To this end, she gets Barnes from doing a variety of things to destroy Celestine's career, but through coincidence and / or perverse logic, all of her attempts go wrong, and this entices the audience. Vhoopie Goldberg plays Rose Schvartz, lead writer and celestine alter ego and reliever while Carrie Fisher has a modest role as a producer of the show. I thought it was more fun than just another podium of the soap world that I saw (Young Doctors in Love in 1982 who gave away a sick television hospital and was pretty good). Soapdish is smiling with an incredible scenario and many funny loudspeakers and great performances by Field, Kline and Dovni Jr. But look at this for Salli Field, which is extraordinary.
