This German documentary, in English, speaks of a Scottish ecologist sculptor Andy Goldsvorthi. He creates art from objects found in nature. For example, early in the film, we see him taking some of the glacier's pieces and "delighting" them together with a little moisture in a serpentine form that seems to pass through the vertical wall several times. Naturally, the freezer melts but this passage is part of most Goldsvorthi works. He goes to a location and gets a sense of it, intuitively deciding what to do on that day. He talks about having a "dialogue" with the walls and other materials he works with, trying to work with * rather than against them. These can be stones, flowers, leaves or sticks. The sculpture can last for a few minutes or years, or it may not take long enough to finish and photograph. It seems that work is more a process than a goal. Film, and work, is beautiful, inspiring and provoking thoughts. It starts quite slowly, which is appropriate for the material, but you must be sure to go when you have a good night's sleep. But go if you have a chance. Search the web for some other pages about Andy Goldsvorthi or read about his local sculpture at Stanford University. There are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures. My thoughts: Skip reading this part if you want to find out what this movie means to you completely independently. I remember some of the ideas that happened to me while I was watching a movie that I thought I would share with those who still read. The first, transient nature of the great work of Andy Goldsworthy reminded me of the natural tide and the flow of human life. We are born, we live and eventually die. It's natural, and it's natural and part of the art of Goldsworthy. Another thought was to rely on the way Goldsvorthi managed to integrate his passion and his work so thoroughly into his life. Most of us have a job that is at best tolerated, a life that barely notice life, and passions that we really want to spend more time, even if we even remember what they are. Andi Goldsvorthi has managed to create an amalgam of all these aspects of his life that seems to work well, and feeds him and those around him. Wow. <br /> <br /> Viewed 28.8.2002.
