As the jacket declares, this film is "Gorgeousli shot and masterfulli edited", and, yes, that's mesmerizingly beautiful. The timelessness we experience in the stony stone and the continuous sense and flow of water frames the transient works of Goldsvorthi's hands, so that in their transience they indicate eternity. And so the beauty of his compositions haunted us with just one touch of melancholy woven - or the words of Matthews Arnold from "Dover Beach": <br /> Listen! you hear the thunder of the gravel that pulls the waves, and when they go back, lift up the high beam, start, and stop, then start again, with a slow tremor rhythm, and bring eternal note of sorrow. At one point, near the end of the film, Goldsvorthi says "Words do their job, but what I do here says much more." As a writer, I am not mistaken, and for a moment I consider him immodest, because the combination of form and time and the changes and textures, colors and compositions that Goldsvorthi painstakingly and intuitively creates is really more than a mere word. At another point he said: "What remains ... and what is not." That's his theme. I think that once in the twentieth century the artists became aware of how passable even the greatest works of art compares with the vast space of cosmic time; and so began to reflect this understanding by composing works that are deliberately transient. The idea was to emphasize how short-lived even the most powerful human works, expressed feeling of timeless art. Perhaps the effectiveness of Goldsvorthi work in this type. expression. He painstakingly builds up some kind of straw or leaves where the tide will reach to it, or it will be placed in a river where it will be removed; and in this process, the composition and its ephemeral nature are combined. Both transient and timeless are necessary to understand our world and our place in it. And it is important that these works are done in the context of nature so that what is constituted is placed within what is natural. Thus, stone and stone eggs that Goldsvorthi constructs are quiet and firm, and we know that they are not monuments of eternity, but will remain for some undefined time period, and then they will be dispersed and returned to a state similar to that which existed before We came. It is art as it should be art, related to the spiritual. In a way, Goldsvorthi's work is an unarticulated understanding. It is an experience of pure time and forms. In a way, his work "corresponds" to Sheli's famous song "Ozimandias", even while the tide is forgiving, and even while the river bursts out the expression, and so art is alive due to our experience. Similarly, the Tibetan paintings of the sand are so carefully assembled and measured, and then, just as they are so beautifully and preciously completed, they are given to the wind, so that we can know that it is all flux. Still, in the modern world these artworks suffer from photographs and videos. Goldsvorthi is an accomplished photographer (I would say, necessarily) and all his works, even those unsuccessful, are told to be photographed in order to look at them in a more thoughtful mood and see what he has achieved and what is this cinema production directed by Thomas Riedelsheimer with Frédé Frith's beautiful and adequate music must not be missed. This is one of the most beautiful documentaries I've ever seen and one of the most spiritual ones.
