Scottish artist Andy Goldsvorti makes natural materials in ephemeral artwork, collecting rocks in egg-shaped cairns, filling the stones of rocks with fireflies and thorns and twig seams in tricky web patterns. The original work and several photographs of his other creations are hidden in the corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (near the place where I live), but although I discovered that these pieces were intriguing, I realized the wonder of Goldsworthy's work when I had the luck of Film Reim and Tides. Thomass Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by Fred Frith's lovely instrumental soundtrack, brings Goldsworthy and his art into life by showing the artist at work. The introductory scene records him connecting the fragments of the iceberg into a thread in the form of a snake at the top of the hive. Working with his teeth and bare hands, Goldsvorthi handles a wonderful, transient work. Soon this delicate sculpture dissolves into nothing in the shining sunlight of Nova Scotia. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer also shows successes and failures, grasping the frustration of parts that collapse before they are completed, and the glory of those who shine, even in just a few hours, minutes or seconds. I Goldsvorthi gives a narrative, saying slowly but thoughtfully about the topics in my work. He clearly shows his need to work with nature, to be alone in it, and to improve his understanding through an effort to work with natural materials, even when they seem to work against him. Sometimes he is down to earth and witty; In other times, he is fighting for words to express his purpose? something that is quite understandable when witnessing his amazing work first hand. 'Rivers and tides' of the title become more and more relevant as we see that natural materials pass through the hands of artists, flowing from one form to another. The recording of the creation and dissolution of Goldworth's work is in itself a striking artwork. Although Goldsvorthi works with a wide variety of materials and covers the area around North America and Europe, the presentation of artwork one by one the other in this film is exhausting; It gave me the same feeling of tiredness as when I spent too long in the art gallery and I'm struggling to accept anything new. A brief interval in which we are familiar with Andy's family and his hometown is all that interrupts a long series of his works. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer is doing a great job in photographing Goldsvorthi and his creations, locating them in their wider environment, from winding Canadian rivers to rainy Scotch slopes. Acceptable, the film ends with Goldsvorthi casting a handful of earth and snow on the sky. The passing patterns appear from particles of dust even when they are scattered in the air; this is the purest expression of beauty that can be found in the work of this exceptional artist.
