I admit that for the first 20 minutes of the film I was not completely sure that I would do all this. Like many other people, I think it's pretty boring, and I did not really like the hour and a half watching this guy biting the iceberg and collecting them. However, if you sit through creating his first work long enough to see the finished product, you will get an idea of ​​how much the rest of the film is impressive. I really think it's sad that so many people thought that this was impossible bored or purified from the ideas of other artists. Rivers and tides are a quiet study of some of the artwork and methods of Andy Goldsvorthi, who makes his art completely outside of nature in nature, which usually results in pieces that nature will consume through the normal entropy process. It's moving slowly and it's not glamorous, but I think it's a lot of sense for the movie to show that Goldsvorthi's art does not need any escorts to be appreciated. I even heard people complain about how he always speaks during the entire film, not only to let nature and his art work speak for themselves, which I think is madness. On the other hand, a lot of people complain about CDs that come with texts written in them. Many musicians also think that their music should mean what the listener wants to mean, and if the musician does not show the exact verses, I presume that I am only a person who believes that I would like to know what the artist was trying to do with his artwork. I can still figure out how I want, even if I know what I should do. I can understand that I do not want to hear him speak through the movie. He, after all, loses his thinking and can not explain some of his works many times, but if you do not want Goldsvorthi talking about his art while watching a movie, turn off the sound freely. It's as if you do not read verses if you do not want to know what the musician sings and prefer to interpret them yourself. I think that the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I had no idea, I had previously watched this movie, incredibly impressive, and I am pleased that this film was made to portray it. Indeed, since his work is largely not the one that can be transferred to the studio, photography is the only medium other than a movie that can express it, and I really appreciate that I am able to see the work that enters into his art, and the way in which I do it. to use only things of nature. Regardless of whether you appreciate certain aspects of the presentation of this movie, Goldsvorthi's work is moving enough to overlook that, since the movie is not a star, Goldsworthy's art is. And given the lack of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slower nature of the film, it seems to me that the director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
