Zero day has a purpose, and it's not just fun, she sends a message about the shooting of specialized subject schools. He portrayed the lives of two friends Andre and Kala who led the attack on their high school. While the film began in a somewhat modest way, the impressive announcement of an upcoming attack in an amateur teenage style was followed by brief encounters with boys' families. It did not take much time before we started working with boys who showed us their collection of weapons, their fetishistic love for them, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even the controversial scene of building bombs. > What film is trying to say? What is motivating them to be murderers soon. It seems difficult to determine exactly. They certainly do not meet as cold-blooded psychopaths, but nevertheless plan an act of brutality. This brings me to what I feel is a genius in the part of the Neutral Day. Cal and Andre are constantly talking about how much they are on the second level, how they stayed above us and how "everything will leave us behind". Like the killers from Colombia, they really feel superior. As Nietzsche's respect, Cal and Andre's value system seems to have been born out of the rejection of their society. However, we only get an insight into this, an expression of hatred for a popular athlete, for example. Where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio showed two people who desperately want to give a statement of superiority as a gesture of their power, but which do not have a reasonable place to do so. That is why they turn to mass killings and those who will attract more attention than they could ever grasp. Therefore, it seems that school shooters are fully capable of doing horrible acts despite coming from good and stable homes. Murder is part of the fantasy, Cal and Andre are completely lost in their fantasy and almost do not see the reality of their actions. Fantasy turns into a tragedy. The second most interesting thing about this movie is the character development and the unique dependence that Cal and Andre have on each other. Andre is the open leader of the film two, Cal's embrace of his behavior and clothes seems somewhat compulsive. Andre is tense, Andre is intense and serious. He totally avoids the other, apart from his family, is pedantic and precise about everything he does and for some time he seems to be the main engine of conspiracy to attack the school. Nevertheless, he is cute in his own way, he does not accept teenage nonsense and partly feels compelled to agree with him, but these moments are shaken by Andre's passing gestures of violence against us who treat us as a confidential and potential victim. Cal, on the other hand, makes it more relaxed than Andre, more accepting reality. Nevertheless, he is dominant in his own way. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's diary, scenes when he is alone and separated from Andre. Cal seems to be fighting with his own personal demons and using their plan to expel himself from them. Andre is jealous of Cala, who is going to a graduation evening with an old friend, he wants Calu for himself. Cal calms Andrea and encourages him. It seems that for the first time in his life Andre has found someone who believes in him and who admires him so that he can not lose him. While Cal found someone who offered him a way out. Film surely accelerates and improves as it approaches its gloomy conclusion. There is a great moment when Cal attends matura. Suddenly the star of the film becomes shy and introvert, not at all relaxed with her peers. Nevertheless, we tend to feel more connected with Cal than with a noisy group screaming underage obscenity while drunk heavily in the limousine. Their episode is too common and recognizable. We do not want to deal with them when it's over and Cal returns with Andre who quietly prepares one of his final videos we like, while the characters feel safe again in the world of imagination they created. We feel like we're avoiding the masses they have. The last scene is wonderful. The last video shows Andrea and Kala who are arming themselves in his car just a few moments before the attack. It's all too real and really creates a sense of upcoming downfall. We know that we know Cal and Andre and we realize that it will really do, with some kind of morbid fascination and enjoyment in movie catharsis. Massacre in CCTV fashion is sometimes shocking Although it was the perfect choice to show a massacre, if we went to it, it was not without any flaw. What is most important is the sudden radical change in the perception we have about Cal and Andre, looking at them in this person are suddenly silent killers that we knew would still refuse to admit they would do it. It's violent and real, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy that costs them all. The final scene shows a group of teenagers who are shooting and falling Andre and Cal's crosses in the shooting that were stored. Since we know Andrea and Kala, we can feel almost sadness that they really went forever and that they certainly did not win anything. The zero day is a must for anyone who is interested in these violent actions that has been sensationalized by the media. This is a good study of the character.
