As always, controversial films like this have different comments. You either love him or hate him, and not everyone will love this movie. This shows the killer's perspective, which is something I personally consider important to consider. You may hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel like you can connect, but regardless of this film you will be asked to think about school shootings from a different perspective. a handheld camera, something I think works well because it makes it more realistic. It is fully stated from the point of view of killers, from their "missions" to family trips, all of which lead to the big day "Zero Day" in which they plan a massacre at their school. Zero day does not offer answers, it only gives insight into the lives of two upset young men and allows the audience to decide for themselves. Our feelings for boys are mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we are still confused by the fact that two ordinary young boys would do such a thing. It turned out that they are surprisingly normal, typical teenagers who lead ordinary lives, and if we do not know what they are planning, we do not expect anything (they clearly show throughout the movie that no one else knows about their planning). is extremely good given that the two actors are completely unfamiliar. We can only hope that in the future we will see more work. Despite being a fictionalized movie, you can not but notice the obvious similarities with Columbia. Calvin and Andre are terribly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebland, (not so much in appearance, but in style). As someone who explored Columbine very extensively, I could see the similarity and almost based on it. The real massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at school and is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. I was completely shocked when I saw her, and it's a feeling that remains for some time. It's very realistic and well made, and it's very difficult to watch it. All in all, the Zero Dai is a great movie, and I think everyone should at least look at it. In the past, we have always been simply labeled "psychopathic killers" and assumed they were either biologically wired for disaster or had media influence, but as Zero Day shows sometimes the motives are deeper than that, and we can never truly understand why tragedies are such while school Shooting takes place until we see it from the perspective of the killers.
