I rented Zero Dai from a local video store last week. I've never heard of a movie and I had my own reserves. From the very sight of the box, I knew that the film is an indie movie and that's why the quality will be smaller than the mainstream movie. I can tell you that after I finished watching Zero Dai, I began immediately from the beginning. The film clearly followed the basic picture of what happened at Columbine High School in April 1999, but what impressed me was how convincing were the two main actors. For the first time I watched this movie and I was not completely sure if it was what I looked at the real tapes left by the shooters in Columbine. In the background of my mind, I knew that what I was looking at could not be real, but at the same time, the acting was so convincing that you had to constantly give your head. Is the movie disturbing? Absolutely! Will you see things that will bring you into question the merit of film? Probably. I think that most people will be disturbing that they will actually have feelings for the two leading figures, Calvin and Andrea (played by Cal Robertson and Andre Keuck). Why is it problematic for some people? Calvin and Andre are planning a massacre in high school. I know for myself, I felt a huge sadness for Andre and Calvin. I had empathy for them because their lives had reached such a terrible point. They fell so deeply through the cracks that they began the journey down the road that could have been stopped, that only people around them noticed their condition. Zero Dai is a phenomenal film. It gives you a close and personal view of the events that most of us will see only on the news. Leaves you to think about life. And it leaves you confused as people come to this point. A week after I looked at this movie, I still think about it. Those of you who have not seen Zero Dai, keep in mind the following: The film is independent with little or no budget, and the movie is recorded on camcorders. The material in the movie is disturbing. This is not a mainstream Hollivood and there is no happy ending. But if you can put it all aside, Zero Dai is a movie that will keep you up and maybe just help you to open your eyes a little.
