Undisclosed story tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Haienga) who tried in the past five years to start, Virginia had two miscarriages since then and desperately wants to have a child. Visit to Dr. Richard Karen for help after being recommended by some of their friends, dr. Meierling says they will be able to help them have a child. Dr. Meierling works in Virginia and is soon confirmed that the operation was successful and Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything looks perfect and Marshall can not be happier, but their perfect life does not last long while Virginia's pregnancy develops problems, it becomes quirky and looks completely character-free and gets a worrying phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron), another woman who is undergoing Dr. Meierling's case, which claims that Meierling actually uses his patients for his evil aims and that he is actually a disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia begins to question what's growing in her ... Produced and directed by Rodman Flender I actually thought that Unborn was a decent horror / thriller (it's DEFINITELY NOT sci-fi movie as IMDb would trust you ) which made me pleasantly surprised. Henry Dominica's script is trying to be different, and at least it has to take some credit for it. The unregistered goes on a psychological horror, and not on cheap fears and bad special effects, it has a pretty smart story that works and plays on basic human fears. It is moving at the right pace, though it's not exactly a movie with the action. The peak was good and seemed to be a convenient way to round things up, and the warnings about genetic disorder today are even more important than it was then, maybe Flender knew something that we did not stay. On the bottom side there are some elements for exploitation, and at heart the film is guided by a dialogue that focuses mainly on one person, so it can sometimes be a little boring. Likewise, I have to mention that, what on Erath was that the black skateboarding dwarf is all about eh ?! The director of Flender is doing OK work, The Unborn is far from the most picturesque or visually interesting movie ever but is good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a lot of tension as Virginia has in his evil plans and Dr. Meierling not to be discovered until the last moment. It is disappointing that blood and blood almost do not exist, which in a way allows the film to fall because it retrospectively does not remember anything, it unrelatedly relies on a good talk that is fine, but in a week I doubt that I will remember too much. Br /> Technically, the movie is fine, I guess the The Unborn had a pretty low budget, but it's well made even if it's a little and unforgettable. The creature for the baby is actually a special special effect and has a rather realistic facial movement. The acting is good and this was one of the first acting works attributed to Friends (1994-2004) star Lisa Kudrov, I have to be honest I do not like Friends and I do not even know who she was in this one so I can not tell you how it is she did it. Unhealthy is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be widely known and seen, far better than many crap with a low budget leaving the shelves in the stores. If your fan is a horror and looking for something a bit different, something more intelligent and provocative than usual, then I think you could do much worse than the unborn. Then follows the unbroken sequel The Unborn II (1994), which I watched immediately afterwards, check my review if you want.
