"Kolchak: Night Stalker" is a very entertaining TV series in which attackers, sarcastic, forty and some journalists are repeatedly drawn into fatal struggles with supernatural (and occasionally alien) forces. Based on a very popular pair of television films with the character of Kolchak, this series died in a fast-paced death in the mid-1970s due to low ratings, yet retaining a strong cult today. But will the average viewer be able to dig Kolchak and his weekly encounters with the undead? It's a really tough question to answer fairly. Critics of this series tend to claim that this is formally and hopelessly dated. On the other hand, the fans claim that he is smartly written, well behaved, and sometimes frank and spooky. And I? I have a foot in both camps. I recently enjoyed watching all 20 episodes of DVDs on DVD, although I clearly see that the series has big disasters. First I will deal with Kolchak question as "formula". Now, I think we can all agree that most TV shows have formulas - almost every episode of Columba takes place according to the same pattern, for example. Repetition is not necessarily bad in itself; In fact, critics have long recognized that the audience often enjoys and actively seeks, repetitive entertainment. However, the problem with Kolchak is that its formula is simply too strong - too repetitive even with the highest standards. In almost every episode, Kolchak investigates the murder and concludes that it was committed. some kind of monster. He tries to publish a story about that monster, but his editor Vincenzo blocks him, always explaining that Kolchak does not have enough evidence to substantiate his claims that supernatural forces are at work. And, unfortunately, Kolchak was also obstructed by the police. Ultimately, Kolchak is doing an independent research on the monster, reveals how to kill him ... and then kill him. No ceremony, or reward, or writing a great story about it. You can see where such a rigid formula could become weary, right? Especially confusing me is Vincenzo - if Kolchak always boasts about monsters, and Vincenzo never believes in it ... well, then, why does Vincenzo not shoot at Kolcak, nor did he commit? Every normal boss would do that. However, the series avoids such realism and prefer Vincenzo and Kolchak to hold comical antagonists. As a result, many of their scenes together are deeply incredible - though they are also pretty funny. The best episodes of Kolchas manage to exceed the limits of this formula, however, usually because they contain some kind of unexpected plant. These selected episodes are good enough to think they are largely immune to the typical reviews of the series. Some of my favorites are: Horror in the Heights - an episode that is worth the attention because it is dirty, inventive and socially aware. Kolchak's dialogue is unusually sharp and cynical. Although Kolchak's formula is well-kept, the scenario (written by veteran Hammer Studios Jimmi Sangster) is incredibly literate, and is deeply rooted in the side story of the monster. The Devil Platform - a possible inspiration for "Omen" films, this episode is distinguished for me because the negativac - very young Tom Skerritt - causes Kolchak with a Satanic contract full of things (and, in doing so, reveals a lot about the reporter's character .) Firefall - this episode has a bad reputation among fans, but I enjoyed it because it has a great red haringa and really creepy, almost unstoppable, monster. Even though I have singled out these three episodes for praise, I would say that most of the stories are the least fun. For my money, there are only two complete turkeys in a series of 20 episodes: Primal Scream, referring to the fleaing monkeys in Chicago, and Sentry, which contains the dumbest look of creatures in the history of shooting entertainment (and this assessment comes from the lifetime Doctor Who Godzilla fans!) At the end, this is a good series. A bit repetitive, maybe a bit cheesy, but it has size elements. Even during weaker episodes, the beautiful performance of Darren McGavin as a caustic, tired, infinitely funny Kolchak really shines. He wears the series effortlessly, in a way that, for example, Sara Michelle Gellar never succeeded in Buffy. McGavin was one of the great actors, and this series is worth watching only him.
