There are two different ways to enjoy this colorful TV series ("the godfather" of Ks-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monstrous performance (I was frightened when I was a child!), or as a well-written / acting gum / film-noir. It works on both levels. Scarcity may have been diluted over the years (it was made in the mid-'70s), but I was pleasantly surprised by the rediscover of the show (via DVD) that I actually enjoyed it more now for these reasons. The late Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, persistent, angry journalist / fighter hunter who, in search of a story, always finds a supernatural angle; Much to the pain in Kolchak's overstretched boss, Tony Vincenzo (who plays with the massive tiredness in the world of the late, great Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his ulcers!). The interaction between these characters is crackling and witty (similar to Spark and McCoi STAR TREK, just sour!). During two pilot TV films and series in one season, Kolchack fought against vampires, robots, insects, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like a whole series of Ks-Files! In one season!). And Kolchak did it first! As for composer Gil Mole, acting, partly whistling, home music ... well, Ks-Files creator Chris Carter calls Mike Snov (very similar) to Ks-Files as the main subject of the title 'homage'. Both topics work well; leave it on that. And unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most KOLČAK monsters are shown in shadows and in a quick cut (effective and sometimes grateful, since some of them do not handle modern control, but some still work). Modern horor shows take into account: Less is more! One of the few drawbacks of this show (and that's also a small one) is the over-use of sunny, Californian locations that pass through the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same question; imminent for a modest budget, based on L.A. It seems that some of the supporting characters are what is (now) viewed as clichés (a female reporter, Ron Updike, has always been used for comic relief, a sweet, old lady / columnist for Emili's advice). But, they all have their moments to shine (UNLIKE many support TV characters from, clichés or not!). KOLČAK is a timeless play that serves as a template for many who have followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for the TV show of the horror genre (agent Mulder's real father). And as a footnote, I tried to watch several episodes of a new, "re-imagining" show. This is the Ks-Files clone (copy of a copy?). And that's bad. Carl Kolchak is now a pretty nice model, the 30th something that happened (boring Stuart Tovnsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a weird idea; undermines Kolchak as a lonely, Don Quixote cruiser! And Kolchak and Vincenzo? Where is the tension? The interplai? If they chose to hang the KOLCHAK name in this exhausted shit, it's a great example of how NOT to do the remake: Take a loved cult series, crush everything uniquely about it, exhaust it from all the characters and colors (but keep the name! This cult is needed!), and voila! Instant rehsh! He gets 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version SATISFACES the ax! Keep a short-lived, but classic, original. It has been improving for years.
