WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - continue reading). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become totally dependent on this pad that I will not have everything to list them. In the introductory appendices there was a playful scene with a kitsch from the late 1950s; Enchanting Peres Over the Prado mambo theme that seems unusually unrecognizable (but his grunts are unmistakable, and no one else has done them); and with well-known acting names, including Kathy Najimi a year before hitting Sister Acts 1 & 2 plus Teri Hatcher from Superman TV. Each scene is pervaded by shallow inequities that were cast by various actors, actors and producers in daily television. A look behind the career of these people is just an excuse for an old-fashioned, delicious Farce. Robert Harling has written this ruthless underpass that plays as the issue of the MAD magazine, but it seems like a gift to the audience. Some of the cliché characters are somewhat unclear, but everyone is jealous of jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Salli Field), a multi-year series of award-winning performers called America's Sveetheart. The daily opening of the Emmies prize brings us to the Celeste performance, the Sun also. Against all the futile fears of the opposite, Celeste is again winning. She is happy because she is always "so sincere": "Adam, did you see? I won! Well, nguh ..." The reason Adam's absence soon became a justification for the whole plot, and we are currently on the road with Celestine neuroses. She cried, screamed, and nodded through the rest of the film, while her chest Tawnee (Kathi Najimi, who was constantly stirring after Celeste, invisible through the Celestine Fog of Paranoia) enjoys the taste for Tammy Faie Baker, for whom Tavnee is actually hired in particular. Rosie Schvartz (Vhoopi Goldberg) has already seen all of this. She is the lead record writer, and she and Celeste were excellent support networks for another 15 years. When Celeste is freaking, Rosie offers her to write six months: "We'll just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "Well, then, another Lama, Fernando Lamas, come on!" Such a distorting line must be quite offensive to even live actor Lorenz Lamas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (died 1982). Those who can remember the economics teacher (Ben Stein) at Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986), as he calls Bueller Bueller Bueller, will take the secret pleasure of seeing him again as a writer. Another well-hidden member of the acting team is Garri Marshall (in real life, Mr Happi Dais and Brother Penny), who "gets $ 1.2 million to make decisions about the command" to the Sun also sets up - says he definitely loves "peppi and cheap" ; and Carrie Fisher as Betsi Faie Sharon, who is a "whore". Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is a "delicious-with-spoon" (and he, by the way) an evening theater actor has now saved from his Hell David Seaton Barnes (Robert Dovnei Jr), and returned to the same show he conserved 20 years earlier. Of course, this presents some logical challenges for the current screenwriter because his character, Rod Randall, should have been thrown off so many years ago. Somehow they develop logical difficulties, and Jeffrey Anderson turns away from wonders. Celeste can now only get worse, and her trick to cross over the bridge in Washington no longer helps. First, her arms shake as she tries to put on a mascara, but soon turns into a stalker. Unfortunately, Geoffrey Anderson can not be solved so easily. Jeffrey has been promised to develop his one-member show about Hamlet, and he wants to keep the producer of that promise. "I'm not coming back to Florida, no, how!", Hard Geoffrey. "You're trying to play Villie Loman in front of a bunch of old farts who eat a meat loaf!" And indeed, watching Geoffrey's theater regime for dinner among all hacking and accidents is hilarious. Returning to Florida in her suite by Willie Lomon in her room, Jeffrey Anderson used to be afraid to invite him to the stage as "Mr. He was forced to scratch any cock crows crawling over his TV and using the pliers instead of a broken analogue channel, now he is a tasty surgeon who met Laurie Craven, the new ingenue show, and beautiful Elizabeth Shu (like Laurie) completes an incredible ensemble that all performs the fantastic job of those who know the stereotypes well, but of course the path to true love he never went to Mr Montana Moorehead (Cathi Moriarti) is getting impatient and waiting for her star to rise and become desperate for some publicity. Will her plots eventually succeed? Will Celeste calm down his nerves, or he will first kill Tavneia? Will the producer get Mr Fuzzy? - You'll just have to look at the other half of this extremely cute, fictitious malignant riot, the glasses that live from TelePrompter. video rental. Soapdish (1991) is an unavoidable jewel that you will have to see again and again, because it's not often that the movie can deliver so abundantly with so many hilarious lines. This is a very well-designed humor, almost everything in writing. A rooster with flame sisters (1974) for the turbulent values ​​of apoplexy, although otherwise different. Watch and cry. A happy source for someone's video addiction. 10 of 10
