A few years ago, I bought (and enjoyed) a two-color DVD MGM two Colchester TV films, NIGHT STALKER (1971) and NIGHT CLOSE (1972). When the Universal Set of the following TV series came out, I intended to buy it immediately - but the rumors of playback problems with the scary DVD-18 prevented me from adding them to my collection; I recently posted an online order that consisted of a set of discounted Universal Bok sets and decided to pick up the KOLCHAK 3-Discer. Now I watched it, I can safely say that I am not sorry that we got one dear (if short-lived) series of crime / horror: a standardized formula can follow - a persistent and resourceful journalist Carl Kolchak, whom was wonderfully played by Darren McGavin, intruding into his hair with his attitude (the disturbed editor Simon Oakland, longtime colleagues, various authoritarian figures, a multitude of monsters and villains, face an inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat, but, ultimately, is under pressure to keep his story secret - but the winner (further) was prompted by the impressive line of visiting stars and sight-seeing credits behind the scenes, which showed great fun. However, the quality varies from one episode to the next, and modest budgets give them results and effects make-ups that sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, a waswolf in the same name and a stupid creature of the alligator in the last edition) - not to mention the fact that they were limited to 50-minute programs and intended for family consumption, instead of excluding simplified and comprehensive display His often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of a werewolf, again, he never saw anyone, but, somewhat stupid, he was made to throw people around)! While the cynical story of a hero makes a lot to get involved in fantastic complications, in each episode there is a healthy dose of comedy (often, but not exclusively, that revolves around McGavin's relationship with Oakland or Geeki reporter Jack Grinnage) - not to talk about a reasonable atmosphere (the ambience is mostly Chicago) and uncertainty. To make the drive even more comfortable, Gil Melle 'and Jerry Fielding have a scoring score. For the record, monsters with whom Kolchak met (but not always won) during the series are: revived Jack The Ripper, various cults (voodoo, Native American, Aztec), aliens, vampire, waswolves (bypassing its widely known concept, so that this episode is completely placed on a cruise ship!), Duplegangera, satanist, swamp creature, massive power, robot, master, witch, headless motorcyclists, succulent, knight armor taking their killer life (an episode with perhaps the best Auxiliary acting actors - John Dehner as silly and Captain of the Police, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) and the Crocodile. Some of the actors (except those who play colleagues from Kolchak) are returning in the same roles - Keenan Vinn and Ramon Bieri (and as Law Officers), John Fiedler (as a smart servant in the morgue) and Richard Kiel as two different heroes of the hero. If I were forced to choose the best (or the most entertaining) episodes, I would rely on THE HORROR IN HEIGHTS (played by Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and the above mentioned COVERAGE - while, as the weakest, I would go to THE VEREVOLF the reasons I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story invented by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). Unfortunately, the set contains no add-ons: it would be nice to see the story of the many concepts that KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER deals with, as well as putting the series in the context where TV was at the time of the original broadcast, or even signifying a permanent the influence he had on the seemingly endless series of science-fiction series of popular ones today. In fact, Kolchak himself, a much younger and seemingly darker man, appeared in a revival in 2005; this version is available on the local DVD rental channel ... but for various reasons, I'm not sure I would like to check it so soon after 1974-5!
