When originally screened in America in 1972, 'The Night Stalker' became the highest rated TV movie. a film in history. Based on an unpublished novel by Jeff Rice, he said that an intrepid investigative journalist named Carl Kolchak (late Darren McGavin) discovered the existence of a vampire in today's Las Vegas. When she arrived on British television four years later, it did not have the same impact, but my friends talked about it at the school on Monday morning, as it was. We all agreed that this was one of the most exciting things to see. I did not know about the existence of 'The Night Strangler' until it appeared nearly ten years later. I.V.V., who was showing films "Kolchak", obviously decided to transfer the spin-off series; they felt that Barnaby Jones played Buddy Ebsen to be more reminiscences, and viewers could confuse 'Kolchak' with 'Kojak'! For years, my only source of information about the show was an article in the Fangoria magazine. I could not even buy a novel by Jeff Rice. Then something wonderful happened. In 1990, B.B.C.-2 introduced the show as part of late evening series devoted to supernatural Misteri Train, hosted by Richard O'Brian. 'Kolchak' found himself rubbing with people like 'Brain Eaters' and 'Earth Vs.' The Spider '. The initial titles were shortened, the removal of Kolchak whistle, and the final credits ... well, there were none. The first episode of 'The Werewolf' is shown. I can not say I was too impressed, but I stayed with her, and am I glad to do it! I really would like to see her in 1974. Spooky, witty, exciting, it's no wonder that she fired Chris Carter's imagination. Of course, McGavin was the greatest advantage of the show. Unlike the recent Kolchak, the original was the character of every man, eccentrically trained, rather conservative. It was supernatural that 'Columbo' was a crime. The late Simon Oakland was also great as Kolchakov's bad boss Toni Vincenzo. The scripts are flooded with a beautiful, dry spirit. I enjoyed the program more for humorous content than horror. When the twenty-episode ended, I felt deprived. "X Files" came a few years later and filled out the void - but only somewhat. I wanted Kolchak and Vincenzo to come back. I'm glad the show was never revived. Without Oakland, it would not be the same. Now I have Rice's books and read them several times. I was very surprised when Stephen King declared the first (in his book 'Danse Macabre'), because he is as good as anything he wrote. Well, so some of the monsters were barely the most modern, but then what? The new 'Kolchak' has completely missed the original. What you do not see sometimes is more scary than what you do ... Best episode - "Horror in the worst episodes" - "Watch"
