I loved KOLČAK: NIGHT STALKER since I saw him on the night of the premiere on September 13, 1974. I loved monsters that at the time looked scary and cool music by Gile Melee (hey, where are the musicians?) I often thought about what makes this show so completely for me, and finally I concluded that the reason for this is when many others are not one simple, important element that almost no other fearsome appearance seems to be, and this is the main character that most people can relate to on a daily basis. When Karl Kolchak of Darren McGuin begins to discover strange situations, he reacts as most people would. He finds them strange and approaching danger, he is scared, even if he knows he must move forward to try to win whatever danger he presents in that episode. It is rare that it is brave enough to confront a supernatural supernatural power. Usually he sets a trap and hides or waits on the wings to see if he is working. Sometimes it seems surprising that he managed to win the enemy like us. In one episode, he goes to find a monster in the sewer, but when he sees it for the first time, he runs to get out of there, but he is trapped so reluctantly that he must return and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do things that most of us would probably not do, but that does not mean that he probably would not want someone else to do it for him. He's an ordinary guy, doing a job, trying to get, not a monster hunter. He just wraps up into things that involve supernatural, for which he has an interest, but does not want to be hurt or killed more than any of us. If his plan to win a creature fails, you will often see him running for his life to get out of it, which is of course what I would do in that situation. That's why I, as a kid, often watched the culmination of plays through my fingers. The cot was nice and you wanted something bad to happen to him. You were scared for both him and other characters. Producers and writers obviously knew that everyone could create a monster suit, scary music and direct an uncertain scene, but that's all worthless if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGuinn said that the reason that the show lasted only during the season was that he was tired of keeping the show "monster of the week" and decided not to continue. I can tell you that I regretted when this show was canceled when I was a kid, but as an adult, I see why it could not be long in that formula. I still love 20 episodes and two films that played McGavin as a messy, decisive and rude but good heart INS reporter, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who makes real-life performances or films ever will understand why I love the show. These are not monsters, dark-lighted sets, freaky music or stupid guest stars, although they are all vital ingredients. The secret of her success is exactly in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's lovely, relentless Carla Kolchak to fight for and take care of him, then it's not just Night Stalker.
