This must be, hands down, hats, one of the hottest comedy ever made. Starting with animated blowing, bubble bursting, Daitime Avards, common fake nonsense rolled out of the stars on a red carpet, a traumatic and bad speech acceptance, poisonous comments uttered by actor jealous actors and producers, under a fake smile. Now it's only the first few minutes. Then all hell breaks out from there and becomes more mellow and funnier. Mixed in a good way, no, do this great way. This was the first time I've ever seen a charming Teri Hatcher. Although maybe I'm not a follower of Desperate Housevives, it's always in a state of watching - the same goes for Lois & Clark. It's not a big follower, but if I come across an episode, I'll watch it. Robert Dovei, ml., A real big turn like a slick, rude, snappy, pedantic David Seaton Barnes, a producer who will give his right eye to see Celeste Talbert Sally Field leave the show if he just finally comes up with Monti Moorehead from Cathy Moriarti. Moriarti absolutely shines in this movie, just like anywhere else. Here, all he has to do is scream: "I hate to hate you to be taken!" or give one of their anti-Celestine conspirators a wicked smile, and she swallowed me in the passageways. Yes, Cathy Moriarti is a very gifted actress and one hellish comedian. Salli Field is grateful with the usual 70-mm movies about the tragedy of the week, and we all remembered why she is the one who is today, she started in a comedy scared of nothing. Her long drama hide her sense of humor, but as a caterpillar in a cashew, a brilliant comedian, she flourished and it was joyous to see her as hilarious. The thing with the dramatic actors and actresses is that you see it in such difficult, serious roles that you associate them with their character and you can not believe it when you see them finally being entertained on the screen. How happy are Carrie Fisher's carriers landed, at least on glorified rings. She does not understand what the presence is on the screen. She assumes a role that, in the hands of a smaller actress, could easily be forgotten, but she has a character and seems to have written it herself. How lucky she got Elisabeth Shue thrown in the middle of all this! At that time she was not very familiar. The adventures in keeping the children were kinda sweet (yes, I was dragged on the evening show for which I had to pay the full price), but she did not keep my attention - - a lot. But here she mostly uses the niece - the star that falls in love with the former star and the lover of a star who, of course, turns out to be the father of a niece, and the star turns out to be the Mother of the Poor Girl. I will stop there - I feel that I have practically written a book about this brilliant comedy, or at least a novelty. If you saw him, then remember. If you did not, you missed the real classic, but not exactly. DVDs are made of materials that will last at least 25 years, and this film is timeless, so what the hell is.
