Rarely Bill Crain from a rare 'slasher' film certainly does not follow the standard guidelines of stem and slash that have become so important to his colleagues. This time, Bogeiman uses grenades and small arms, as well as a terrible array of crowded weapons; - a sin that is practically unacceptable in most parts of the genre after the Halloween. But there is still enough knowledge that scammer fans can check the rules, and the shop never goes far from the road you've grown to expect. As surprisingly pleasing Valli Koz 555 was apparently assembled with the help of various members of his family, Mirage seemed to be a joint production of the cousins ​​of the director. Looking at the points, I noticed numerous "Crains" that were in key positions during the construction. But despite fairly good distribution around the world, the film has not managed to leave a single impression on one side of the Atlantic, and now it has become quite a boy on the VHS market. Still, this just made me like even more, and that's why I strained my resources to follow the copy? Everything takes place amidst desserts, which, as I'm sure you will agree, is not the most exciting site. However, in this regard, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance that any curious John K Lewis will appear unexpectedly. Four incomprehensibly beautiful young men go to the sand in the night of disappointment and joy that seems to be mistaken for maniacs of murder. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet with funny nuptial hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Marie (Nicole Anton) in a camp to change direction in the middle of a wild-like dune. Gregov's elder brother, Todd Schaefer, and his adult girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert), soon appear in order to join candidates for counting bodies in search of an early grave. Kile was used to Chris before his younger brother took the liberty to steal his grip? something Kyle does not seem to want to forget. Sounds like a motive for a massacre? So what did you expect? Soon, an uninvited man drives a truck with tinted windows joining a set with a unique set of tricks in his sleeve. Will any of the children survive to appear for the sequel? I had a problem finding information about this feature. I do not even know if director Bill Crain is known as Villiam Crain? a man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear on his official filmography, so your assumption is as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the camera, I must say that it's hard for me to believe this is a man's debut without a previous film experience. The film is exquisitely photographed with the excellent work of the DP Michael Crain, and the director boasts credible talent for building uncertainty when needed. The baptist Christopher Biggs FKS was imaginatively created and terrible, and the honor for a drowsy head with BBFC, which inexplicably let go through UNCUT on a typically tough rating. A few murders are really terrible. One man was buried in the sand in the sand before he came face to face with a grenade, while the other ended up literally without a leg after losing a battle with a chain and a truck! There is also some black humor that is surely unintentional. We spend most of this thing watching only the killer boots while leaving the vehicle and walking for the young. But when it is discovered that it is hilariously similar to Keanu Reeves about Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I did not really know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things dreary, and the Shovdovn is particularly spurred by the spirit while the psychopath causes Chris to the sadistic. There are some surprisingly good performances at the show of an extremely inexperienced team. Divine Jennifer McAllister works great as a heroine and B.G. Hands portrayed with his acting dementia with fine. The director of Casting has chosen to wisely select some of the most beautiful females ever slaughtered in a slasher movie, and this is not grateful for the spy potential. Soundtrack works well to build a relaxation of the atmosphere of isolation, which is carefully managed by a director who was to be signed and raised by Hollywood actors. Watch out for the wonderful nightmare sequence that really makes a movie about horror movies at its worst. Mirage is a good late entry into a cycle that was somewhat unfortunate to miss the year boom among the slasher elites. When you consider that this is done only with seven and a truck, you must say that they did a damn good job. The disadvantages are numerous, but they never diminish the credibility of the net results. Unfortunately, you probably have more chances to find liquid gold in a cup of coffee than you ever asked for a copy. If you see this dust covered on the top shelf of your local video store, then make sure it is picked up. Recommended.
