It's hard to watch this movie without thinking that the TV show will become, especially if, like me, you prefer a TV show. But there is much that could be said about the source. Oscar Madison (Valter Matthau) is a top sports writer in New York City who lives in an eight-room apartment, a divorcee victim and his stubbornly negligent way of thinking. Enter your friend Felika Ungara (Jack Lemmon), who needs a place to live after being kicked out by his wife for his stubborn reflection. The result is the wreckage of the train and one of the most favorite film adaptations of Neil Simon's theatrical performance. Poker table, darts, baseball player paintballs, empty containers for drinks and beer, and even a couple of Roman pillars. It's a place where men can be boys. Simon and director Gene Sachs are working great on the opening of a set of theater performances, the Oskar's Living Room, moving actions to the bedroom and kitchen, and giving increasing tension between the Oscars and Feliks more angles to refuse. Neal Heftie's famous scam was heard in a TV show, but she has never been so extensively orchestrated as it is here, in several different arrangements that make the action on the screen floating whenever it's playing. The real work and nightly footage of Manhattan give the movie a common energy for movies taken at that place and time ("Buddving", "The Vorld Of Henri Orient", "Midnight Covboi", "Manchurian Candidate", "Rosemary's Babi"). Are Lemmon and Matthau too heavy compared to Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? To be honest, the film should be a more serious matter, dealing with the then unusual conditions of divorce in the Middle Ages and the frustrations inherent in the failure to establish a relationship. Simon has more to remember than to enter Felix and Oscars in the game "Password" or the battle of wit with Howard Cosell. But I do not know ... </ i> And Lemmon and Matthau were great comedians. I enjoy watching especially in the middle of this film, as I often do in their special films, but I never understood why they are considered a great comedy. Here, in their best partnership, they seem to behave in two different films; Lemmon in comedy drama and Matthau in Farce. Matthau is great at first, charming us with his honey behavior at the poker table, but at the end of the film he turns much like Jack Torrance to "The Shining", reacting to Feliche to clean his apartment and serve. delicious food for your friends in a way that completely distorts the delicate balance of guilt. As my end ends, the part that many see as the hardest, the beginning, works well as I see it. Watching Felix stumbling over an attempt to kill is not a great comedy, but it's a good way to get into a great comedy, putting us in with some real pain before you bring in warmth and laughter. (In addition, there are some great shots of the city's smallest parts.) In the middle of the movie, this scene would be a misconception, but it works as a way of establishing Felix's torment and a sense of sharp relief to come when we see Oscar and his poker friends fight and cheat. There are Simon's lines there so big. They are the basic strength of the film. He gets a joke right and real, and it's still funny. "I do not mind what you're talking about, Felix. You have something to say. What scares me is to start listening." TV shows showed how wrong it is to assume that the film is always better, in fact, TV shows were once a good point to "guess" anything, but the film makes a solid foundation and is a joy for itself.
