The original movie, The Unusual Couple, has some wonderful comics. It seems that the whole world knows the story of the neurotic neat freak of Feliks Ungar and the ridiculous, disgusting, unfortunate Oscar Madison. This pairing of unmanaged roommates has created one of the most successful TV series of all time, as well as innumerable, but not any similar imitation. Odd Couple movie has some wonderful jokes about Oscar's apartment and its messy habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his poker friends asks: "What do you have?" Oscar says: "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" It's either a very new cheese or very old meat! "And I love the line about the Oscars' refrigerator," For two weeks now, I've seen the milk that stood there, not even in the bottle! "that Oskar Madison, Valter Matthau, is happy to watch on the screen, is almost as good as Jack Klugman's version in the TV series. The film problem is Felik Ungar, Jack Lemmon. he made Feliks so depressed and depressed to become more boring than the comic, and Tony Randall's performance in the series brought Felic's character of humor, warmth and sensitivity. Toni Felik Unger could obviously have been an irritating part of the time, however, in the TV series, this was related to specific situations in which the garbage was needed Film in the story of the movie, it seems to be never happy, fun, or inter esting. Movie Felik Ungar is a roommate who steadily leads you to the wall. The film still has great moments that endure the test of time, "the famous "The struggle with meat loaves is one of the greatest scenes ever!" One of the other great examples of Felix's "little notes" on the Oskar Pillow will be forever remembered. However, there are some darker sides on which Oscar crosses the top, His "wailing" near the end Felix, and a scene that includes Felix's Linguin Dinner, (although the witty funny line) is more depressing than comical. Maybe there was not enough time to see the brighter side of these characters, making the series so unforgettable in the movie. The start of 20 minutes is very boring. The same is happening with Felix's conversation with Sister Pidgeon. The end of the film is predictable and too quiet. There is very little concern or compassion for each of them by the other. The result is that the darker side of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger, not comedy, unless you look at the great scenes described above. It seems that the monotone person of Feliks Jake Lemon brings the film instead of improving or accepting comedy between characters. It really took TV series from the 1970s to make The Odd Couple the best that could be. The original movie is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
