Some of the best movies that are categorized as "comedies" actually blurred comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassids and Sundance Kid", which were made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are these comedies with dramatic tones or dramas with a lot of humor? In many respects, the "Unusual Couple" belongs to the same category that it is a comedy, but very dramatic with deep foundations of human nature. Much of what's happening can be fun for the audience, but the characters do not dare. Despite the pretty light TV show from the 1970s, the original "Odd Couples" is not just about a regular type. and a messy guy who is forced to live together because of a marital situation. These are really two opposites that must face the reasons why their marriages have dissipated and how their harmful personality is revealed outside of their marriage. The accuracy, characteristic of Feliks Ungara (perfectly Liqueur Lemon Lemon) and the clutter, the feature of Oscar Madison (Valter Matthau), are just beginning and somewhat superficial. As the story unfolds, we have discovered that these people are far more than just a regularity in relation to disorder. In short, the story is actually about Felix Ungar, who must face the upcoming divorce from his wife Franja. which we never meet, but is an important character in the whole story. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place that knows: Oscars Madison's apartment where a group of poker friends often hang out. We learned that Ungar is not just a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what's happening to him and tries, in their incompetent way, to help. Madison finds it the best way to help Ungar permit him to get in with him until his suicidal tendencies are withdrawn. Unfortunately for Madison, he does not know what to do. Madison is a fortunate happy fortune if the irresponsible servant was last cleared when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is capturing molten cheese and inserting between two pieces of bread, and then throwing the contents of a bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, he enjoys drinks and women, they have a good time for a good time. Ungar is not only completely different, it is diametrically opposed. It is not just obsessive craziness that finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than getting to know women, but knows more than most women are doing cooking and fine meals. At one point she calls her ex-wife not to talk about reconciliation, but to get a recipe for a meat loaf. At another moment, Ungar will spend the rest of the evening by cutting cabbage salad. When Madison seems not to be impressed, Ungar finally admits that it worked only for his roommate because he can not stand a salad. Who is this guy? But he has another precious feature: Felic is a hypochondriac. He is obsessed with his health to the extent that he makes strange sounds in public places by claiming to help his sinuses. Looks like he has every medical condition in the book. And if they did more, Felix would likely have them. In the end, he is overly self-satisfied. Running through the movie are references to marriage. At one point when Madison tries to convince Ungara to come in, he says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But he knows a little that he is not a handsome guy who can not handle a messy guy, but vice versa. Their friendship becomes an unconscious hellish connection. And the climax happens when the Oscar invites two lonely British sisters to socialize with comical and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of this type ever written and not missed, with the superlative performances of Valter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine playing better than anyone. It's sad that the writing of this caliber unfortunately is missing most of the comedies that are being produced today.
