There is more to be offered at the opening Odd Couples than in the majority of the films. Felik Unger (a poor monogram even swears him) checks the hotel in New York. The cleaner says "Good night." "Goodbye," he answered. In his room he empties his pockets, and then he struggles to take off his wedding dress just to properly put items in his envelope addressed to his wife and beloved children. When does the viewer finally put it together? Yeah, he's gonna get off? are we looking at how to bother to open a window? oh, no, he's gonna jump? The poor guy hurt the lower back. This is all you need to know about Felic Unger? his wife left him, he is a compulsive cleanser and hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is a special genius of comedy Neil Simon? It's about the situation and the character. There are several obvious physical jokes? no bumps in the groin, there are no cheap gags? just ridiculous characters in unfavorable situations. And, of course, he is a master of manipulation to the expectations of the audience. Coming from Svingers era, imagine what I was thinking on the scene when Felic began to complain about the break of a marriage with girls whose roommate Oscar had so hard to get into his apartment. He smokes, is not he? Think again. Girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry in front of them. They called him back to their place, because his loaf of bread was burned because Oscar did not pay enough attention to it. He's like Flinn, is not he? Uh, yes, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Great stuff. It's made even more with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes a beautiful set of eight rooms. You have Jack Lemmon and stupid Valter Matthau for God, why are you kidding? The visual style reminded me of Breakfast at Tifani, in this great effect, which is made from a great depth of field and interaction between different action plans. Especially remembering the scene in which Felic, running away from the Oscars, closes the partition only to realize that the division does not cover the side from which Oscar comes. You get the real feeling of arranging the apartment, and thus the proximity in which two divorced people live. Is this the two really married? to each other. Therefore, obser- vations about marital life that could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy have become even more painful because they are two.
