I do not think I have ever given Valter Matthau a comedian. He was certainly wonderful in many involved roles, but I guess his success always reduced him to the grumpiness and disadvantage of his characters, the rough contrast to the brilliant personality of his frequent co-star Jack Lemon, and, I presume, natural personality. an extension of his earlier work on dramatic images. Looking at Gene Saxo's Odd Couple (1968), adapted from Neil Simone's popular game, the realization suddenly clung: Matthau is, in itself, absolutely ridiculous! He initially impressed the audience as filthy, coarse and generally unattractive; his Oscar Madison finally managed to break into our hearts, culminating in a hysterical full recognition of the emotions that Matthau waved in a voice that is not entirely his. At the same time, while being a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect; Indeed, the movie rightfully belongs to both actors, who have never managed to illuminate the film screen itself, let alone together. Call for Billy Wilder's script for "Stan (1960)", this comedy Neil Simon is built around a pretty morbid premise. Compulsory home cleaner Felik Unger (Lemmon), who just kicked out his wife for twelve years, is trying to commit suicide, but unsuccessfully leaves the idea after he ruins his back trying to open the hotel window. He gave up, he came to the house of a good friend of Oscar (Matthau), a divorced peasant living alone on a diet of potatoes and green sandwiches (which may contain either very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but soon he is flooded with his friend's fine personality and constant insistence on absolute purity. The couple form an unusual marital arrangement, with Felic assuming the role of a feminine and incessantly fierce woman, and Oscar is a messy, unrecognizable husband who always comes home later than he should have. This is a marriage that barely lasts three weeks, and by the end of it, we can totally sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who remains invisible. 'Unusual couple' is a great comedy, primarily because it has a lot of hearts. For all of their discussion, it is obvious that two roommates have a lot of love towards each other, most obviously when Felik tries to launch in a fierce trick, instead? maybe unintentionally ?? ending with the Oscars informing him of his "peak". Four poker buds in the pair (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larri Haines) are also constantly fighting each other for some unclear distraction, but you can not deny that they have the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him might have sounded good in theory, but perhaps ignoring was not the right solution for Felix's gloomy feelings of inadequacy and inconsistency. Unlike some comedies based on popular stage performances (Recently I was disappointed with Vilder's Seven Years of Purple (1955), this film not only strikes the same chord, and the relationship between the two guides progressively evolves through tears, laughter and many disagreements .
