In the 1930s, studios would use short films like this one as a trial ground for new actors, given their relative ease of production in relation to feature-length films, so it is interesting that this should be played by Shirley Temple, which has long been established herself as the most famous star of the child of all time. Again, she probably was not tested, I suppose it would be Frank Coghlan Jr., who played Shirley Brother Sonny in the film and provided relatively less impressive performance. Then again, the 9-year-old Shirley Temple was not an easy task. The film opens with unimaginable eyes that include an exhausting ceiling, which I presume is designed to have Shirlei Temple scornfully looking at the ceiling, illustrating the status of the working class in the film, and providing a clear transition to the next scene, on which Shirley's cheering in the rain. It's Sonny's birthday, and his father makes occasional and terrible efforts to hide the fact that he wants to give Sonnie the dog he really wants for himself, but Sonny is afraid of dogs because once he was hit by one of them and always has fallen from. Interestingly, when his father insists on getting a dog, Sonny decides to run away from home instead of having a dog in the house, and running away without a destination in sight, it is also strange that the film illustrates what seems to be indifference to homeless people who exceed even and the amazing indifference that exists today. The sonny passes by the man who bakes bacon in the iron plate on the side of the railway (immediately after the train has flown, given how close it is to the traces it was, he would have thought that he would ruin the guy immediately, but regardless of everything. Sonny abandons the sharing of breakfast because of the fierce gaze his boyfriend receives, he goes on and the homeless disappears from the film. It is interesting to consider what a longer film would do, because this leaves this poor man as a free end. This is important, Sonny soon hear the dog that squeals and underneath his legs as he was crossing and jumping down to find a dog-covered dog.It might seem banal to take a dog at once and adopt it because he just left the house for fear of dogs, but it seemed that he just should not be reminded of his dog power over the dogs, but to their lack of power over him. As soon as he saw the dog in need he overcame his fear. Hey, if that's all it takes, all I need to do is find helpless spider, and I'm ready! It's a very handsome movie in which everything works exactly the way it should be, but it's sweet enough and pleasantly enough (and short enough, as it was) to still be a fun movie. We do not expect an epic plot in a 19-minute movie, but Pardon Mi Pups still has a significant amount of story and character development in a short time. Also, there is a scene at the end of the movie that made Charlie Chaplin proud. I'm hardly a Shirley Temple movie expert, but it's not hard to see how she became the most famous child of all time.
