I got this film from a relative in Norway and I had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with Telemark's heroes (1965), Kampen and Tungtvannet (Heavyweight Fighting) cast sabotage on their roles, although actors also acted to play the roles of saboteurs who had a life in the Norwegian fight for freedom in later campaigns. The action takes place in four languages: Norwegian with French, German and English (together with Norwegian subtitles). Impressive during this historical period was what led to the struggle. French scientists were interested in getting some two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hidro in Vemork to return to France to do laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in getting heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could lead an early invasion of Norway, and through secret codes, their man carefully avoided Nazi spies on his journey to Oslo where he received heavy water and returned it without interference. It was followed by two spies while boarding the plane, but they did not see him jumping to the other side where he crossed the asphalt on another plane near where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick used a plane like a bait that the Nazis later forced into Hamburg. However, the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro and it was in the Norwegian underground and British intelligence service in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered the services of eleven young Norwegians; "Svallov" and "Gunnerside" groups that successfully sabotage the production of heavy water in Vemork. This is detailed in detail as to how they actually performed the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis left the Norsk Hydro and took a heavy load of water onto the wagons in Berlin. The quality of the film was honest although there were many joints in the film. I recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the history of the Second World War.
