A funky farce in the world of glamorous soaps! This movie is hilarious! You must, however, have a taste for movies with screaming, hysterical dialogue, acting and melodramatic complications. But if you do, you have a hell of a treat. Salli Field plays Celeste Talbert, a daily TV show "The Queen of Pain". Celestine's life's life was thrown into a reversal with the unexpected arrival of Elisabeth Shue, her long-lost nephew, and, at the same time, Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - adorable as ever), Celestine longtime lover. But Celeste hid a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could bring him to the surface. Add to Devil Montana Moorehead (beautiful Keti Moriarti, in a full "beautiful woman with testosterone in a free way"), who is trying to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Dovnei, Jr.), a soap maker who secretly planned with Montana to destroy Celeste; and, Rose Schvarz (Vhoopi Goldberg), scenario writer, and Celestin is a genuine trustee, and you're looking to support subplot and general chaos. Chaotic comedies such as these are difficult to execute (does anyone remember 'Miked Nuts'?), but when it's fine, it can be pretty funny! The main ingredient that is necessary for any good comedy is the casting of experienced professionals who know that many times the funniest things are not spoken, but are seen in the expression or appearance. Field, Kline, Goldberg, and everything else work together so well and obviously have good fun that it's hard not to entice them with their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but she only attracts attention to herself because she is surrounded by Field, Kline, and so on. Moriarti is a stand-out in the role of a striking criminal, making you think of the hottest bloody Dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many famous faces that you will recognize in small (but very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathi Najimi and Terry Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman maintains speed and speed that moves towards a great goal. One should also mention the script of Robert Harling, carefully designed to carry out the soap opera in the soap opera. The dialogue is colored by the big lines, which the actors bring brilliantly (I am willing to bet that much is improvised). Look, if you want to see a bunch of professionals who are doing what they do best and have great fun, they get hands on this. If not for anything else, it will bring you into a good mood and laugh!
