This film is full of stocks of horror movies: bunched lunatics, murder before meditation, crazy (unclear lesbian) scientist with another crazy father who wears a mask due to his horrible mutilation, poisoning, spooky castles, insects (males) and females), adultery, killed lovers, Tibetan mystics, half-man / half a plant victim of an unnamed experiment, grave robbery, mind control, walled bodies, car accidents on a lonely road, electric shock, knights in the armor - everything on top, with an incredibly terrible result and some worst of Foley's r prayer ever. The script is incomprehensible (even by poor standards of Spanish horror film), and part of editing is just bizarre. In one scene where a leading female evil scientist goes to visit our heroine in his bedroom for one of the badly named: "It's fantastic. I do not understand. Explain to me again how this is ..." the scene of exposure that interferes with this. film, there is suddenly a hand shaking the girl's thighs as she rises from the bed for no reason, except to cover the cut into a bad scientist "Mvahaha! All of your insects belong to mine!" talk. Although, why they went to disturbance, I do not know, because there are many other jumping jumps all over the place - even if you let a horrible pan and scan the print that I saw. The director was, according to an interview with a star, drunk for most of the shooting and the movie looks like that. It's an unclear mess. This is even more uneven with the inclusion of wolf-gun images from the second film "The Mark of the Wolf Man" (made 4 years earlier, with the same actor, but playing a role with more aggression and with a different shirt and makeup) IS there The word in Spanish for "Continuity "?") and more falling of the other actor in the wolfhound as he approaches the long shot. The music is incredibly bad that almost by chance differs from full orchestral music music, the Bosnian, the longest piano and gong duet ever recorded. (Thinking about it may not have been a duet, perhaps it was solo. The part of the piano was so simple that it could be picked up with one hand while the player hit the gong with the other.) /> This is one of the the smallest trans-state that brings me bad films for the year. Enjoy. Anxious line: "Ilona! This madness and malice will turn against you!" How true. Favorite shot: A lover, revealing his girlfriend killed, dropping a candle in a cartoon surprise display. There's an amateur director here.
