Someday somebody will write an essay that will compare Paul's "Furi of the Wolfman" with the great Spanish surrealistic films, "L'Away D'Or" and "Un Chien Andelou." Naschi film is a masterpiece of delirium from the beginning to the end. Did and Bunuel probably liked him and ate their heart when they saw someone with such ease see what they had to put their brains on. The film lacks a cohesive structure even though it has a plan that moves from A to B at C. Some confusion about "Professor Walterman" - his name, is there something that has caught an Iet monster during an expedition to Tibet and it was not the same since then, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the crazy daughter of a famous doctor, Wolfgang, knows about his condition and reveals that his wife cheated on him. But this is the basis for a weird scientific experiment that will free its inner beast. "Valterman" turns, turns into a werewolf, kills a few people, struggles with electricity, dies, is buried, buried, killed. to a trap filled with circus freaks, connected with various machines, baked with various electronic effects, injected powerful elixirs, bound, turned into a waswolf, women in an evening dress with high Nazi fetish boots. escapes, helps a beautiful female doctor find the way out of the castle, defends a circus freak with a battle ax, eventually returns to the invertebrate and must fight to death against the female incarnation of his wife's wolf injuries. A lady with Nazi boots shoots him with silver bullets from her Luger pistol, they die together, and a beautiful doctor goes in the morning with a reportable reporter who is nothing. "Look! What a wonderful day!" "La furia del Hombre Lobo" was written by Paul Naschi in a hurry. The original director Enrikue Eguilez was fired and replaced by Jose Maria Zabalza, a drunkard who was drunk unscrupulously during the entire production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to send his fourteen-year-old nephew to make some changes to the script) and Naschi eventually directed a large number of films that were not reviewed. Zabalza managed to collect some action scenes from one of the previous Naschi films, "Mark of the Wolfman". Fortunately, the scene were good enough to be used twice even if the costumes were different, and they helped to get out of the game after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the film. Post production was a nightmare. Nobody knew who the editor, the money is gone, the master is gone for a while, and then the screening for distributors came CEO and Zabalza caught urinating in the gutter in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find a toilet, but at least he reached the curb. Still, the film works somehow, if you allow it. This is the key in these atavistic memories we have of dark castles, catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy wetlands. Fans of such things will find it hypnotic to watch even if the story as a whole does not make much sense because of the cracked discontinuity of execution. In one scene, his rain and wolf cry on the lightning; in the next shot his bone was dry and he shot at a full moon. Then it rains again. And yet, you do not look at it like a ghaf. It is like a dream in which contradictions take place, the opposites are the same, and the effects continue to cause; The first tower raises the power cable and screams, and then the cable begins to light up. People say her low budget is damaging overall efficiency - I say that the movie would be unacceptable if they had ten more cents for consumption. It's a miracle to make something out of nothing and fail because of what he could, but because of what he is doing. It's easy to laugh at such things, and it's even easier to throw them away. The trick is to be able to see through a mess, or rather to look at chaos as part of the effect. Paul Naschi died last week at the age of 75. year or more, worked on film projects until the last day, but she died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy for a man who stubbornly follows his artistic vision into the face of universal mainstream indifference. And yet, there is an eleven-year-old kid in all of us who will watch his films such as "Furi of the Wolfman" in a wild fear. Even people who do not like Euro Horror will discover something in this movie to admire, at least for a minute in a few places. You can find it for free at Archive.Org or even buy it on a nickel DVD. It's worth far, much more. Funny, Naschi was horrified when he learned that many others, like me, regard this twisted, sick, demented little movie as a classic, if not a true masterpiece of Cinema Dementia. The problems being encountered during the production of the film and the mess that was left after that may have been too personal artistic disappointment as Nasch forgiven. I would never dare to forgive him, but I will say this: I'd rather watch "Fury of the Wolfman" at its deepest, najskromijem and degraded print public domain in full-screen more than ever sitting sublime, disgusting crap Rise on cineplekes swine flu this or some other weekend. The world lost a great artist this month. Watch his movies and remember them. 9/10
