This film takes a lot of rebuke, but it's usually based on an awesome and covered / edited version of a movie that played American television, and also released to death on VHS and DVD buying companies such as Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film never had a theater release in the States, although it was picked up by the Avco Embassy in 1973. At that time, in Spain, when there was nudity, the filmmakers recorded two versions, one with clothes and one without. A completely uncut English called ekport print was called VEREVOLF NEVER SLEEPS and it seems that it was released in a home video only in Sweden in the 1980s. It can be found on Ebai and it is recommended. I guess Avco cut off a R-rated movie that never happened. In 1974, it was released by Avco for a television called FURI OF THE VOLFMAN, and this version was used for this television press. Up to 12 years later, FURI OF THE VOLFMAN appears on the home video on the Charter chart. It seems that this version is what Avco will announce in '73. It's a revelation, with some nudity that will never go on TV or PG movie. There are several scenes in the Charter chart that are played by nudity trained in TV press (the source for all the Duda and VHS editions of these dollars). But comparison with the completely uncircumcised VOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals that the two scenes are cropped on this version! The scene in which Ilona has Valdermara tied to the wall and screaming after turning into a waswolf is incomplete. After laying it down, she began to take off her clothes and began to make love with the jeweler !!! The insect responds positively to these sexual mangans. This scene certainly belongs to one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a delicious delicacy. It's not graphic, but the implied bestiality was too much for the American audience, or more likely MPAA. Ilona was desperately in love with Valdemar and could not possibly own it, so her whole scheme was controlling Voldermaire's wife and included in the affair. She wanted to destroy his marriage, and she did it while Valdemar was in Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns the insect, but this does not slow down. If he can not physically have him as a man, he loves him enough to have sex with him like a werewolf. This also explains the later scene in which the bedding of the inferglace comes down with a woman she sees as she rattles before bed as she sneaks through her window. This scene is presented without nudity in the covered version and it really does not make sense. In an uncountable version, it seems that Ilona's affections made the wolf an inflamed and necessary release, so that he raped the first woman she could after fleeing. The second cut is the complete scene of Valdemar in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar bedroom scene is also cut from the VEREVOLF SHADOV (VEREVOLF VS VAMPIRE VOMAN) version. The film still has its problems. The director was drunk, badly standing for wolfhounds on points, sharp English duplication, inclusion of the sequences from the first Valdemar film WINDING OF WOLFMANS called FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOOD TERROR and grotesque exaggerating the music of that movie in progress, etc. seen in original widescreen format and uncircumcised (for example: VEREVOLF NEKADA SLEEP), it is one of the craziest and most unusual series of Danin Werewolves, with a parcel that does not have a bow in anything but access to the kitchen sink. Cut / wrapped pan and full-screen scanning of this movie does not do any service, and unfortunately it is the version almost all commented on the movie. The film is copyrighted in 1970, and I bet the date of entry to the IMDb in 1972 is incorrect. The film is preceded by VEREVOLF VADOVOLF SHADOV (VEREVOLF VS THE VAMPIRE VOMAN) in a series and it must have been released before VEREVOLF SHADOV. The completion of VEREVOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURI OF THE VOLFMANA directly fits into the opening of VEREVOLF SHADOV, offering concrete evidence for this. Unfortunately, the complete version of this may never get a decent release. The perfect edition would be an uncut version of the English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. English dubbing seriously hurts the movie. But each version in Spanish would reflect a cover version as shown in Spain in the era of Frank, where the nakedness was verboten.
