It sounds a bit embarrassing to call a film about the war and the Holocaust shocking, because many of us will only know about the horrors of war and violence. Using the adjective "shocking" I do not intend to imply that I'm surprised by the things that are told in this movie, or that I have been unaware of them before, only that I am very impressed with the way this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly it is terrible to kill one another, either with or without 'reason'. The first part of the film focuses on Hanno's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this show, due to inconsistent directing, but her acting is sufficiently solid and has a huge charisma. She's thrown very well like Hannah and she's got our sympathy right now. Her very nice look helps, of course, but it has nothing to do with being a good actress, who plays a good role. Certain inconsistencies continue to occur in the Hanoi War. Sometimes I get the idea that director Menahem Golan (often neglected for the murder of Gianni Versace) was in a hurry and should allow a few more moves along the scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful for having made this impressive and thoughtful film, and since I am very positive about it, I think that he did a good job. The other half of the film is the most interesting and tragic. She focuses on Hannah's suffering (she looks at the horrifying picture of Donald Pleasence about the cruel and anarchic captain of Rosie) and intensely demonstrates the injustice and horror that comes with hatred, violence and war. Primam Hanin war, especially the other half, as a strong anti-war film, and for that Golan himself deserves credit. This is the other half in which the talent of Maruschka Detmer appears, creating a figure that enters the history of the film as one of the loudest, most powerful and most tragic. It's also great to see Ellen Burstin, whose look and style of acting always reminds me of Roma Schneider, who - she was alive and acting - gave a similar effective contribution to the Hanoi War. The tragic influence of the other half and the desperate tension that sometimes confuse hope for hope and good news leads to numerous final scenes that show something so unexpectedly, both movingly and poetically in their tragedy to hit me as a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once again that it was not even fiction, everything actually happened, I found myself in more tears. The picture of Hanne by Maruschka Detmers will always be in my mind.
