I saw it when it was premiered and I again looked at it again at IFC. This is a great story about many possible stories about the immigrant population of farm workers who came to Hawaii to work on sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration; My parents were born on the plantation Kohala (Big Island) at the time of setting up the movie. I moved to Big Island more than a year after I lived in California for more than 30 years. It was surprising that many of the former crop growing countries are still underdeveloped, and wild cane continues to grow, years after the plantation has closed. I heard many stories from my aunts and uncle who were children who grew up in the plantation. This movie helps to present these kinds of stories and memories. This story is a more historical document than a romantic film that is guided by the action. She leaves me shaking my head to read the review as ccthemovieman's. Some people just do not understand it. I did not remember that Iouki Kudoh had a major role, with which he performed an incredible job. I remember her great performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film, where she plays with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning." Tamlin Tomita has done an excellent job in English, especially for someone who has not grown up on the islands. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune had a camera role as a moving picture narrator. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had a non-recruited, non-voice part as one of the plantation workers during the salary scene. I was sorry that I found out that the director and co-writer, Kaio Hatta, died in the accidental drowning in 2005. this experience with the cod plantation: "Gaijin" about immigrant workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same time period; and "Sugar Cane Allei" on the experience of the cod plantation in Africa. This latter is still available, but it seems that "Gaijin", unfortunately, has not been shown for quite a long time. Another great film about early Asian experience in America when immigrants were more slaves is "The Thousand Pieces of Gold". This was due to the involvement of Chinese workers in the construction of the track, starring Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
