I read with great interest the only available comment made before my in this film and I would first like to say that I understand the view of the previous user who commented well on this film: from the perspective of Israel, I can very well imagine that this film touches very sensitive issues and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to a viewer who is more or less directly concerned about the events shown in this film. What I would like to say is that "Distortion" was shown at the Geneva Film Festival in November 2005 (Cinema tout ecran) where it won the public prize ('Prik du public' in French). For what strikes me, I liked the "nervous recording" of Mr. Bouzagl, who, in my opinion, was very good at showing the atmosphere of extreme tension and discomfort in the film, and I think that most Swiss viewers appreciated it in the film. This perspective, however, may seem totally foreign to the Israeli spectator, but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers because the Swiss country that NEVER was exposed to any terrorist attack. It is therefore not surprising that the audience in Geneva rated this film with a much "farther" perspective. I would also like to quote what is g. Bouzaglo said when interviewing a newspaper in Geneva (translated from French): "After 50 years of life here and after we go through this violence, we can wonder if it's still possible to stay normal. Sometimes we can think it would be easier to commit suicide than to continue living. We are like characters in my movie, "at the edge of the edge". This is why a private detective, who is somehow a "voyeur", is the happiest person in the film, because he makes a living thanks to the system, he uses this situation. "This is, in essence, the main thing that I and the Swiss public in my opinion, highlighted in this film, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies with regard to the characters in the film that the previous reviewer pointed out with great precision and humor. So, to summarize, a different country = a different perspective, but I think this is somehow great, because it convinces me of what affects the future of the film, that is, it is never susceptible to 'unique' of '. The way of thinking.
