It's probably the best film director Haim Bouzaglo, so far made. A high-quality TV director, well-trained in telling stories and directing his actors through lengthy epics that he tried to capture in this very low-budget film, is the essence of a very special psychological situation in which Israelites live under constant threat of terror attacks, resulting in a 'distorted' life. Each character tries to live his life, to watch and control the other, while himself observing and controlling other characters and mainly by continuous pressure, by political and historical forces that are beyond his control. Some call it fate, but fate has a very specific representation in this film. The characters never talk about politics, even at the level of 'bastards!' when they hear a new terrorist attack. Their reaction to the events is to localize the attack and count the victims using official and media terminology for the dead and wounded. They really do not live, but survive in a borrowed time happy that they survived a bomb and are waiting for the next to happen. Personal, social, professional life seems to work somehow, but it is deeply wrong and under the influence of the event. The main character of the director is a dramatic writer whose personal and creative crisis in the Middle Ages is heightened by the pressure of events and by the fact that he is lucky to leave the site of terrorist attacks for a few minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend who is a TV investigative journalist suspected of falling into the subject of her next show - another failed man, a former army whose business and family life breaks down under those events. It starts to write a piece that carbonally copies reality and brings it to the stage, in a theater on the film scene that resembles Hamlet, as well as the 'Sinecdoche, Nev Iork'. It's not that I dare to suspect that Charlie Kaufman is looking over the shoulder of Bouzagla; he certainly does not need it, but the screen of the Israeli director is brilliant in the prediction of a later film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in the American film, actors are played by real persons and begin to communicate with them in a melancholy that meets reality and which fulfills a reality that never misses the logic, at least not the artistic logic. Bouzaglo directs its actors with the usual talent, believes them, and allows them freedom of life through situations, not their actions. His style is much more free here than in his TV shows, and the effects of 'distortion', though borrowed from American horror films, are pretty good doing business. The ending seemed to me a bit rhetorical and unsatisfactory dramatically, but the shadow of a suicide killer who is pursuing a movie and the whole situation in a time loop will also accompany viewers when they later recall this film.
