Distortion is an upsetting film, about life that imitates art and art reflecting life. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haima Bouzagla, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright who finds inspiration in the suspicion of the theme of his girlfriend's documentary film. While an Arab suicide bomber, dressed in a hat and an American shirt, wanders the landscape in search of his target and his nerves, Haim overwrites the life of his girlfriend while filming a documentary and involves himself and the lives of his actors during the rehearsal. But the bomber had already hit and Haim left the restaurant just minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is a crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbing, brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of everyday Israeli life, where the political intertwines with the personal where everyone lives "on the edge", and people never know if they play leading roles in their lives or are only inaccessible players in another's dramatic narration. Bouzaglo plays with this notion that all actors in one's production are brilliant. We are always voyeurs, watching what the fictional director sees illegally, but also what the "real" director decides to discover. To remind us that these views of privacy violations, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes in the street and roof of the bedroom) and turns his views on TV, video or security screens several times. Actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters of the actors. Of course, every actor is a star of his own production, only vaguely aware of his reduced roles in the personal films of his actors. A detective engaged by a drama writer becomes a character in the show. An actor engaged to play the role of a detective is looking for a detective for "tips" on how to play a role, the detective caught him at checkpoints, and they attend the acting parties as their own self. Despite the multiplicity of viewpoints, a clear line of this narrative can not be missed: the dramatist searches for a subject, a bomber searches for a target, and the detective gets waved by the director. Nor is there any difficulty in finding the ultimate goal of Bouzagal - a weakened and impotent Israel, a fully conscious, dangerous danger, but incapable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, an impotent fictional drama writer who casts his life for his piece. Israel is also a bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur who is the subject of a documentary by filmmakers, actors and actors who deceive a husband from a crab. They are all Israel because they are all helpless, caught in inactivity or ineffective action, because the bomber scans the landscape for his best target. All characters can do it while reporting a new bombing, having sex and keeping the "result" of the victims. There is a personal triumph, justification, perhaps a vengeance at the end of this play within a story in the movie but viewers will remain ill for the state of Israel, even when they are filled with admiration for Bouzagel's unforgettable performance of the nation in an individual's story.
