- A very beautiful redhead woman waiting for her plane is getting to know the charming young man she is joining. As the two leave and sit next to each other, young Jack becomes deadly as he threatens Lisa to either change the room in which the politician and his wife will remain, or her father will die. See, now that happens when you fly coach, such things never happen in the first class. - In addition to the flight-related conflict, the other thing that this film shares with Flightplan is pure incredibility, if it's a story. The point is that the main character changes in the politician's room, so that he can be killed, which is a fairly plausible plan, but will not it be easier for Jacka to find someone who is computer-conscious and has a hacker in the hotel system? Teens today can be damned to do anything with computers, so I'm pretty sure that it would be easier for him to find someone to change him using a computer, instead of going through something She was spying on Lisa and bringing her in trouble. One thing that seemed strange to me was that no one had even heard a thing they were talking about. This is a very small plane that spoke about this, and since their voices are occasionally raised, It seems to me that other travelers should have heard something, but I'm 100% certain that I read too much. The film is intended to be realistic as an episode of "24" so it can not be confused with this complexity. always a very fun movie to do the job. It's not exactly the type that requires you to close your brain, but at the same time it does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy. - I would like to sit here in my comfortable chair and Rave about the great star in the movie, but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I love Brian Coka, but they do not really stretch their muscles. This is not a big problem, because this is not a movie that the study hopes will win multiple prizes, and the acting is not at all terrible, it's just not great. Ves Craven is not the first to come to mind when you think of such a movie, but he does a very good job considering the time that the film was supposed to take and the lack of depth of the script. This was definitely a major advance to the disappointing "Curse" and how much I loved it to do something different with this film, I would still like to go back to what it did in the past, which is a great horror movie that decades after publication. - One nice thing about the movie that I really appreciated was how short a movie was. It's great to sit and watch a three-hour movie, but today it's like every movie that comes out feels too long, where this film felt like a real length. Not too long and too short. They do not waste time trying to develop too many characters, because they know it's not a movie for that, and so they made a very good short film. Being a great film geek, I must say that the best part of the movie is ultra cool by Mark Beltrami. It's really nice to see Beltrami from writing predictable things to the great music she's working on now. I'm really a cool techno / orchestral thing that works for the main titles. Too bad I can not find a soundtrack anywhere, I would really like to listen to the titles whenever I want, instead of appearing on a DVD when I want to hear it. -All Everything Nice for what it is and while it's far from a big cinema, it should still provide some small fun hours and a half
