The scream was Ves Craven's last decent thriller. Since then there has been nothing but an unbearable series of Hollywood trash that was good enough for the night in the block, including the disappointment of the Screama sequences. Perhaps genius and mastery devoted to the film exhausted all the energy and creativity from it, so when it was time for dinner, he had nothing to do with his own doo doo. Finally, after knowing how many bad movies he later, he gives us a tasty, merciless, brave, cold, uncertain thriller with the Red Eyes. who has an unhappy relationship with an important political figure and regular in her hotel. Then he met Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphi, Batman Beiond) at the airport, whom she knows better after a delayed flight and a light breeze. What she does not know is she already knows. And he knows her father, whom he will never see if he does not cooperate and does not fulfill Jackson's demands - to use his connections to establish his regular hotel for assassination. You probably think this is nothing but your everyday foreplay thriller and hunting scenes. Although this is a good old-fashioned thriller, it's his beauty. No special effects. There is no cheap makeup. Only classic uncertainty. You feel despair and regret with every decision McAdams is forced to make and you really care about it while being cheated at every move that makes it to find escape from a claustrophobic position. fun and convincing performance. It's either her sweet face or her incredible ability to sincerely cry, but you seem to always sympathize with her if it requires her role. On the other hand, Cillian Murphi looked natural, and even if the trailer had not been discovered, his ultimate transition from a charming stranger to a merciless ass is not so surprising. Perhaps there would be more trips to see a nice person like Tobi Maguire pretending to be an irrepressible madman. However, after establishing his true identity, Cillian Murphi played so firmly that he really wanted to die, or at least throw it out of his ass. Do not ignore this possibility. There are many moments for beeping and heart jumper who will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch as you would on Craven's recent pictures. If not for you, do it for all time when you see your girlfriend, or boyfriend, or someone with a jumping jump and stick to you. Finally, it's all right. In addition to his mystery of uncertainty, Red Eie is not without humor because McAdams's substitute Cinthia at the reception mistreats the hotel to edit the hotel. It was a relief that Red Eie was not a disappointment. Instead, you will be pleased to see how McAdams delivers another incredibly talented performance, Murphi looks more cool in a minute, and Craven makes a classic traditional thriller. The flight delayed and which would be the beginning of Craven's Renaissance, arrived right after Screaming.
