On the night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hired killer who is seeking her help to kill a businessman or her father will die. > The Red Eye is a great thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their place. The space is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eie is better than both. Almost everything about the Red Eye is above average, including uncertainty, action and direction. Most of the movies take place on the plane, but this does not slow down the movie. The film is very fast and exciting without slow and boring spots. Everything Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on excitement, he focuses on the story and characters. The film has a part of the uncertain moments, but that's not what it's actually about. I also like the way in which Ves Craven focuses on other travelers and small details that later become important. Red Eie really shows his skills in telling the story. Red Eie also works well for its young and talented actor. Rachel McAdams gives a very interesting performance and her character is hard to hate. Maybe you even cheer for her. Cillian Murphi gives a very dashing and effective performance as a villain. It is a particularly impressive way to behave in a charming way at first, and then turn psycho into it. Supporting actors are also pretty good, including Brain Coke and Jaima Mais. The film is also very fashionable and has a total violent vibration. Setting works well because there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. All in all, the tone of the film is consistent. The scenario is not as strong as everything else. There are several unreal moments that can disturb the viewer. Most did not bother me, but there were few who left me to shake my head. Also, the end is disappointing. This is not a bad end, but a very simple and different approach would be better. Since the film focuses on characters, there are really no screaming moments, maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie then you will end up being disappointed. In the end, Red Eie is an interesting thriller and is one of the best movies this summer. Rating 8/10
