Red Eie starts in Texas where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) will soon catch the last flight of 'red eyes' in Miami where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane, Lisa met the handsome and charming Jackson Ripper (Cillian Murphi), both of whom seemed to have hit him, and then when they boarded the plane they discovered that they were accidentally sitting next to each other. When the plane is airborne and airborne, Jackson finds out who he really is and that their seemingly random meeting is not a coincidence, Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to kill the Secretary of Internal Security of Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) He needs to change the room at the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and make it happen or her father will be killed ... Director: Ves Craven, who is perhaps best known for his horror films such as "The Last House on the Left". 1972), The Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbov (1989), The People Under Stairs (1991) & Scream trilogy teen slashers of a short, powerful, quick little thriller like Red Eie a big departure from the movie Craven usually says. The scenario Carl Ellsvorth makes a surprisingly thrilling thriller that I must admit that I really enjoyed, in only 85 minutes in length, that is a very fast movement, economical and right to a film type that almost completely focuses on a solid, learned photo rather than to move in different directions with many substrates. Some may like this approach as I did, while others may not, but I think you are attracted to the action much more because it comes thick and fast, and the film does not slow down and gives you a chance to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Ey, sure that such a movie will always have one or two questioning moments in terms of planning, but what the hell is it, this movie is made to entertain and for me what it did. I really liked these two characteristic characters, Lisa is very sympathetic, while Jackson Rippner (an apparent game in the name of the infamous Victorian serial killer Jack Trbosek) a fitting, slippery criminal with a cold, "I'm just doing my job mentality type. Another positive thing is that I did not think someone behaved too stupid, they all seemed to be human beings and films are presented in a relatively acceptable way. I really liked this and it's one of Craven's better newer movies. Craven turns into a solid, tense, thrilling thriller with an attractive acting, good action and exciting scenario. He certainly does not hang and when he starts action and tension, he does not retreat, it is by far the most effective part of the film when Rippner keeps Lisa hostage on the plane and when the film moves to his fathers Miami and Lisa, the house gets a little more routine, but it's still good. Especially mentioned is Rachel McAdams, which is absolutely gorgeous in this, I would probably be able to watch Red Eie again just because it looks amazing in it. Those who see Ves Craven's name related to Red Eye, expecting a horror movie, should rethink, because there is no horror (despite the IMDb that mentions 'Horror' as a Red Eye Red). I'm not sure about the end, on the one hand it was nice to see a villain living for a change that is going against traditional expectations, but maybe it was more satisfying to see Lisa killing him in some way. DreamVorks obviously gave Red Eie an initial $ 44 million budget, but cut it to $ 25,000,000, although it's still a very well-made movie with great production values. Actually filmed in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film was allegedly written with his wife and wife, Sean Penn, and Robin Worth Penn, who was intended for guidance, but the creators decided on younger tracks. As I have already said, Rachel McCadams is a cute sweets and is a complete kid in this movie and is worth watching a movie for herself. Oh, and she's also decent. Red Eie is a very fast-tematically-learned tense little thriller that I enjoyed immensely, I did not think I would enjoy it as much as I'm glad I decided to watch it. This definitely gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams is really a hot thing in this ...
