I think I enjoy this show, but the format needs a bit of work. First, good attributes. I like how this show will lead us through the everyday lives of addicts, because the producers make sense to get used to the addicts to show us how much they allowed their lives to become. Thereafter, the intervention follows the outcome. The intervention does not bring sweets, and sometimes the outcome (often short-term due to the time limit between recording and broadcasting) is a negative outcome. This makes positive results even better. Another thing I love about the show is the quality of the camera's operation. Given the fact that these cameras must be squeezed anywhere and do not benefit from shooting, the photo is surprisingly good and stable. It is actually superior to scenarios such as "Shield" where the picture is so bad that it can cause nausea. Now for the bad. One episode sometimes contains two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the show. You will get into the story of one addict, and then you will suddenly be thrown into the story of another. Capture this story, and then suddenly you return to the first addict ... or are you? So far you may have forgotten what item the individual currently is on the screen. This constant flip-flopping between the addicts really gets a disorder during the intervention scenes, because the show will even mix two completely unrelated interventions! Once I heard the marketing of B.S. The reason for this bad design: "The emission can become so intense that moving to another addict allows the viewer to absorb what they see." Please, please. Clearly, this is done because there are two cases that are not large enough in an hour, so that the two are mixed together. By mixing them instead of giving a half an hour of blocking, as it should, the viewer needs to look at the whole thing (and commercials) if they are interested in one case, but not for the other. I used to find these "blender" episodes so boring that I just said TiVo to film episodes containing one addict, but then it became easier just to record all of them.
