I can give you four reasons to look at this film: 1. Four best filmmakers in contemporary Mexican cinema. 2. Four good stories connected in a great scheme. 3. Amazingly good cast. 4. Bitter reflection on the biggest trouble in this country (and many others). (POSSIBLE SPOILERS) Alejandro Gamboa opens this film with a good story in the comical mood of the authorities that practice extortion against ordinary people and still expect their efforts to be respected. Then Antonio Serrano becomes more dramatic in another piece with the story of the heir of Italian neorealism with an anecdote like Peter and the wolf. In the third story, one that seems more independent of this series, even in the context, Carlos Carrera tells us the story of a man who is in the wrong place at the wrong time. But after the recent lynch in Tlahuac and the traditions in this terrible thing in the state of Mexico, this story can no longer be updated. And finally, Fernando Sarinana returns to dark humor in the "big finale" in which he brings together most of the characters from the previous sequences in one of the better comedies ever recorded. Repeating the central scene from one of his previous "Todo el Poder" films, Sarinana gives a final lesson of the theme. And by the way, give us a scene that steals a movie with Anne Ciochetti who makes a short striptease. When the film finishes, you get a bit of a feeling that you have watched a good movie (and maybe it enjoyed) with a very painful theme. They say that people in Mexico are laughing at their own shame and that's the best example. This film is a testimony to how Mexicans learned to live in the midst of a criminal state (and perhaps accept it), between two fires: criminals and the so-called authorities full of corruption. Even this film is desirable thinking, because almost all good people have been victims of crime and do not get this unharmed. If you had a scratch-free attack then you were lucky. In the meantime, do not lose the opportunity to see this film, highly recommended. And it's a wonderful life in Mexico ...
