'Intervention' helped me with my addictions and recovery. I am a middle-aged married father of two children. I'm pretty functional in my personal and professional life. Still, I have the pain of the past to use the addiction to calm down, and the issues from which I slowly recover. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. Emission, unlike many others, digs into the past of the addicts and reveals events that have probably caused their dependence. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to go back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood." The show deserves a great deal of merit for at least the beginning of this process. This digging is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much reporting about addiction - fictitious and non-fictional - seems to ignore fundamental issues. Often it is assumed that the drug addict only started shooting one day or for any kind of entertainment or pleasure or personal interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: addictions are about killing pain. They can refer to different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common topics and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have suffered poor abuse. Some children simply react badly to divorce. For those who think that addiction is an overreaction to the hardship, I would just say that different people react differently. Although some children take good care of the divorce, others, like Christie in the show, "collapse in the crowd on the floor" and change forever. Nice young Andrea seeks confirmation from men. For the 75-year-old neighbor she is searching for cash and let her be mistreated. Sounds familiar to anyone? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motives and adjust our lives. Often they are of us with fewer problems that suffer the longest. As they say, even the stopped clock is correct twice a day, but the slow clock can remain undiscovered for some time, until it makes your life miserable. Manufacturers: Thank you for making the show, for digging in the past, for tracking. Also, the graphics, format and music of the theme are brilliant. With addicts: thank you for the courage to share. Did you help yourself or not, you helped me.
