The first animated feature film from Ireland is also one of the best animated films I've ever seen. His right nipple and all the story that is different from other Oscar nominees and any other film from this or any other year. The film's action has iguman Kells, a village in Ireland is building a wall around its city to prevent the Vikings from ruining the city if they ever attack. His nephew Brendon is a young monk who does the best he can, but he realizes the anger of his uncle doing things in his time. When the legendary Illuminator Aidan arrives from the devastated monastery, Brendon turns to him and his warmth. A lot of the fears of Uncle Aiden offers Brendon to learn how to lighten up. In order to help Aidan work on his great book, saved from the destroyed monastery, Brendan goes into the woods to acquire ink fabric. While out of the walls he encounters Ashley, the forest spirit with which he develops friendship. Unfortunately, the abbot finds out that he has gone outside the wall and that he has a hell to pay. But in the distance you can see the Vikings ... Forget what you think you know about this movie is wrong. Even what I explained does not make this film justice. It's a simple story with much more that is happening. This is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way around the world, the advent of the demon and finding the beauty of the world outside the walls. (As the film says that the world is a dangerous place and does not stop being even if you build walls). It is a movie that treats the audience as an adult and deals with all life including darkness. There is death and destruction, joy and happiness. It's not sugar-coated. People are dying. Monsters lurk. (he has some children hesitated), but in the end he has hopes. Frankly, the darkness in this movie is completely different from anything in a newer American film. Forget the "grief" in Picard, this is the real thing, and its refreshment and shows that even Pikar became homogenized. the look is actually based on the Celtic art of that period. It's a movie that does not resemble one another. Here again is a film that takes the film frame and uses it in every possible way. The images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. Often the film manipulated things to make it look like a page in the legendary Kell's book. Its incredibly beautiful and best described as art is reviving. Director Tomm Moore made a film that is a masterpiece. I can not say more than that. It's a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated films I've ever run over.
