Secret of Kelsa is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the stories of Kell's book, a lighted medieval manuscript from the four Gospels of the New Testament. I did not know that this book really exists, but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much easier. There are several stories and ideas that circulate about how the book originated, who wrote it and how it survived for more than 1000 years. This is one of them. We met with Brendan, an orphan living in the Kells Abbey in Ireland with his uncle Abbot Cellach (who was Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach builds a massive wall around the abbey to protect villagers and monks. Brenda does not like the wall, nor are the monks remaining. They are more focused on reading and writing, something Abbet Cellach has no more time for. He is afraid of "the North", those who are looting and leaving empty cities and villages and burning to the ground. One day a passenger comes from the island of Iona near Scotland. It is Brother Aidan, a very wise man who carries with him a special book that has not yet been completed. Abbot Cellach gives him permission to stay and Brendan mates with him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First he needs the ink for the book, but he needs specific berries. The only way to get them is to go outside the walls and enter the forest. Seeing that he was the only chance Aidan continued with his work, he decided to scream and return with strawberries before his uncle noticed his absence. the forest. It allows Brendan to pass through the berries and on the road becomes related to his company. He warns of danger in the dark, not on her. There are things worse than Viking. From there, Brendan meets with several challenges with the book and the forthcoming security of the invasion. I like to talk much more now when I know what it is about. Knowing now what the Book of Kelso is and what it contains, animation has the perfect meaning. I'm sure that you have seen pictures or copies of old texts several hundred years ago, with decorated borders, colorful pictures and extravagant patterns, creatures and scripts that adorn the pages. Like opening the frame of Disney's Sword in stone. The animation contains many similar designs and patterns. It creates a very unique viewing experience where story and animation are trying to overcome each other. I could not take my eyes off the incredible details. This is one of the best 2D animations I've seen for years. Live, stimulating and full of life. The characters are constantly surrounded by design, drawings and patterns in trees, on walls and in the air that just float around. Improves the film. The story is satisfactory, though I think the ending could be a bit more. With a time of only 75 minutes, I think it could have been something special in the final act. It does not provide much information, nor does it allure the character of the book. We remind ourselves of its importance, but we have never fully understood it. We are told that this gives hope, but never why and how. It was really the only missing part of the movie. Otherwise, I thought the story was interesting even though animation was completely outdated. I assume that's okay. Animation can carry the movie so far, before it falls. The story lacks several parts, but fascinating history is interesting. I recommend that you take a brief look at Kellsa's book just to get an idea of ​​what I and this film are talking about. I think it will help your viewing experience much more. This is a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should certainly not be missed.
