Until 1945, and after a series of solid propaganda pieces from World War II, Errol Flinn took over the American cashier, so, despite the increased burden of weakening looks, he embarked on a series of films related to that genre that he had previously said his Name. The first of them was actually good - AVANTURE DON JUAN (1948) - but he also showed himself as his last major budget Hollywood car. The remaining days of the fencing were spent wandering across Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and THE DARK AVENGER (1955), in France for the adventures of Captain Fabian (1951) and Italy for the aborted PRILO O VILLIAM (1953 ) and little seen CROSSED SVORDS (1954). However, Hollywood last called him to his old ways of seafaring - though it was a modest Budget Universal Picture, not the production of Varner Brothers 'A', which he was used to when he was at its peak ... <br /> <br /> < > Still, the magnificent Technicolor Cinema jumps from the screen and while older and younger Flinn can look like a pale shadow of their former being, his leading red-headed Maureen O'Hara has a terrain day as a crafty man who craves for himself a romantic and wants to be treated as a lady. Anthony Kuinn was still a couple of years away from his major live acting vehicles, so here he is usually seen as a baddie - a pirate captain, Roc Brasiliano, a role he attacks dense. Like BLACK SHIELD OF FALVORTH (1954) - the viewing that preceded this - AGAINST ALL FLAGS brings me back to my childhood days of constant watching television when Berlin Hollywood films were on the agenda both on the local and neighboring Italian Channel. As far as I know, this may have been the first pirated movie I've ever seen and I'm struggling with the idea of ​​today's generation of young people who supposedly believe that the grossly exaggerated PIRATES Caribbean trilogy is what it is about! As I said earlier, AGAINST ALL FLAGS may not be the most beautiful pirate yarn ever brought on the screen, but it's still a solid example of this fruitful genre. Nowadays, the love persistence of the Indian princess (Alice Kellei) against her pirate robber Flinn can be terribly funny, but the rest - despite the fact that she does not clearly increase the height of THE SEA HAVK (1940) and BLACK \ t SVAN (1942) to mention the finest marine endeavors of its stars - is briskly accelerated and reasonably engaged. Otherwise, the film will later be rewritten as PIRATE KING (1967) with Doug McClure! For what's worth, the incredible success of this office in a contemporary franchise is most likely what caused reluctant film studies to make their catalog titles and publish them on DVD and, in fact,, AGAINST ALL ZASTAVA was the only gem in the ill-conceived "Collection of films of the golden age" set by Universal, which also consisted of obscure slag like BUCCANEER GIRL (1950; Ivonne De Carlo), DOULE CROSSBONES (1951; Donald O'Connor) and IANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe, but, by now, I just bought Errol Flinn from other sources; Even so, if the mood strikes me in the future, I might want to put my hands on similar sea adventures such as MUTINI Edward Dmitika (1952), mention IANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
