SECRET KELLY is a stunning first animated feature that will shade your eye and shift your heart. Disadvantages limited budget film and sometimes limited animation are more than offset by the visual poetry, stories of heroic quest of a young Brendan to become a master illuminator in dark times. Historically, it was at the end of the 8th century, when the centers of Irish learning were excessively guided by the Viking. Vikings appear here as crude antagonists, equivalents on the North Sea of ​​the robbing Huns and Mongols to the east. The narrative of the film - which operates more like a parabola - focuses on the conflict between Brendan, which seeks to create beauty in their illuminations during engrossed darkness, and his strict uncle Abbot - who wants to protect the city of Kells and his nephew from perceiving the wall as a barrier against the Norwegians. The abbot neglects the value of Brendan's art in the quest for security. This is an external conflict of the film. Brenda's internal conflict is to be found hidden behind a creative illumination that will allow him to finish the hardest painting in Kell's book. This eye keeps Dragon Ouroboros, which destroys from within those who are not suitable for this quest, as will the Vikings kill externally (This is as many stories as much as I will find out!) <Br /> <br /> What I really like about this film is the imaginative understanding of his creators of some of the greatest works of art that survived 1200 years ago in the West. The characters are stylized in straight abstract forms defined by the line as in the original Kell's book. (Especially noteworthy Aidan is a cat a cat, as defined in a few lines, but clean - and even magical metamorphic.) The range of emotions that Brendan and other animated characters are transferred due to its economy of abstract design is a tribute to excellent. the art of the director and his animators. Decorative borders on the edge of the image are changed to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this feature illumination of the dark ages brought to life in amazing animation SECRET KELI. Of course, historical drama usually speaks more about our times than about the times in which these drama attempts to portray. However, the introduction of archetypal elements in this story, the writers and director SECRETS KELOVA transfers meaningless sense of living life from that distant time in Ireland, who feels psychologically true, as long as the script could draw with meticulous historical facts. (The United Nations Illuminators band that appears as an artist's club in TAJNO KELI) are not historically probable, but all are well-designed, individualized characters that make a lot to convey universal appeal this essentially Irish story.) The animation always seemed to me the best way to better understood the visual art of different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film clearly stems from its historical visual source, but it is also smartly adapted to the demands of animated narration; if animation existed in the dark, TAJNA KELIJA is what it would look like! Finally, Brendan's quest in this film is a permanent quest for artists to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without bragging or even especially Christianity, this film confirms Jesus' statement that "Man does not live only from bread.") In my opinion, the most inspiring film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tirkovski ANDREI RUBLEV, a film about the great Russian 15th-century icon . SECRET KELI expresses the same feeling of mystery and excitement in terms of artistic visual search and creative process. It's certainly not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- hell - his cartoon! (And one who likes both young and old people.) I think this film will be good to keep up with the repeated viewing: in its modest way that affirms life, this stylized TEA KELI is a classic.
