While watching this film, I was frustrated and distracted and in the end I wanted to give the film a solid 4 or 5. I thought that the animation was random and everywhere and that it was too much. Even my D.D.D could not stand it. He felt like a slightly acidic journey. Everything seemed straight, there was no dimension for anything. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie halfway and smash the burned copy of this movie. But after I looked at it, I went to the Internet to read the movie and I should have explored this movie before watching. Secret Kells is freely based on the true story of the original Kells book. The little boy, Brendan, has a task to open new pages in what will be the largest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "change the darkness into light". Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. It is held in the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, Abbot Kels, is trying to build a wall so that the Vikings get out. Brenda's uncle insists that he help end the wall, but the traveler and guardian of the "book" secretly trains Brendan to focus on his illustrations and persuade him to finish the "book" and carry out the word. All the while I watched the movie I thought I was missing something because I really did not understand what was going on. I thought I missed a part of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about the original Kell Book. After reading many articles, my opinion about the movie has changed to a great extent. The Kelsa Book is a copy of the first few books of the New Testament that the Gaelic monks in Ireland transferred to Latin in the 8th century. In addition to the palaeographic and insular letters, the book is also well illustrated by insular art, the type of early artistic form, known for its intricacies, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in Kell's book is portrayed as a multitude of arts at that time, straight and dimensional, without a perspective. But what separates the Book of Kels from other early works of art is the use of many colors. Secret Kells is very colorful. I originally thought animation was straight and boring. Much has reminded me of cartoon Samurai Jack, who also had a flat and "amin" look at him. Once I learned about the artistic styles of the Bookshelf, it's obvious that many of the styles in the book are mimicked in the film. There are lines and whirlpools and various forms inhabiting Brendan's mind. Whenever he enters his imagination, circular shapes like the sun, cogs, clocks and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen become framed with decorated mobile triangles or circles. The crossings are filled with color and Celtic knots. From trees to floors, many things in this world are coated with shapes or patterns. In 70 minutes minus credits, Secret Kells is a fun little lesson from history with a little adventure and stupidity that throws people (perhaps only children) interested. I think it is generally necessary to open Secret Kells as half of the artwork, half of the film about history. Despite what he seemed to be animated with the Adobe Illustrator, the film is very nice. But on the basis of 20 films sent to the Oscars, I do not think it worth it to be nominated for Mari and Mak. ThatVasJunk.Blogspot.com
