I always follow Dakar, so when my husband bought a DVD Charlie race for Dakar, I was barely waiting to watch it! Of course, we watched broadcasting a race when it was racing, but it never gives the background and specific teams. If you've watched Long Vai Round, then you will not be surprised by the language that makes me more sincere than offensive. I think the only thing that upset me about DVD was Charlie's hair, but he had formed it before Dakar so my woman's need for orderliness was relaxed; T'o 'I could live without the' flame 'of the underwear lol As with the LVR, the preparation was just as interesting as the race itself. I nearly cried when Charlie broke his arm and rubbed on every bruise he got while practicing ... and of course the death of Andy Caldicott ... it was a terrible tragedy, but then every year there is something. Russ is crazy, though his attitude has been improved a thousand times since the argued zinc that was in the LVR. It's nice to see him now so well with Charlie. What I learned from this odyssey was - 1. Never let Scorpio prepare your vehicle for anything! - They had months to prepare Ks5, and the day before the team went to Lisbon, Scorpion did only half the things to do, and the vehicle was pain in the race; 2. Dakar organizers should invest much more in finding a driver / driver - leaving Matt (and probably a large number of other drivers / drivers to dry out the way they did it is nothing but criminal neglect; 3. Charlie) has brilliant enthusiasm for a "rough and difficult" adventure, but needs to be strengthened to really act the way he wants, and finally, 4. Charlie and Evan are planning another one of these episodes called Long Vai Dovn in 2007, and I can not to wait for me to get in !: D If you love bikes and / or truly nice guys who " they leave, "you have to watch this, I guarantee you that you love it. It's very fun. In conclusion, Simon Pavei - you are a gentleman, I was so impressed with your "silent" learner's way and the fact that you actually ended up ..... incredibly considering it's a monumentally difficult race and Charlie, Matt and others from the team - full marks for withdrawal. have achieved so much that it's really wonderful. You are all wonderful.
