After striking spectators with three very different episodes right away, Serling continued to introduce viewers to the 'Twilight Zone' in a very strange way by deploying a series of major breeders as the fourth episode. 'Sixteen-millimeter temple' is one of the most appreciated episodes, focusing on the inability of an older film star to deal with changing times and only introduces a supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is under great stress, but subsequent viewing reveals that this is a completely elegant and beautifully written short story. her frustrated, but caring agent, shines in their performances. The main problem of this episode is that the alleged 25-year-old actress's video is not convincing. The lupino looks identical when playing the young Trent, as does the Middle Trent, which significantly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Luckily, Lupino took off his socks, persuading us in her despair to return to the past. It's a situation that most people can sympathize with, yet Trent is far from compassionate. She is a prima donna who thinks a little about the feelings of those around her, as catastrophically drowned by a co-star she unintentionally degrades because she resembles how long her glory days were. It's a little surprising when she was rewarded with a happy ending. It's clear what will happen from the moment we see a huge projection screen and it's cleverly emptied in the initial moments when Trent scares his maid out the screen. However, what is not clear at the beginning is, however, whether it will be pulled into the projector to prove a reward or a rough lesson in assessing what we have and living at that moment. As it turned out, Trent was allowed to return to the past she longed for, a testimony of how strong a desire can be for people. . Superb writing and acting together create a short game of immense power that reflects the nature of people looking forward to the past, although we can never return. Except in the twilight zone.
