There is a time theory that assumes that all the moments that have ever existed and that they will exist really exist right now. It's a bit too much to wrap your head, but maybe a little comfort for those who want to return to a simpler time and place. For Barbar Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), that time was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor sustained the greatest promise. On my part, if I could travel through time, it would be back in 1950 when I was growing up. Maybe to a place like Villoughbi, but that's another episode. One thing that would not be so special in 1959 would be to deal with all those awkward machines just to watch the episode "Twilight Zone". . How much do you think it would be necessary to catalog the entire series, and then find the particular story you wanted to watch? I suppose you have to consider compromises, practicality in relation to simplicity, to have it now, or to take the time to place it in the exact place where the story begins. Caching on a CD has its advantages. I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling would write a story that was so similar to "Sunset Boulevard". Ide Lupino's mirror mirrored Norm Desmond just a bit too close to be considered the original concept. Martin Balsam shows a very similar figure like Erich von Stroheim, the husband who became a butler, whose loyalty is unquestionable. Where this story breaks, it has to do with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) are challenging Barbar Jean to meet reality and cleans the wanderer that paralyzes her existence. Ida Lupino did not have such reservations about taking parts that were "not great but a nice show". The real delicacy is to watch any episode of "Twilight Zone" and see who will appear from the past days. Sometimes you get two lines, as you had here with Lupine and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the beginning of the series, and sometimes afterwards. Combined with the stories produced by the program, it is not surprising that even today they manage to have such a good time.
