Chris Rock plays in this remake of Warren Beatti's Heaven Can Vait (he's remake of the 1941 film Here Comes Mr Jordan), a comedy about a man who dies before his time, before he can make his dreams, and his adventures in his new (although temporary) body. In the Beatty version, the protagonist was a backup for Los Angeles Rams. In the Rock version of the hipper, our main character is a fighting young - and definitely a low talent - a standup comedian. It is very funny to see how the sharp Rock game is a bad comedian. It's like seeing Tom Hanks playing the actor. San Lance Barton is playing the legendary Apollo Theater on a non-amateur evening. But each time he tried his own material, he was grateful for the stage - so much so that his nickname became "Booie". His jokes are weak, the delivery of torment. In short, Lance is all that Chris Rock does not say. Lance is a bicycle messenger, and rides the streets on the way to try out more materials when BAM! He hit the truck. Okay, maybe a tenth of a second earlier by an incompetent angel (Eugene Levi) was taken out of his body, but hey, he will be hit anyway. No cubes, it seems Lance is not in the sky until 2044. So what do we do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), "manager" of Raja, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for a non-dead Mr. Barton. The problem is that the body they find from a greedy, old white man. It turns out that this guy (Mr. Wellington) owns all kinds of things - he's the 15 richest man in the country! What a luck! You can imagine how Lance will turn things around. But, of course, while in the body of the wealthy Mr. Vellington, Lance falls on a lavish hospital worker (Regina King). We, men, know how hard it is to find a female person who gave us our body, but try to win, while you are an old, white guy! And it's worse when it's not impressed with your money. This is Rock's first hit in the lead role, and in my opinion he is acting great. It still has a lot of standup comedians - and, of course, if he ever wants to get different roles, he may have to stop running the standup routine in the script - but that's not really a bad thing. Rock personality - his driving, delivery, posture and passion - are what triggers this movie. He obviously has a lot of fun in the role, and he seems to be trying to have fun watching him.
