END OF NIGHT is an excellent imaginary display of weeks preceding RAPTURE and weeks after that key event. I basically enjoyed the production values ​​and content values ​​of this independent Christian film. . PRODUCT VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie, with a budget for shoes, so it will look a bit sweet (if your standard is A-sheet Hollivood). But, in relation to other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. It is more important than the very style of acting, costumes, and music itself. Is the story convincing? Do the drama moments work? Is the story's story building to a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is unconditionally "yes". As an additional remark, really important technical things - continuity, sound, lighting - are all right. The viewer is able to watch the show without being disturbed by messy work. VALUE OF CONTENT. The film's message is great. When you consider how many ideas a filmmaker has developed for a short period of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his art. It represents a message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of rebellion, the truth of enchantment, and the threat of the worldly dominant Satanic government with flash, imagination, and, most importantly, the gospel film - the biblical precision. The film director is a good storyteller. For example, he develops a message of salvation in two important ways: (1) shows us through action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for our good. This is achieved in the sub-assembly where the zoo is struck by a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only medicine is blood from someone who is immune to a snake's poison. The poison is like a sin; the cure is like the blood of Christ, spilled on the cross. (2) The director also develops a message of salvation through a dialogue. He has different characters who explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So, the film creator uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. As a reminder, the fact that the film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogue and scenes that transmit a clearly delineated message. salvation, expressed in explicitly evangelical Christian language, pictorialism and theology, is also perfectly acceptable. To criticize this film for explicitly Christian is absurd; This is similar to criticizing Nike commercials for promoting sportswear. What else evangelical Christian filmmakers would have made, if not the film that cites their case? Likewise, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that unbelievers will be left in the ungodly world is again perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker delights the dramatic potential of this idea. How to know? I heard about WOMAN IN NIGHT from a woman who saw this time in 1974; she continued to live in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say about it? Everywhere around, a very pleasant show. I plan to show him to my group in the church.
