Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, Villiam Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conavain, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, Villiam Dance, Lee McLaughlin , Charles Voolf, Sharon Hais, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Linne Marie Stevart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brovn, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Reneigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Devames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Speak er ... James Signorelli Scenario Sam Egan, John Paragon. Elvira, The Mistress of the Darkness was the TV icon of the 80's had her late night show on the cable. She hosted and presented classic American horror films, many of which were camps, while she offered her cunning and witty remarks. Actress Cassandra Peterson has been through that success by that date. In 1988, her first film was released. She played, played in a monster movie show, but she craves for her performance in Las Vegas and earns big money. Her agent Manny proves her disappointment. Shortly thereafter, the castle of the late cousin, dog and recipe books is inherited. She came to seek her inheritance in a small town in Nevada - she was on her way to Vegas and she was lost - and she quickly provoked things in a peaceful community. The expressive conservative city hall, Edie McClurg, is soon seen as a threat to the small town's jurisdiction and value. Her sensual figure and winning personality soon attracts young people to the city. She falls on Bob Redding (Daniel Greene) a city mason / carpenter, but before the real relationship can flourish, she is in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (Villiam Morgan Sheppard), a furious elderly man who will also inherit a part of the wealth of the Elvir family, is in fact an ancient wizard who has a personal vengeance against Elvina Aunt and Elvira himself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book of powerful magic, the power he wants to seek for himself. He plans to demolish Elvir by burning the city at the stake. How will Elvira get out of this? The film was not a real success at the box office, attracting an audience of mostly young audiences familiar with Elvira's cable show. True to the will, this is a funny and good movie. The scenario is filled with all kinds of jokes, some bad, good, lots of sexual allusions, visual jokes and overall campaigns, i.e. The hilarious final scene in which Elvira finally got her striptease shov in Vegas. This movie is a cult classic, which serves fans of Elvira. Otherwise, you would not be able to enjoy this movie. It is also a reference to the "pop" culture of the 80's. Elvira was as much an icon of the 80's as Alf, Vicki Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
