From the beginning of her career in the 1970s and during the 1980s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) grew into a modest icon and a true cult figure in the world of horror and bad monster films. While Mrs. Peterson took up various supporting roles in the movies, covering a wide range of genres, it was her TV-character Elvira who brought her the greatest glory. Part of her charm? and respect from fans? lies in the fact that she never turned her back on the horn genre that made her famous (unlike many other actors and actors who like to distance themselves from their "early" work). I only saw parts of her TV appearances, but my humorous role in Ghoulton's recent song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to check out more of her stuff. One thing has already been clear to me before this music video: Over the years, Elvira has become a force of influence until the mid-1980s. In 1988, after films such as "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" included the homage and spoofs on her TV, finally happened: "Elvira, the Mistress of the Dark," the movie. I saw a trailer for this already in VHS days, but it took me until last week to finally see the actual movie. A few years ago, I managed to watch "Elvira Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason it did not impress me so much. Was it really forgetful, or should I give him another hour? In fact, I really like to watch it now, because this first Elvira's film from '88. Really convinced. Although he may be partly responsible for making this film, maybe it's Sam Egan and John Paragon with his contribution script, there's really no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy (she also wrote a script) <br /> < When Elvira finds out that she is one of the beneficiaries of the Great Aunt (she has never heard before), she sees it as a long-term opportunity to launch her own show in Las Vegas. To seek out his legally inherited money, he travels to a quiet city of New England. But Falvell's tense citizens are waiting for a treat. In less time, it manages to shock and insult all the valuable residents of the conservative city by its (often unintended) provocative behavior. To make matters worse, it turned out that her legacy was not what she expected: a villa, a cook and a poodle collapsed. But what she does not know, and her evil uncle, Vincent Albot, is that her big aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes for inventing the darkest dark forces. And if you have not turned off the movie until Elvira prepared her first recipe book, then be sure, sit on this ride with a smile on your face. > It's amazing how the script was made together with jokes, jokes, movie references, scarves, and fun of the taste of taste, she managed to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other films, which rely heavily on the situation similar to the paws, often make you completely lose track of the story (such as, for example, movies "Naked Gun"), this film is not. During the 1980s, many horror comedies were produced, but not many of them worked. Even if the horor-podcast which at some point does not turn off the road ("Killer Parti", although I am grateful for it that ends in the finale) or becomes too demanding too fast ("Saturday 14"). Although Elvira is more comedy than horror, she does not lose track of what she is doing and is constantly building on a mildly grotesque finale, complete with a supernatural cleverness on the streets of Falvella between the newborn Elvira and the evil Talbot wizard, including honest witch hunting and Elvin's moment in to whom he burned. I say to you, there is no power in hell to make this film unforgettable. One of the first giggles I got was during the opening, when the name of Daniel Greene appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later his moss-faced face). How can not you forget Daniel Greene once you see ... "Atomic Ciborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you did not see the "Atomic Cyborg", then I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh at his face in this. And on one side: I could never imagine that Elvira looks so cold until she knows how to get away from the gas station. Not even Robert Rodriguez could make a better picture.
