The "Night of the Living Homeless" was quite strong until the first half of the season 11. Obviously a parody of various zombie movies, especially the Zora's Dead, this episode parallels homeless people with dead deadly creatures, and Kile is blamed for the sudden massive epidemic of the homeless when he, from the goodness of his heart, gives $ 20 to the homeless in front of his house. More homeless people are starting to infiltrate into the South Park, while the city does not overwhelm. This is a very strong episode of Randy Marsh, as he takes on the role of an adult leader holding a rifle and hiding on the roof of the local Park Counti center. But before Randy arrives at the center of the community, hundreds of homeless people are attracted to him, as he screams harshly: "I have no change!" Unfortunately, refugees eventually lose Gerald Brofloff for homeless people, when he tries to escape the car from the city, and unconsciously throws out all the changes in order for the bus to deter homeless people. Then he becomes one of them, asking everything for a change. The guys are trying to find out why there are so many homeless people in South Park, and find a man who is director of homeless studies. They found that the nearby town of Evergreen had a similar problem with the homeless, so they ran to Evergreen to find out what they did to solve the problem. Unfortunately, homeless people break into a man's house, and he tries to get rid of it by shooting himself. However, he fails several times, while shooting himself in the jaw, in the eye, in his chest, in the neck, in his shoulder, screams terribly until he finally dies. This scene may have been smoother if a similar scene did not happen in the "Fantastic Easter Special" two weeks ago. Meanwhile, a refugee member reveals that, due to homelessness problems, property values ​​have disappeared so the bank closed his house, making him homeless. Randi immediately turned to him, holding the gun to the head of a man. When a man finally asks the others to help him, Randy pulls the trigger. At Evergreen, the guys find out that the city's citizens have sent homeless people to South Park, and that the passing of homeless people from town to city occurs all over the country. The guys are modifying a bus that runs the homeless from South Park and leads them all to Santa Monica, California. Parallels about zombie movies and big Randi Marsh lines make this definitely a new one. . 8/10
