"Mr. Harvey Lights a Candle" is anchored by the brilliant performance of Timothy Spall. Although we can anticipate that his titular lousy, narrow-minded teacher will have some kind of malfunction or catharsis based on some deeply secret from his past, it is surprising that his emotions have been discovered. Spall's spectrum of feeling is quite mobile and more than usually displayed as part of the Mike Leigh repertoire. While the expected bored journey by a school bus was used only for comic purposes, such as "Simpsons", this central situation in visiting the Cathedral of Salisbury in the Rhidian Brook scenario is well contained and structured for dramatic purposes, and is almost formally divided into works. We are familiar with the urban British range of racially and religiously diverse children (I could not say with my uniforms whether this is a "private" or "public" school), how they gather? to repatriate black children, serious southern Asians and Muslims, white rapists and evil girls? but it is transmitted quite naturally and individually. Young actors, some of whom have been recognized by British television as "The Impotent", were full of presenting the usual range of younger social pressures. Celia Imrie puts more heat into the role of the supervisor than the martinet he usually has to play. Break in travel leads to a transformative crisis for some, while others remain fun unconscious. We think, as the teacher portrayed Ben Miles of Coupling, we will be a spoon fed by a didactic lesson on religious tolerance, but it is much more about faith in people as well as God, which is why the BBC showed it in England on Easter and BBC America showed him in the United States before Christmas. Nathalie Press, which was so good at "The Summer of Love," plays a key role in the redeeming of Mr. Harvey, who could have been playing for the movie week of preaching, but he is touching while unexpectedly approaching each other ( unfortunately, I saw their intense scene interrupted by commercials). While a bit On a few occasions, this time was a "pilgrimage", this silent film was the best evocation of "goodwill toward men" than I saw it in most of the TV festivals with holiday themes.
