"Why did they make them so big? Why they just did not give the money to the poor?" The question about the cathedrals was set by the student Mr. Harvey during a school trip to the cathedral in Salisbury. "That's a good question," he replied. "Partially to inspire them - to make them watch with awe." I'm not sure that the cathedrals have such an impact on everything, but this film certainly had such an impact on me. It was great! It did not start so. For a while, it looked like something more than a show - a good - trip to school in the cathedral in Salisbury. If you've ever been on a trip to any high school, that's basically that. You have a group of mostly uninterested children who are just happy to leave school every day, a bus driver who is crazy about them and some teachers desperately try to keep it under control. I was there, doing it, getting a shirt was my first reaction. I realized that this would ultimately be a typical story of how a teacher succeeds in inspiring a group of uninterested students. IAVN! But it turned out to be much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a dark, inexperienced teacher with a strange fascination for the cathedrals. During the film, his story slowly emerges and becomes the focus of the story. We also met with some problematic students - especially with Helen, who also greatly played Nathalie Press, which broke up. This is not a religious film, but it includes some powerful reflections. on religious topics. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says: "I do not care what anyone believes until they try to force him to anyone else," Harvey replied, "this is not tolerance - it's indifference!" - what, in fact (in my opinion) is what often goes for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. As Harvey returns to the bus, director Susanna Vhite slowly moves the camera up, so the final shot is simply heaven - recalling Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to get people to look at admiration. The cathedral achieves its goal. We look up into the universe in awe, looking for something bigger than ourselves, whatever we define. This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie. 9/10
