Match 1: Tag Team Table Bubba Rai and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Rai and Spike Dudley started things with Tag Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both opponents must go through the tables to win. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early, pretending to hit Spike and Bubba Rey. The German complex from Benoit to Bubba pulled out the wind from Dudley's brother. Spike attempted to help his brother, but the judge refrained him while Benoit and Guerrero collected him in the corner. When Benoit hit Bubba, Guerrero set the table outside. Spike jumped into the ring and rolled over the upper rope to Guerrero from the outside! After recovering and worrying about Spike, Guerrero put a table in the ring and helped Volverin settle it. The tandem was then set up for a double superplek from a medium rope that would put Bubba through the table, but Spike collapsed a table before his brother fell! Guerrero and Benoit leaned another table in the corner and tried to pass the Irish Wing Spike through it, but Bubb flew in and blocked his brother. Bubba lit up and raised both opponents in the last drop! Bubba swung over Guerrero, and Spike stopped at the Wolverine from the top. Bubba held Benoit in the bay to Spike fly into Vassup! headbutt! Shortly thereafter, Benoit caught Spike at Crossface, but the match continued after Spike emerged. Bubba came to rescue his brother and managed to blow Benoit off the table. Bubba jumped from the middle cord, but Benoit moved and sent Bubb to break through the tree! But since his opponents did not force him to go through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the match. The first man was eliminated shortly thereafter, even though Spike put Edie over the table with Dudley Davg from the ring for the ring from the outside! Benoit put Spike through the table a few moments later, even on the score. Within seconds, Bubba hit the Bubba bomb that put Benoit through the table and gave Dudley a victory! Winner: Bubba Rai and Spike Dudlei Match 2: Jamie Noble's original heavyweight championship against Billy Kidman Billy Kidman was challenged by Jamie Noble, who brought Nehdy with him to the ring for a heavyweight championship. Noble and Kidman locked and rolled over the rings, but ran back in and grabbed something else. When Kidman ruined all Noble's moves, Noble escaped in front of the ring where Nidia gave him encouragement. The battle spread out of the ring and Noble threw the girl into the challenger. Kidman threw Nidi away, but he was removed with a modified rod. Noble continued to attack Kidman's wounded hand in the ring. Kidman's injury made his attack difficult, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to take Kidman with the force of the bomb, but the challenger managed to confront his face. Kidman went to finish stuff with the shooting star, but Noble stopped the attempt. Kidman went back to the "Shooting Star", but this time Noble just got out of the evil. Noble toppled Kidman into an energy bomb shortly thereafter and got the code to keep his VVE championship in the heavyweight category! Winner: Jamie Noble Match 3: European Villiam Regal vs Jeff Hardi Villiam Regal took Jeff Hardy in an attempt to win the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal across the upper rope, then lowered it with a hurricane from the apron. Back in the ring, Jeff hit Vhisper in the wind to down Regal for the loop. Jeff went to Svanton Bomb, but Regal raised his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating blow. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick jump and got a pin to keep the European Championship! Regal began to wane when he saw Hardy celebrate on the way back. Winner: Jeff Hardi Match 4: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho has promised to end career John Price in their match on Vengeance, which came to the next. Jericho tried to learn Price and lesson as their sword began to clap it to the carpet. Jericho continued to knock Price around the ring until his misery had hurt. While he was at the top of the rope, Jericho began to deal with it and allowed Price to catch him for the superflex! The price came with tilt-a-vhirl straw, but it was knocked down with a nasty dropkick into the stomach. The newcomer recovered and struck the belly to the belly supplements, but could not postpone I2J. Jericho launched in Lionsault, but Price avoided the move. Jericho seized the bulldog, then joined Lionsault, but did not go to the cover. He raised the price to his feet so he could put the walls of Jericho. The price had other ideas. Jericho was a disappointment, however. Winner: John Cena 5. Round: Intercontinental RVD vs. Brock Lesnar Championship through Disqualification Nekt Big Thing and Mr. Pai-Per-Viev was entangled with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock caught the title from the line and briefly crossed him over his shoulder as he stared at the RVD. The speed of Van Dam gave Brok early. A great man rolled out of the ring and threw steel stairs out of frustration. Brock withdrew and began to take responsibility. With Paul Heiman shining in the ring, Brock broke the RVD on a hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overthrow the RVD, throwing it with ease over the top. The RVD fell ill on his back, and then he had to suffer because his spine was cracked from the steel rings. The fight returned to the ring with Brock, who clutched the RVD around the ribs. The RVD pulled out and soon broke Brock's foot in the temple. RVD followed Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to get it out after two numbers. The fight seemed to end as soon as the RVD went on a five-pointed frog. Brok, however, lifted Van Dam onto his shoulder and headed for the F-5, but RVD turned Brock into DDT and followed Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heiman pulled the ref from the ring! The defense immediately called for disqualification and soon sold blows to Heiman! After that, the RVD jumped on Brock from the top of the rope and threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heiman grabbed the RVD leg and Brock picked up the champion and this time connected to the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Shov Booker T next time faced the Big Shov. They showed up with the legs and bumps of Booker T and hit Booker in the corner. After being kicked out of the ring, Booker took a chair in the ring, but Big Shov hit him in Booker's face. Booker tried to get back into the game by sweeping Shova with a camera cable in the ring. Booker broke the TV monitor from the position of the Spanish speakers in Shova's skull, and then delivered a scissor that switched both men through the table! Booker re-entered the ring and Big Shov stagnated for a few moments. Shov grabbed Booker's throat, but it was hit by a small blow and a blow to his face. Booker climbed to the top of the rope and hit his leg to get a pin! Winner: Booker T Announcement: Triple H entered the ring for a thunderous ovation because fans hoped to find out where The Game would end up with the competition. Before he managed to speak, Eric Bishop stopped the Game to apologize for engaging in his personal work. If Triple H signed with RAV, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never come into play again. Bishop said he had spent two years in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next VVE Superstar breakthrough, and everyone was talking about Triple H. Bischoffu guaranteed that if Triple H signed with RAV, he would get the best chance of coming to his own way. Stephanie McMahon went out to make her own voice. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, the two of them are very well-known. She said that the two of them were once unstoppable and could be back. Bishop cut off her and begged her to stop. Stephanie said that Triple H once said to her that Bischoff said that Triple H had no talent and that there was no charisma. Bishop said that he was young at that time and that he did not know what he had, but still has much more experience than Stefani. The two of them continued to fight back and forth, as long as Triple H did not get stronger with its microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "fuck" any of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but he pulled it. He said that he would rather go with the devil he knew than with the one he does not know. Before he could go on, Shavn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was harassment. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered the promise of bringing Triple H to nv. HBK said that there is no one in the world with whom Triple H has better friends. HBK told his friend to re-think the two together, making Bischoff's life alive hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he turned around and embraced HBK, making his switch to RAV! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff was horrified by his victory. Bishop said that the difference between them was that she had testicles, and she did not. Stephanie beat Bischoff on the side of her head and left! Match 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollivood Hogan and Edge The match began with a loud "USA" tune and with Hogan through the ropes and out of the ring. Canadians took over from there. But Edge hit a Christian's head and planted a face on Storm to get the Hogan tag. Hogan started Hulk and soon caught Christian with a big boot and leg! The storm broke the count, and Christian threw Hogan off the ring in which Storm overtook the icon. Edge was soon flagged and fired by both opponents. He knocked both of them into the corners, but missed the spear on Strom and pressed ref. Edge slammed DDT, but was rejected and could not count. The test went down and removed Hogan, and then he equaled Edge with a boot. The storm tried to get the code, but Edge was dropped after two. Riksihi ran to refuse Test, allowing Edge to recover and spear Storm. Christian still took notice, and I2J came into Edge with the Tag Team Championship! The storm has overturned and won the title! Winners and new team champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: VVE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. The Rock vs Kurt Angle and Undertaker Three of the most successful VVE superstars set themselves up in Triple Threat Match with an indisputable championship that hung in balance. Tucker and The Rock faced Kurt Angle and prayed for his attention. He drew attention in the form of a blow from the other two men. Shortly thereafter, Tucker got out of the ring and Rock whipped up Angle. Angle gave a series of complexes that rocked Rock, but the Great managed with the DDT who managed to perform two numbers. The battle continued outside the ring with Tucker who revived and dressed Angle and hit The Rock several times. Tucker and Rock returned to the ring, and Tucker dropped the Rock with a sidewalk straw to get two numbers. Rock recovered, grabbed Taper by the throat and strangled him! Angle interrupted the attempt to play that would probably give The Rock the title. Rock returned by clutching his hock to Kurt Angle. Angle reversed the move and the Rock Bottomed National Champion. Shortly thereafter, Stena got rid of Angle and hit People's Elbov at Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of it by deactivating the Great Out of the Ring and covering Tucker, who dropped out after two counts. Out of the ring, Rock took a big sip from a nearby bottle of water and threw the liquid into the Tera's face to blind the champion. Tucker has not long been disabled and managed to overthrow Rocka and draw attention to Angle. Tucker lowered his guillotine leg to Angle, laying on a cheeky cheek. Rock picked up just in time to break the attempt to play at Kurt Angle. Tucker knocked Rock with DDT and set it up for chokes. Angle tried to squeeze himself with a steel chair, but Tucker caught that foolishness and struck her hand. The judge was caught in a fire that followed and did not see Angle hit Tucker stupidly with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Tucker while Rock was lying, but the dead man somehow raised his shoulders. Angle tried to squeeze Rock, but he was thrown out. Rock got up and landed on Angle in a sniper! Angle seemed to be moving, but Tucker threw Steni out of his hold. Tucker chose Rocka and crashed him with Last Ride. As the Dead Man covered him for victory, Angle flew in and took Tucker into the lock! Tucker was crazy about pain, but he managed to stand up. He chose Angle for the last race, but Angle put a triangle! It seemed as though Tucker had just fainted, but Rock broke Angle's hold just to get caught in the lock. Rock came out of the bookshop and watched the Taker Chokeslam Angle. Rocki hit Rock Bottom, but Tucker refused to come down and throw it out. Angle turned Tucker on Angle Slam, but he was Rock Bottomed from the Great and Stabbed! Winner and new VVE champion: Rock ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! Lately PPV was not good, but this was a winner. I give this PPV a - <br /> <br />
