I've seen many PPVs in the past, but this is the most amusing, most intense PPV and the most complete DVD I've ever seen. DVD add-ons are worth it because they give a different view of how the wrestlers act after the show (such as an interview with chris benoit or an interview with the edge), some glance at Monday night's eve, the first match of the Hogan titles titles gold and some promotional talk. In addition, there is a good video spot. 1. Tag Team Table Match: Bubbi Rai and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerro and Chris Benoit 7/10 This was a pretty good game to start playing. Not too much posture and pure pure chess physics. Spike can hold their own in the tables on the tables, and Guerro and Benoit have given good clean wrestling skills to the carpet. 2. VVE Crusierweight championship: Jamie Noble with Nidia v. Billy Kidman 3/10 The audience did not really care about a wrestler and did not care until Kidman made the recording of the star. Usually, people expect a lot of high-speed flights in the weight of the cruiser, but this was very low. In fact, it was so bad that when Noble hit his finisher, nobody even worried or knew (it can be said by the lack of the camera). The end was fast, though. 3. VVE European Championship: Jeff Hardy v. Villiam Regal 5/10 I never really liked the regal as a wrestler, he misses his intensity and style. Hardy was impressive, but he really did not get a chance to show his high flying performance, although he continued to perform some good bets and added that he needed a quick pace in the game. He quickly finished what was perfect for this match. 4. John Price v. Chris Jericho 6/10 It's funny to look at Price's first PPV, how he behaved, how he dressed and how he looked (look at his interview, it's pretty funny). This was a good intense game with Price that shows nice variations of holding, supplexes, counters and some antennas. Jericho was a sub-pair, but definitely helped him to start his career. Price Vins. 5. VVE Intercontinental Championship: RVD v. Brock Lesnar 8/10 This was a very intense and good match. Both wrestler styles really fit on the screen, with Brocks pure power and raw energy versus RVDs skill full of speed and speed. RVD looked great in this match (better than his later editions with margins and prices) and the whole match was fast. The ending worked perfectly because he still kept Brock's undefeated line while the RVD gave his real desserts in his home country. 6. No Disqualification Game: Booker T v. Big Shov 7/10 Another solid match that did not have a certain intensity as a RVD match but still a good sequel. Although it began to be slow (always with a big performance), Booker T was impressive and made a painful move on the speaker table. Finisher was great, the ending was a great disturbing and great move for Booker T. 7. VVE Tag Team Championship: Hogan and Edge v. Christian and Lance storm 5/10 This was the central match. Hogan usually comes out as a huge pop, but his line of moves lacks that intensity and energy. Then again, the Christian again does not have the highest athletic ability. This was at best central, but it was still good for PPV. 8. Triple Threat Match for uncontested championship: 10/10. Rock v. Undertaker v. Kurt Angle. It easily coincides with the year. This is by far the best triple attack I've ever seen. He had close drops, many finishers, stolen pavers, raw energy, intensity and fast pace. No one could have predicted who would come out of this. If you bought this DVD, I would only buy it for this match. (Finish? watch for yourself!) All in all, this was a solid PPV with lots of extra supplements that allowed you to look again and again. Although this is hard to find (I had to pay a little more than usual for this DVD), it's certainly worth your money.
