I do not know if this contains some spoilers or not, but I do not want to risk being blacklisted up to 3462. I do not agree entirely with the commentaries of the viewers who described * Guns, Germs and Steel * as "politically correct" and "neo-Marxist". They can not watch the same series I did. The series * I * that watched showed the history of European colonization in America and South Africa without some inaccuracies. I did not see anything in a show that showed the Europeans as bad people who were lucky, although Europeans were often lucky - and nothing is bad luck. I did not even see indigenous peoples showing themselves as poor little innocent things. If nothing else, Inka was quite arrogant - as you would expect from any leader when dealing with strangers, if his country was not conquered in the living memory of any other world power. I certainly did not see anything that could be interpreted as Marxist or neo-Marxist, except for the most unlikely elastic imaginations. Otherwise, many African nations * have built-in immunity to malaria and other tropical diseases that are missing from Europeans. At the time when they were at the height of their success, the civilizations of Aztec, Maya and Inca * were * advanced as any other in the world - and as rich; sometimes more. Aboriginal American and Khoi-san populations * were decimated by the great goddesses and other diseases introduced by Europeans; just as European colonists are decimated by tropical diseases such as malaria. (NOTE: the Khoi-San peoples are completely different from all other sub-Saharan African nations.) So I do not see what other commentators complain about. The only thing I can complain about is that the series tells me nothing that I did not know until the moment I finished seventh grade. In this film, there is really nothing new. This, however, represents some beautiful dramatization of events, such as the conquest of Inca; production values ​​are very high; and fills a few holes here and there that are not covered in the group for social studies by Mrs. Gruber at the Secondary School in Milan. If you rent or buy this, assuming you have a decent elementary and / or high school education, you will not learn anything new, but you will have a pleasant and fun time by browsing what you have already learned (or you should have learned ) until the time you finished high school.
