Many people know how to feel when a loved one is lost. Feelings of pain, sorrow and sorrow can be intolerable. However, sometimes memories that leave behind cause the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly featured in the short film 'Tulip', directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a film "about the memories of love," a series of sensitivities and sentimentality is professionally drawn into this triumphal film of 15 minutes. 'Tulip' is a beautifully made, touching and heartwarming story about a manly journey in reconciliation with the loss of his wife through a relationship that shares with a very special animal, 'Tulip'. The film opens with a growing dawn, chirping birds and a vast landscape, introducing a sense of rustic harmony present in the whole film. He plays soft music, marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). He wears a floral dress and a hat with a hat on his head. She gently loves Tulip, caresses her ears and touches her on the back. The furnishing of the house is impressive, and the attention is dedicated to detail (a tulip vase can be seen on the bench), reflecting a peaceful rural community. Vill (Charles 'Bud' Tingvell) greets Ruth while licking the spoonful of milk. Together they pour milk and coffee, which is a sign of socializing and teamwork. Not one word is said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and attractive; they paint the perfect picture of happiness. Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. The Tragic Transition of the Route has a profound effect on the Villa. An efficient scene of the pale car highlights Vill's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral. Soon he sinks into depression and becomes unconscious of his environment when everything looks hopeless and lost. At Will's moment of despair, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, the true connection that Vill has with his late wife. It is through the Tulip that Vill learns to deal with the absence of Ruth and overcome the cordial feelings of loneliness. Each of the characters is realistic and solidly displayed, especially part of the Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingvell revives character through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrei Tingvell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Every drop of shoulders and any frustration at his forehead led the viewer to sympathize with the character. The character Ruth is beautifully performed by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word during the film, her sweet personality and love relationship with Fairy are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give wonderful performances in supportive roles as friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add subtle humor to a bitter-sweet story. Anegdote from Griffith's childhood, the story of loss and discovery is extremely trapped in 'Tulip'. Beautifully shot and superbly acting, this film will surely make you foggy eyes, a triumph or a feeling of drinking a cup of milk.
