I read a few comments about this TV movie that everyone said that the film took place too long and that this is basically just a sensationalistic party. I agree that the movie may be too long (2h30 would be enough ...), but I do not think it was a sensationalized topic. Jim Jones's expansive journey of power and slow degradation into mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated voyeurically. The film takes its time in showing how Jones recruited followers (Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Douriff's character in that sense), but also in observing the incredible shift in Jones's perception of reality. It's incredible to see an egalitarian, leftist and compassionate preacher who becomes such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the film does not explore enough of Jones' motivation, which can make the whole temptation a little superficial (maybe it will have to do with censorship ...) But Povers Boothe's enchanting performance makes everything happen. I'm not familiar with Jim Jones real-life details, but Boothe surely makes a monster that he plays convincingly and really. The film contains many powerful scenes, including the preaching of Jones, Jones' s encounter with Father Divine (remarkuable James Earl Jones), congressman Leo Rian (Ned Beatti) in the camp of Guyana and, of course, a suicide scene. It's pretty gloomy to watch and Boothe is quite commanding in those last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the suddenly skeptical followers, and also Veronica Cartwright (like Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it's time to drink a killer drink. The relative calmness of the end of this scene, the delicious direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment all work to keep these images completely out of the mind. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. It's worth a look, if only to keep in mind one of the really terrible events of the 20th century. Do not let it happen again. As ironically, the epitaph in Jim Jones Camp: "Those who do not know the past are obliged to repeat it."
