"Saskuatch hunters" were not really as bad as I thought. ** SPOILERS ** Traveling in the Forest, Park Rangers Charles Landon, (Kevin O'Connor) (Roger Gordon) (Matt Latimore) Brian Stratton (David Zelina) Spencer Combs, (Rick Holland) and his sister Janet, (Stacey Branscombe) escort dr. Helen Gilbert, (Ami Shelton-Vhite), her chief dr. Ethan Edwards, (Gary Sturm) and assistant Louise Keaton, (Juliana Dever) to find a place of some famous bones found in the area. When they camp, the team uncovers the giant cemeteries and even more unusual bones that pierce the area. When members of the group begin to disappear, they begin to wander through the forest to safety. It has been revealed that Sasquatch is behind the murders, and the team survives together. Good news: This was not as bad as I thought it would be. The film really starts to take a little money about halfway when the creature attacks. It's a master series of scenes, because the entire group is exposed to attacks by creatures, and uncertainty throughout the pay-out is extremely high. The forest area is most adequately milder throughout these parts, increasing tension and wondering when a person wandering around in the forest will get his money. It is also quite freely spread through the film is the effective use of off-screen backsliding and screaming that are really extraterrestrial. They really add a lot to make this part so dreadful, as well as the second time when the screams were heard. It's pretty effective and works well. It is quite nice that the later part of the film picks up the tempo, because it is well on the high level of action. One scene I feel must point to a special scene at first sight. As a man runs through the woods of the creature, he sees the expedition that sought him. Raising his hands to seek help, the second time he announced his presence, he attacked from nowhere and killed himself at speed. That surprised me, and in fact, it buzzed me at first glance. Bad news: There were only a few things to complain about, and one is a common complaint. The creature was mostly derived from the terrible CGI, which made him totally ridiculous and destroyed every credibility he might have had. The air of the threat caused by the opening of the film is almost thrown out of the window when the creature appears on the screen. It is so confusing that it is a pity that a little more work has not been invested in it. I have a lot of complains about this, and that's something that really needs to be done, because it does not look so realistic and pretty false. Another big off-screen murder is here. Very often the person grabbed the film, then pushed it away, then found the bloody body. This is quite aggravating when the killings look nice and juicy after that. Otherwise, I really do not have much trouble with this, because everything that is usually criticized in connection with this has not really disturbed me, but it invites others except these things. Final judgment: I liked this, but it is still not the best Saskuatch movie ever. It should not be taken seriously, and if viewed in this way, it is actually a pleasure. The fans of these films should look at this movie, and those who like the Sci-Fi Creature feature can also find some nice things here. Rated R: graphic language, violence and some graphic cubes
