At one end of the '80s, Warren Beatty created and acted in Reds' literary epics about the founding of the Soviet Union, as seen through the eyes of the iconoclast Johann Reid. It was a deep movie and funny with a message presented by the actor. At the end of the decade, Varren Beatty created another kind of epic in Dick Tracy, which does not pretend to be anything other than having fun with a whole bunch of the best actors who already had a great old time to pound him under a ton of makeup. If Reds and Dick Tracks could come from the same person, they talk much about the range that this man has as a player. In this film, Beatty has managed to bring all the famous cartoon characters from the comic book and put them in one original script. The film begins with its rubbing Lips Manlis's followers in the style of shooting with the Valentine's Massacre, and then Lips himself is mounted on a cement coat. But Caprice's moves make him a target for Traci. Meanwhile, the third mysterious and impersonal individual wants to crash Caprice. Will our hero isolate this crowd of crime? The ghost of this movie's fun is really infectious. When people like Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, Paul Sorvino, Villiam Forsithe, R.G. Armstrong is exaggerated to look like a cartoon by Chester Gould, and then he gives up the work of cutting the largest ham, which you must love. Al Pacino won the nomination for the best supporting actor, but any of these guys could have, only Pacino as Big Boi Caprice got the most of the time on the screen. Only Beatty plays it perfectly, and everyone seems to be playing with him. Dick Traci won Oscars for Best Art & Set Design, the best song written by Stephen Sondheim and presented by Madonna, Sooner or Later. The fact that he even managed to bring someone like Sondheim to write a score for this movie just shows that Sondheim wanted to embark on a party. As far as Madonna is concerned, the Material Girl does not only stick with all these acting actors, but also as the singer of the Breathless Mahonei Club. Before this film, Dicka Tracia movies were sent to B pictures and worse as on Saturday. afternoon serials. The only thing that opposed this versatile extravagance was broadcasting for the Radio Armed Forces during the Second World War that reached vinyl. Can you trust actors like Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Frank Sinatra, Dinah Shore, Jimmy Durante, Judi Garland, Frank Morgan and Sisters Andrews? Try and find a video of that gem. Until then, the classic Beattie strip for the big screen will be good.
