Most successful comic comics usually depend on whether the villains are greater than life, ready to jump off the screen and lure you alive with a smile or crazy line or dialogue. Burton Batmans had him, as well (in an even more grotesque way) the City of Sin. With Dick Tracy, producer / director / star, Warren Beatty thronged the villains until it became part of the framework. Like a noisy admiration for gangsters from the 1930s - just this time for children in contrast to the darker Bonnie and Clide-Dick Tracks is filled, joyfully, with archetypes and bright, primary colors, where criminals wear tommy guns and form on their faces to form their personalities. Zlikovci like Stooge, shoulders, lips, eyebrows, murmur, empty, fatter, spud. Chester Gould gave names to his characters who fit their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw who could cut glass. The film is a sequel of eyewitnesses who are perfectly taken seriously. If at the time movies such as Batman and (underestimated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker displays of reality within the comic book design, Dick Tracy was more "old school". It's a story of police officers and criminals, or rather a police officer, detective Tracy while trying to break Big Boi (Al Pacino, in what is probably his greatest performance so far, and in a way, one that makes sense for his grandiose style ). , but without such happiness. There is also a little kid, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more courage to this little child than you might imagine), and Trety's interest in Tess. And there is also the night club 'Madame' (Madonna, which probably does not give any great acting performance, but maybe it fits the roles in a row, and she sings greatly when invited), who will not testify if Traci does not recognize the feelings she does not work for her. Then, there are intricate links with the lowering of the Traci, and a mysterious masked figure with a bitter voice. In the meantime, as if you are portraying Howard Hawks in the form of visual effects and major explosions, Dick Tracy adds a comedy of winking and nodding and action as a syrup on a high pile of pancakes. It is strange to look at this world, created in a way that is fascinated by those today that are made simply by computer (ie, the City of Sin, which can be justifiably compared with Beattie's film). We went through this world in great big bumps, then pushed into the line of complications, or whatever it was, in large assembly installations with the corners of the camera that seem to emerge from these little inclined panels in old comics. I almost reminded the Cotton Club over these sequences, such as stories, music, details, and a few BIG shots and shots, far from discovering what to say, which, in fact, is no longer necessary. And there is a bunch of attractive dialogue from the script (one of my favorites: "my enemy's enemy is ... my enemy," plus any of Pacino's references to other figures in the quotation marks). <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> After reviewing it for the first time in a movie (and just remembering small bits), Dick Traci is a hard-boiled fantasy to the tiniest degree. It is filled with good mood for children, and with pretty good squares, without some of the more evil intentions of their comics movie stories (eg PG-13), and for adults returning from the central location of a panache and a solid feeling for an unbearable person . Even Dustin Hoffman screwed up this, and he barely sounds a sound!
