I like it or I dislike it, it's hard to find Varren Beattie on the film "Dick Tracy", a film adaptation of the famous comic book Chester Gould of 1990, nothing short of the genre classic. Superhero films are coming out of the woodwork in recent years, and soon they can become themselves. Beattie's film fully utilizes Gould's original material, shooting in all six strips with primary colors, and thus giving this unique, already-known world of gangsters mutants and relaxed, seductive women, lush visual styles and tones. change the characters and their acting skills, which I think can not be further from the truth. "Dick Tracy" enjoys in its appearance and terrible characters, and Beatty himself, who plays persistent personality. and an undetectable titular detective, is appropriately stoic and ready to break bad guys at all costs. Apart from visual treats and Oscars, there's a plot, and Big Boi Caprice (Al Pacino, tastefully over-the-top in Oscar-nominated performance) strives to eliminate Tr \ t in a well-planned moves, but also strives to gain control of all criminal actions in the city by uniting all subordinated gangs. Tracy, meanwhile, is juggling with her relationship with Tess Trueheart (Glenne Headley, who, as her name is, remained faithful to him and cares for The Kid (Charlie Korsmo), who eventually finds her father's figure in a hero-catching criminal Tess Fidelity Tess was tested with the appealing progress of Breathless Mahoneia (Madonna), who is the main boy of Big Boi. At the same time as this happens, things get warm when a new criminal figure arrives in the city, and decides to play both sides against the middle. The performances are good, such as the Beatty Flop with the strained and romantic relationships between each of the lines becoming the center of the material, unlike concentrating on meaningless action and special effects. Pacino freely chew the landscape in a role that really stands out from the rest. "Dick Traci "is one of the best and most viewed in the genre of comic films. I think that if Chester Gould was still alive, he would be proud that Varren Beatty took over his beloved crime detective detective. 8/10
