The initial credits make a brilliant, atmospheric piece of escapist fun that is full of knots on the comic strip. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is full of well-known actors covered with makeup makeup to enrich their characteristics. Varren Beatty, like Dick Tracy, is the ultimate tough man, the man, the unbearable, usually tranquil, always better fighter of the other type, and rarely when it is limited to legality. Al Pacino, like "Big Boi" Caprice, steals every scene in which he is a gangster in an unnamed gangster metropolis of the 1930s. Maddonna plays the person she would probably play best, Breathless Mahonei, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her little agenda. Gleanne Headley is Tracy's stubborn, fiercely independent, long-time girlfriend. And there's The Kid, the funny little street jerk that Tracy takes, modeled after his surrogate father, and saves Tears when the detective accepts his fate to be blown up. Who is characteristic actors. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dike is a District Attorney, who is being bribed by Big Boi's bully to keep him on the street. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous reversal like Mumbles, a snitch whose dialect is so incomprehensible that cops can not make a head or tail from what he has to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters Big Boi forms a special loyalty to create a network of criminals spreading throughout the city. Mandi Patinkin is 88 Keis, a piano player for Breathless. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, a former cheerleader, while Big Boi does not give him "Bath". James Caan wears relatively little makeup in his performance as the only gangster who does not go with Big Boi's Big Plan. Villiam Forsithe and Ed O'Ross are executors of Big Boi, Flattop and Itchi. This film retains all the corn of comics, plus is full of vibrant colors. Almost all suits are worked out in blue and green color and yellow and red. All the colors of the rain are found in this movie - and then some! Matched images that are truly understood as two-dimensional, work only in three-dimensional sets. Humor is rich. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he played before or after. The big boy is a bit crazy and kind of self-pitying. He is an eccentric little man who is proud to us, quoting our Father's founders, and comparing himself with great political leaders. A man with a plan, always looking for the smartest way of doing business.
