Time to praise, eh: I thought Spirit was a great movie to watch. However, there were several things that prevented me from evaluating him more than 6 or 7 (I'm a little generous with 7). Count # 1: Matt Damon makes me worse. I was thinking, "What a loud voice they got for the protagonist," when I first heard him talk - and then I realized that it was Matt Damon. The man was so bad - his performance in The Departed was terrible and he destroyed my film (before the film got a chance to ruin, but that's another story for some other time), like almost He did "Spirit." I succeeded in passing this fact because of how little narration was ... happiness. Point # 2: Brian Adams was a shit ... The whole result was terrible .. The songs were non-original, generic and poorly executed, I never found music to fit, and lyrics were horrible. Every time one of the lame songs appeared I was excluded. I almost thought that I would begin to hear some patriotic propaganda that stuck into superameric styles of freedom (I could not help but remember those terrible patriotic songs that were constantly listening after 9/11). of the autochthonous American aspects of the film, should have gone with the proper music using the correct instruments, not the tiny radio hits, the teenage, 14-year-old girl. I thought I was back in high school. I can not believe it could have been better - I refuse. If it had not been for this, I would have liked more with Disney, who knows something about originality (okay, do not try to say what I know that some of you probably think;). It's a pity that they could not hire better musicians. I liked art and animation, except for some things here and there ... as if sometimes the angles appeared too sharply on the face and the lines were too thick or dark on the body (thick / dark lines mostly close to the end). Often there were times when I thought they were trying too hard about the emotions and facial expressions and they could not draw any real emotions. But there were times when emotions were dense. In any case, many scenes were lazy and the layers were obvious. OK, I fell asleep here and I will summarize them before I begin to lose my sense ... Nice try on an epic movie ... it turned out to be central. Matt Damon, shit!
