Somewhere at the end of the 19th century, somewhere in the US west, several cowboys who need money go to hunting bison. The group leader believes that buffaloes are too numerous for hunting to have any impact, but an experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse, and he is not so sure. With the herds of buffaloes living in South Dakota and showing a movie about real hunting (an introduction to the film explains it as a necessary crop protection), the film works perfectly with the suffering of the bison and its impact on the Indians. However, the real story is about a dysfunctional family created by a small group formed for hunting. The father is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandi, his "brother," is an experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but he needs a job after he lost his cattle. A half-Indian boy, who hates the fact that he looks completely white, takes on the role of an adopted son. Grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian whose comrades were killed after they stole his horses. Charlie is obviously the most interesting figure. He is malicious and offensive to everyone around him, but at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends he has. He expects Indian women to hate him and then accept him, but he does not know how to react when he refuses to do so. He is the one who brought together the family in the first place, but he is the one who was eventually destroyed. It's all very similar to the classic "Red River", which also has features. Some type of family tears up all the violent and alienated figures of a father. As you can expect, this film suffers from comparison. The action is not so focused on the development of characters and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all the scenes in the direction of this common goal. From the beginning, Charlie is so inconceivable that we never have any reason to worry about what is happening to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message surrounding the buffalo killing adds an additional dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood ending that is bound up with the end of the "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and fun movie, very well made, but insufficient for what it would take to be considered a classic.
