I recently watched the Spirit and enjoyed it, I saw it 4 times on HBO and I will buy a DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that Vanishing Point is just another movie for car hunt, and 'Thelma & Louise' is just another movie. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I feel that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. Another common feature of these films is the caring, thought-out types of guardian angels who help the main characters overcome adversity. Another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization that attacks someone else's house. All you have to do is look at the less open spaces around us to see it. I thought that the animation and the story were incredible, the animators really managed to see horses, acting and moving naturally. The ghosts of emotion were very clear how the story progressed (yes, I am aware that the horses are a little humanized, but this is a fiction). In several action scenes you feel that you are caught in the stream of rapids and heat of a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (most of the time) you are allowed to enjoy the background. One of the great things that make up the story really works is that you do not go in the path of the animals that speak, sing. That would take the power of the story. Instead, the course of the story is told by the occasional narrative of the protagonist, and the extra impact is added with a fantastic sound surface. Another plus is that they were not afraid to give stories a dark side (which really made this movie visible to me). However, this does not prevail over the entire film, and the conclusion is convenient and exciting without scouting. Those who appreciate the horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse movie. I do not feel it would be a good movie to raise children if they were raised in a senseless vehicle that is being offered today. But if those are thought-out types that can handle striking stories like Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Damn, I'm 35 and I still love those things.
