Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a wonderful movie. Mixing animations is unique, the story is incredible, and music is wonderful. Drawn animation is a special thing with many animations. They are especially spectacular in expressing characters, especially horses, through their animation. Although the way horses communicate through body language are easily understood, many small children and people who have not studied the horses may not understand. Without a word, I suppose it should be a challenge to express them through the faces. That's why I understand the 'eyebrows' that they added to horses (while real horses do not have those thick lines). One of the few things I've noticed about the habits of horses that may be strangely shown is that the Spirit leads her mother's flock. In wild horses, the lead rod usually hunts young cubs. Also, while some people think that showing White Army officers as 'bad guys' stereotyping, imagine all the films that the American Indians displayed as such. Sometimes then; they treated the Mustangs very badly. For example, in true history, the appaloosa breed has been almost erased due to an army officer. Imagine what would have happened to one of the most favorite racing races in the world if the Indians did not save them. I think it's amazing how realism was not taken away by the horses talking to one another. . Spiritual feelings were expressed in a little narration, but mostly through music (Brian Adams). The songs very well express the story, and Hans Zimmer and Brian Adams excellently told the story through melodies and verses. The emotions I got when I watched a movie, either for the first time or for the twentieth (yes, I watched it so much), you would not believe it. Some of these scenes take breathtaking, while others make you tear in your eyes. The introductory sequence, which shows the Homeland of the Spirit, immediately puts you in a spectacular action. I do not understand why some people are so hateful of this brilliant movie. Overall, I estimate that 10/10 - must look.
