One of the most conclusive gangsters of the 80's, Scarface is largely a film of his time. The first thing you notice when watching this movie is to scream at you, 'made in 1983'. Costumes, music and soundtrack, hairstyles, do not blame it, this is a movie about the crime of the 80's and although it should have been scary, it's not. This is still a great movie. While Georgie Moroder's music has stayed true to date, it still compliments the story of Tony Montana thanks to the excellent script by Oliver Stone and first-class Brian De Palma, one of the two films he shot with Pacino (the other as the fantastic Carlite's way). All trademarks of De Palme are here; strong language, graphic violence (more on this later), stylistic excesses such as grandiose sets and, of course, the modern work of the camera. Pacino dominates the film and I think it literally. He is the dominant star of this film. His performance at the top, it's one of those films that Pacino did not say so much, he shouts, this time with top Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he does it fantastic. Only he could go so far over the top and continue to move away from the film with his acting integrity in the clock. While some may complain about his vision of his lines and the surplus of everything, this is an exaggerated film. See the production design of Tony's house, see the violence in this movie. The chainsaw incident is completely brutal, and their blood is everywhere. In the end, the shooting has bodies that go down at a speed that is more like Schwarzenegger and Stallone in Rambo films. Look at the amount of coke that is shown in the movie so Pacin's performance, I suppose, is perfect for the movie. It is supported by actors who are more similar to saying their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, especially as Manny, Tony's best friend, is separated from the supporting head. His performance is so controlled and quiet in De Niro mode that it's strange how he ended up working directly on video soft pornography. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual and Mari Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a big debut as Tony's sister. Of course, this is more than a film about surplus. It has more to do with drugs, violence, assaults of motorized chainsaws and large-scale shootings. This is a film about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways this puts them on a themed pair with Kuma films. Tony finds himself coming to America, taking everything, living an American dream, and then losing everything in a violent way, and saying losing everything, I think she's losing everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire literally collapses around him, and at the top is killed in his house, his butts are falling apart. No doubt, Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80's. Of course, there is no subtlety of Kuma movies, but this is still a fine movie and one worthwhile to go over and over again.
