I had the privilege to watch Scarface on the big screen with his beautifully rebuilt 35-millimeter footprint in honor of the 20th anniversary of the movie's release. It was great to see this on the big screen, because much of it is lost on TVs, and the overall generosity of this project can not be emphasized enough. Scarface is a remake of the classic rags for wealth to the depths of the hellish story of Al Pacino as the Cuban Narco Lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony is coming to America during the Cuban wave of immigrants in the late seventies, in the early eighties. Tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards by leaving a political figure in Tent City and after a short stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony was launched on his terrible path to total destruction. Many characters in this movie are playing such a skillful way that is so pleasing to watch I've forgotten a bit of this movie in the past twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is defective because he is too loyal, and as Tony quickly sees it, he is gentle. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez, portrays one of our greatest actors, F. Murrai Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the ultimate toy that will do everything for Frank; as if she did not have her own mind. Tony sees it quickly and is constantly fighting Suarez, but he really sees it as a small problem to break through on the road to the top. The character that always comes back to me like it's perfectly perfect is Mel Bernstein, the smugly corrupt detective Miami Narcotics played by Harris Iulin (Training Day). Mel, without guilt, extort large sums of money from all sides of the drug industry. He plays Tony from Frank until he captures him in a scene that marks the exit from the film, and Frank and Mela. It's inconceivable to hear that Frank asks Mela to take it, because Tony wants to kill him just to hear that Mel replied: "It's your tree Frank, you're sitting in it." This is from the man Frank paid for protection! Tony's rise is meteoric and matches only in the speed and intensity of his rapid fall and burns. After taking Frank and taking his wife and business, Tony's greed takes over the care and he can never get enough. As Tony deepens into the world of drugs, greed and inability to believe, he eventually kills his best friend and his sister who fell in love and married. All this leads to the end in which Tony's composition is relieved by the army of his supplier who feels betrayed, because Tony will not go through the political assassination that has been imposed. All this stems from the compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder involving the wife and children of the victim. All in all, this is a great overview of surplus and cocaine culture from the 1980s. DePalma does a good job by keeping it all together in one of the fastest motion pictures in three hours. Violence is strikingly picturesque and contains several scenes that will forever be engraved in all viewers, especially on a terrible chainsaw, two points on the head and the whole bloody climax that ends the film. This is a highly recommended stylishly made movie that is not funny, or for those who need optimism and potential extensions; DePalma let everyone fly here.
