Many people love this movie and love it much more, but it looks like it's all for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be loved and loved, but not as it was or was. Al Pacino. To say that Pacino went to the top here would be an underestimation. And yet, he does it so well, he just brings the inner hell out of you so well. His character, Tony Montana, was not such a good guy to start, but his thirst for power just brought his sickness to greed on another level; inhumanity level. Sometimes it seems that Pacino is somewhat cartooned and curious, but I do not seem to be responsible at all. Support was doing a good job. Michelle Pfeiffer was not exactly the best, but definitely fits the role she played. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was at his best, and yet Steven Bauer. Marie Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and Michelle Pfeiffer responded well to her role. Robert Loggia I always enjoyed watching him just as I see him. Apart from Pacin, they were no racks or unforgettable performances. Everyone seemed to fit their roles by being there. They did not fit perfectly, but they were convincing enough. Brian De Palma has perfectly performed this film. Whenever an actor is able to become larger than life with his performance, he should be given credit to the director and I will surely give it to De Palma. Brian De Palma, although he did not receive respect, is in my capacity a very diverse director. He knows how to direct movies to his genres, but that sometimes did not turn out well. This is what works, it's a gangster movie, but it's a little better than this for De Palme. The writing was great that it was pure Oliver Stone. When I saw it at the end of this film and saw that Oliver Stone wrote it, I was not surprised at all. That's his proof. I have always watched him as a great writer and it proves to me once more with Scarface. Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone. The music was good, but not so great. It's certainly not my favorite of Giorgio Moroder. The music for me was over 80, but it did not irritate me. Cinema was good, not surprising, but it really is a concern for this kind of film. This was probably one of the most influential movies in the past 25 years, but as already mentioned, it's for the wrong reasons. People need to understand that the character of Tony Montana is not a hero, he is a monster. She does not inspire anyway. He is greedy, bloodthirsty, uneducated, and self-satisfied. However, he is a role model for many people because he or he is somehow a rebel, but probably because he is a misleading gangster. The avenger would be like Mother Teresa next to Scarface. The good thing about this movie is, however, that it shows that Toni Montanas' is not a real problem. If we or the authorities want to close people like him, we could do it, but no. In a strange way, he is the necessity of our society. He is someone you could blame on and you've gotten better on yourself. Toni Montanas of this world are the scapegoats of our society. This does not justify people like him in any way. Instead, it's more a reminder that we can not justify or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure or think we compare better with gangsters or drug dealers. I love this movie because it's more than a movie about corruption, it's a movie that makes you wonder in a way to reflect yourself.
