You know when you watch this Brian DePalma movie today, I'm sure there was a lot of criticism about how much it was given. Also, about violence. When I watched this movie on VHS when I was 20, I thought it was ultraviolet and persistent. But I did not get it. Several decades pass and man, how do I know how much I did not get in this movie !! This is a remake of a great movie that was filmed back in the 30s / 40s. How can you improve the classic? Ia no. But you are telling the story that has come so far in the eyes of "new immigrants" during the most greedy decade, through the terrible 80s. DePalma, Stone and the gang represent an ambitious, upsetting and damn good movie. Yes ... Disco was dying, and New Wave / Punk downloaded, but these immigrants from Cuba who had to make a new home in Florida could not distinguish the difference. It was exciting, it was what they wanted, but how to get it ???? For these immigrants, there was only one way to do this in Florida, where they had a lot of money and to get the money, you had to take over the administration of the drug empire. Al Pacino was fantastic for me like Tony Montana, "the little train he could." What an incredible way to look at America in your main character: to fight, kill, steal. lies, cheat everything to get - "money, women and power." That's what Tony saw as an American dream. He wanted it, he wanted it. living in his circle did not see anything bad about how he went to get it. The command of English Tony Montana was very saturated with the word "f", but what did you expect, Emily Post finishes school for him and his colleagues? See how they came to America, what they knew, what they were exposed to. That's the way Tony and his team chose to be "all that can be in America." Everything was about power. Tony Montana would have done anything to do it ... that's his violent, lying, stealing, blame, crooked glory. Part of the movie that personified the 1980's for me is money laundering. Tony's team brought the money bags of drugs into the bank. Were they worried about Tony and his crew? In clubs where he spent and drank? Nope. The money was money and you got the money with the money. Tony lived high from the pig. Michelle Pfieffer was playing well with his pretty American trophy for his marriage. After Tony Montana has risen to power, he finds out there is really crazy. He is burdened with suspicion, he is a drug addict, paranoid, surrounded by those who want to take him in a bloody takeover, his trophy American woman is a blue drug addict who finds it dull, his empire should be kept, because ... he goes downstairs. And it goes down in a terrible violent way, but again I ask, what do you expect? This is an essential 1980s film that tells you a distorted story of how some misunderstand the American dream ... obsessions. It is violent, bloody, exaggerated ... but it drives a disturbing house. Not all Cubans who were thrown out of Cuba who landed in Florida in the 1980s were similar to Tony Montana. Give me a break. But showing how poor the eighties were with the emphasis on greed and money as the only measures in the United States to "be somebody" and have the power to take their tools to these poor characters and their lives in America. Do you wonder - was anything ever learned from today?
