"Classic is something everyone wants to read, but nobody wants to read it." Klasik is also something that everyone praises, but nobody reads it. " "Classic" seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface," a 1983 film about Brian DePalma about luxury, self-examination, greed and danger in Florida. People and critics (and benchmarks) regard this film as "the classic epic gangster" or "the epiphany of gangster movies". When that is all else. She's been grateful for the wrong reasons. Scarface is a great movie that deserves praise from all but not all the praise it receives from the audience today, and for this reason the general public has missed the fine points that so strongly do. First, the film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past that wanted to escape communism and find happiness. Simply? Yes. But the layers of the director's genius De Palme and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he actually wrote the right thing here) plays into it all. All the characters are searching for escape, because escape is a natural element in the film dealing with everyone. Every character has something to offer, which makes them cute to everyone who could appreciate this movie. They are intertwined in the world of mysticism and money, but all that has a price, as everyone learns. Each character thinks they get a better chance in life, when in actual dramatic irony they actually get worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word for describing this movie. All those who praise the film for the use of drugs, that is violence, dialogue, have completely missed the point. There is nothing positive about the film except the positive expectations of the characters. And that's why the film works so well. Destruction through the movie serves to deliver the message of the film, not to look cool or to attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not record films for cult gangsters or brainwave fans. Then the film is a drama for adults. It's not a gangster movie. It has its own part of the action, but the action is drawn very carefully, so it makes sense. It's not like "aliens" - an example of a big stupid action movie, and most audiences experience this film as a big stupid gangster action movie about drug and human shooting. Funny. Hogvash. If this film is about it, then it's about how bad it is. This is not a promotion. When it says this, the movie is really a great movie. It has a great cinema that captures you in the story. It has a very dramatic result (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which could simply give you a cold, or lead you to tears. The film is quite long, but it's a story and every moment is counted. The acting is brilliant. Al Pacino - he said enough. He can perform any role he thinks, and that was no exception. Nice guy, Steven Bauer, like Manny. I did not think much of him about him in other films he worked, but he actually does like you when he goes under the direction of Maestro De Palme. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem, like Elvira. Bouncing fresh from the heel of a kind of shame in "Grease 2", she got her ticket to drive and performed an incomparable performance of beauty that is more than it seems. But the three real diamonds in this rudeness are Mari Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister Gina, who, when she smiles or cries, sees her soul and her new way of life, and sees her worsening; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, the ruler of drugs, which flows deeper than the river, and Shenar portrays him as such; and Miriam Cole as Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three are digging the film as deeply as they can. This reviewer learned one major thing when he first watched "Scarface". Always go to the film without a doubt. All the hyper and talk about this movie can not prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (as well as me) can give you even a brief insight into what this movie holds. So ignore rap shit, ignore supporters of mindless violence, and fix yourself Bailey glass on the walls, and indulge yourself with the emotional viewing of the great movie, the real "Scarface".
