In 1983, director Brian De Palma set out to film a film about the rise and fall of the American gangster, and that he did it - with the help of the great script of Oliver Stone and the incredible work of the outstanding actor. The result was "Scarface," in which he played Al Pacino in one of his unforgettable roles. The story starts in May 1980, when Castro opened a port in Mariel in Cuba to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 people left Cuba at the time, for greener pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest, worthy people, grateful for the opportunity they received. But not everyone. Among the 'Marielitos' who crossed over to Florida, approximately 25,000 had criminal records and were no less than the remnants of Cuban prisons - criminals who were considered out of redemption, Castro just wanted to get rid of. They also saw America as a landlocked country, even when Al Capone considered Chicago fifty years ago. Among the most ambitious was a man named Toni Montana (Pacino), who was known to his associates as 'Caracortada'. Now that he was freed from the yoke of communism under which he grew up, Montana wanted what he felt was coming, and now he wanted it; and from the moment he left the Florida ship, he was determined to have everything. Wealth and power - it was a dream of Montana, and he would get it doing what he did best, starting with a service for a man living in Miami named Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). It appears that Lopez had a brother in Cuba who had experienced an untimely end in the hands of one of the Castro's thugs, a man who, after surviving his favor for Castro, was dropped shortly and is currently held in 'Little Havana, along with Montana and all the Cubans that were standing right behind the boats, where they waited for their papers from the government to make their transition into new lives. In a short time, Montana is concerned that Lopez's brother is sanctified, and this sets the stage for his own entry into the underground world of America. Lopez, a wealthy businessman with real relationships, returns to service for Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), released from the camp and puts them on the job. In his time, Capone may have had a fight for boots as a means by which his cash box would be illegally gained, but Lopez has the equivalent of a modern day, and that is even more profitable: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his umbrella and indoctrinates him into life, but once tasted once, Montana is not pleased with the crumbs Lopez considers appropriate to break through, and he sets a course that will take him to the place he wants to be: At the top . With cold-blooded iron, Montana decides to do whatever it takes to get there, regardless of price. but before he finishes, he will understand the price for his dream, and he will pay it; but for a moment, he may know how to be Man. And he will also know whether or not he is worth it. In step with the vision of De Palme, Pacino plays Montana more than life, and he does it wonderful. From the accent on which he influences (which he thoroughly investigated to make sure that he correctly understood - and did so), to the body's speech and attitude, he has everything, and this makes Montana persuasive and very real. What he plays in the role is the nuance and style, in the way the few actors (De Niro could be). This is definitely not a character that is sympathetic in any way, nor is there anything about Montana that can be easily integrated on a personal level; but Pachin's presence on the screen is so powerful that it makes him a completely fascinating figure, although it is difficult to become emotionally connected to him. It's simply a dynamic, unforgettable performance. Michelle Pfeiffer also gives solid performance in the role she put on her way to the stars. Like Elvira, a woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's sleep, Pfeiffer is subtle and underestimated, giving this feeling to something that happens underneath, and striking a rather cold and distant outer face. She, like Pacino, definitely makes her presence feel like she's pretty slippery on the screen with stoic, mysterious and sparrow behavior. The supporting composition includes Mari Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana). Murrai Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Iulin (Bernstein). A great predecessor to the new and highly acclaimed "Promet" and "Blov", as well as a top-level scene reminiscent of Peckinpah's "Wild Group", De Palmin "Scarface", which the critics initially proclaimed, has since been cited. many are definitely an American gangster saga. Most of the violence is implied, not graphics, but this film still has the edge of realism that many can consider somewhat disturbing. But if you stay with her, you can finally learn a lesson. And like many lessons in life, it is most often the most difficult to take at the time. But the prize is always worth it, and that's the case with this movie. I appreciate this 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
