The story turns around Antonio 'Scarface' Montana, an ultra-violent Cuban refugee who comes to the United States with less than nothing and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade ... As a budgetary man with a conscience and extreme ambitions, Tony firmly begins to want to see how a criminal enjoys a high role, including his sweet lover ... He leaves the refugee camp, enjoying the chance to punish the former freedom conqueror, taking rival traders, gaining the trust of an important narco-drug by surpassing the local boss in Miami, and ultimately reaching the highest levels of drug organization ... Pacino shows the results of greed and craving for power in the human psyche ... He breaks through the sunny streets of Miami where he got ' the world and everything in it. " With his ruthlessness, obscene dialogue and negotiation skills, he begins to imagine himself as inseparable and above all ... He moves deeply into the world of gangs, and becomes all mercilessly more than anyone else can imagine ... /> Michelle Pfeiffer looks great as a wife without addiction that does not have an inner life ... She manages to portray a trophy 'object' by navigating in uncertain waters with her anti-hero ... Marie Elizabeth Mastrantonio is the best in Tony's Life, the only thing that's good and pure. Her repulsion at the end of the film j is so fierce that the whole head could blow up ... Robert Loggia shows a faint and terrible disposition, especially when faced with Pacino as a challenger ... He proves himself to be a less ambitious boss in the power of ... Steven Bauer shines like a man of charm, a loyal ally and a faithful friend ... Oliver Stone-scripted 'Scarface' is a change in genre, raising the scene after the Havk's classic scene while being updated on the gangster saga rising and falling into modern Miami , who is infected with drugs ... But, as always, the focus is on decadence, vulgarity, and us GA, and not on the psychological and social reasons for the murder of chainsaws. psychopathic behavior ...
