Every big gangster movie has sub-streams of human drama. Do not expect the emotional story of guilt, retaliation and despair from "Scarface". This is a story of fierce greed, corruption and power. Darker side of the "American Dream". Everyone who complains about the "cheese" of this film does not understand the point. Superficial characters, shiny and dashing music additionally encourage a critique of this diabolical excess life. Nothing in the lives of these characters is relevant, at least not at any human level. In fact, the film virtually borders with satire, ironically with regard to all the gangsta rappers that have been positively inspired by the lifestyle of Tony Montana. processed (especially unforgettable finals), but often sinks to the messy and seductive. Luckily, it is supported by Olivier Stone's highly powerful scenario (probably a good therapy for him, given the habit of the coke he then dealt with). The themes are consistent, with a focus primarily on Tony Montana's life, and the evolution of his character as he is consumed by greed and power. The dialogue is also great, comfortable to watch - between humor and drama. There are many lines that have since penetrated the popular culture in one form or another. Actors helped to do it, but this is really Pacino movie. One of his earlier, less subtle shows (something much more often than him today), this world is completely separated from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpice. Nevertheless, he is as viewed here as always, in a very entertaining (and deliberately superior) form. It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana after watching this film, in one of the most prominent shows ever. Pfeiffer stood out as boring and uncomfortable at first glance, but I realized that she was playing the role of that girl who was bored. Not an extraordinary effort, but unjustly wrongly evaluated. And the supporters are very good, especially Paul Shenar as kind Alejandro Sosa. Powerful, occasionally humorous, sometimes shocking and constantly controversial. "Scarface" is one of the films of the 1980s (whatever that meant to you). An indispensable and affordable gangster movie and a pop-culture repertoire. 9/10
