"Scarface" has a big cult, even now, 22 years after its release. It is also widely criticized as very sticky, unrefined, over-the-top and all over! These are the people who compare Scarface with Kuma films. It's true that on the technical front (cinema, script, direction, etc.) Scarface is far behind the "Kuma". But that's also true, what Scarface has and some other gangster movies are missing, is rudeness, an ordinary gangster approach. The Latin gangsters in this movie seem much more dangerous and more real than any ugly Italian or Irish gangster from other gangster classics such as 'Kum' or 'Good Boys'. This is one of the main points of the Scarface, and I firmly believe that this fact has been written off by most critics as "tackiness"! I saw the original Scarface from 1932, and I must say that both of these films are too different and should be seen as two different films, instead of praising the original text over "remake"! Al Pacino is criticized for being loud and loud in this film. But in order to take into account that exactly this is the way in which filmmakers wanted to be the character of Tony Montana! He is that angry young man who makes hasty decisions and throws tantrum every second! He's not a quiet Michael Corleone here. He is Tony Montana, a very sticky, uneducated individual who does not think much and is constantly angry! Definitely there is a feeling from the 80's in this movie. Soundtrack is 80's! I love some of the songs, including 'Gina and Elvira's theme', 'Push to the limit' and an instrumental song. There are some unforgettable and wonderful shots, including the famous scene for chainsaws. , Rebenga hit, the first meeting with Sosa and Tony's visit to the mother. About the performances: Al Pacino is brilliant as angry Cuban refugees. He allegedly said he enjoyed playing Tony Montana most in his career. And it really looks like he enjoyed all his scenes well! You wonder how Scarface would be without Pacin. I just could not imagine anyone else describing Tony Montana and, apparently, the movie would not be so effective without it! Stephen Bauer shines as Tony's friend Mani. Robert Loggia is wonderful as Tony's Boss, Lopez. So is F. Murrai Abraham (like Omar) in a small role. Then there is some candy in the shape of Elvira played by Michelle Pfeiffer. It looks beautiful and adequate in its role. The director is slightly overstressing during a certain part of the climax. Without revealing anything, I would just say that it was the only small part suffering from improper handling. "Scarface" is definitely one of the funniest and one of the best gangster movies that have ever come out. Enjoy what is: a crude display of drugged lords and their gangs!
