Those who gave this production such a low estimate probably did not see the celebrated production of George Balanchin live on the scene, or allow their contempt for acting actors Macaulia Culkin to affect their estimate. The Atlanta Ballet was happy enough, from the 1960s to the '80s, to be the first ballet company that was authorized to set up this production except New York Citi Ballet, and I saw it live on stage several times. I can assure readers that the film is pretty accurate representation of this production, and use of a child with limited dance skills in the lead role is not cheap stunt who dreamed to show Culkin; Balanchine's idea was to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use the child for the role of Marie. "Heavy" dance is left to adults in the story. This is a deliberate film movie; in a way, looks like "Othello" Laurence Olivier. Just like in this film, the setup has been enlarged to the size of the soundtrack of the film, but it has not been made less artificial, and the ballet was directly photographed with discrete footage, and without interrupting "video spots" the rapid cuts of 1986 overestimated version of Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. There are only two wrong steps in this 1993 film. One is the addition of disturbing and completely unnecessary sound effects (squeaking mouse, the children whisper, "Ma-gic!" Drosselmeier-in, etc.). These sound effects are never heard at any stage of the production of any "Orascic", and they are put as a cheap concession only to satisfy an unsophisticated audience who may not enjoy the idea of ​​watching ballet on the film. <Br /> <br Another misstep makeup Macaulaia Culkin, who looks absolutely ridiculous. When on the Nutcracker screen, instead of carrying a huge mask (as is always the case when Balanchine production is performed on the scene), Culkin is actually made as a toy - he wears what looks like a bald hat, as well as white wigs, mustache and a beard. His face is somewhat cramped, and the worst aspect of his makeup is that his face is still recognizable, amateurly transformed in a manner similar to Rai Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr in The Wizard of Oz. (it seems the makeup of this movie is spectacular, because this is not). And comparison with Barishnikov's insanity in his * production shows how wondrous creative Barishnikov's masking mask - the "jaws" seemed to move when Barishnikov bent his head back. <Br /> <br /> Sama dance in Macaulay Culkin version is excellent, of course, except for the Culkin, his dancing, as I said, is not intended to be even spectacular. (Viline sugar plum and her cavalry are prominent dance roles in Balanchine's "Orascic" production.) However, the color of the film can be a little brighter because this is a fantasy. Choreography is also brilliant, and its adaptation is so faithful that it includes a sequence that contains extra music from Tchaikovsky's "Sleepy Beauty" ballet - while Marie sneaks down the stairs, sleeps on the sofa and dreams that Drosselmeyer "repairs" "broken Nutcracker (this order , of course, has never been included in the original Tchaikovsky ballet --- this is the only sequence in this production that contains music from the work except "Orascic". Those who missed this film, or those who despise (or despise it) should give a chance, despite two big ones shortcomings. It's much better than it seems when one hears that Culkin in it.
