Released as Zentrop in North America to avoid confusion with its own film about the European Holocaust Agnieszka Holland, this third theatrical performance by the filmmakers who never ceases to surprise, inspires, or a real shock is a bizarre, nostalgic, elaborate film about a naive American in Germany after the Second World War II. An American, named Leo, does not fully get what he does there. He came to participate in the repair of the country, because, in his opinion, it was time to show a charity to Germany. No matter how it sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer, nor is he so pro-German, but merely mixed. His uncle, who works on the line, gets Lea as a helmsman on a sleeping car, and he is increasingly intertwined in the turbulence of German horrors and enigmas from 1945. This advancement begins when Leo, playing pretty memorable by the calmed but troubled actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets the fierce heir on the train played by Barbara Sukova, an actor with an elevation on the surface, but an inner strength. She seduces him and then takes him home to meet her family, who owns the company that produces trains. These were the precise trains that led the Jews to death during the war, but now they were running an insignificant daily schedule, and Kessler's uncle's wife was still one of those good Germans who just did their job. There is also Udo Kier, a huge actor who took me in the shocking second film of Von Trier "Epidemic", although he is just a landscape. Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantine, an actor with a quiet game. strength, playing the dark man of the US intelligence service. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although this is completely confusing to Leo. Americans have been characterized for decades as gay edges of their element, but little has been more uninterested than Leah, who returns to his job on what seems to be his own tailored death trap. The story was deliberately incompatible with the story of Danish film director Lars Von Trier, whose director in film editing and breath-taking cinema. Shoots in black and white and color, uses dual exposure, optical effects and trick photography, while actors interact with images projected in the background, puts their characters in a richly shaded visceral world, so sometimes they feel like insects caught between our glass more precise overview. This surreal work that rewards a great jury is allegory, but perhaps in a special tone for each viewer. I interpret this as a film about the last legs of Nazism, a symbolized train, and the ethical responsibility of Americans and others who showed up too late to save the martyrs of these trains and camps in which they deployed their convicted ships. During the time period of the film, the Nazi state, and such importance for the train, are dead, but as chopped chickens persistently rubbing through their reflexes. The characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammi and almost satirically purchased from movie noir conventions. The most interesting points in the film are completely cinematic. Two wagons stand back and forth, Bar on one and Suko on the other. An underwater image of proliferating blood. An unusually expressive sequence about how it must be drowned. And most metaphysically, the metaphysical effect on all, an anesthetic footage of the train tracks, is how the voice of MacDonald Sidov drags us to return to Europe with him, and abandon our personal restraint.
