For some reason, this film never appeared in my original language in my forest (despite having owned the TCM UK cable channel, which broadcasts the results of the MGM title weekly to the week). More disappointing, there is still M.I.A. on DVD ?? even from the recently announced "Varners" Book of Set "Western Classics" (which includes three more Roberta Tailor genre endeavors); maybe it is being prepared for a possible "Signature Collection" dedicated to this solid release of MGM, which could come next year to the 40th anniversary of his death? I say this because his film allows for a rare negative role as a selfish Westerner with fanatic hatred towards the Indians and who decides to use his professional career by making some easy hunting bizones; The introductory statement provides alarming statistics that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As an associate, Tailor chooses former trade dealer Stevart Granger ?? For this purpose, he collects alcoholics, Lloyd Nolan (who constantly murmurs to the cowardly and vindictive Tailor) and teenage half-breeding Russ Tamblin. As expected, the company's attitude is clumsy? reminiscent of it in the center of Anton Mann THE NAKED SPUR (1953), another dark MGM Wester in the open. The film, in fact, drastically approaches the taste and toughness of Man's work in this field (despite the fact that Brooks's first writer / director is just a few of these excursions, but who cumulatively showed exceptional diversity); Here, too, the narrative casts into a female presence (Debra Paget, also semi-racial) to confront the two unfathomable waters? and Granger, like James Stevart of THE NAKED SPUR, returns to his job only reluctantly (his regret for having to kill sports biznes and profit is effectively realized). This last also suffers from seeing Tailor take Paget for himself ?? bravely or coldly submits his approaches, while secretly crave for Granger? and disappoint your frustration at the bar in the bar while drunk! Taylor himself does not get out of work: as the protagonist of the SIERRA MADRE BLESS (1948), he becomes uncertain and jealous of his associates, especially as regards the rare ?? And, therefore, precious ?? hide from the white buffalo they caught; at one point even crazy in the buffoon (as Nolan foresaw), becoming deceived by having taken a dull thunderstorm for hooves of the approximate mass of the species! Are the hunting scenes impressive? the buffaloes hit, fell to the ground when they hit, the endless line of the day's catch, and the corpses that later infected the meadows. An unusual, but unforgettable film movie, therefore, is justly known: Winter is in full swing, now paranoid Tailor for Granger's blood, waiting near the cave (in which the latter and Paget sheltered) to shoot him; when the Granger appears the next morning, reveals Tailor in a worn-out position? frozen to death! By the way, my father has a copy of this great original novel (Milton Lot) from the time of the original release of the movie: in fact, he has collected a huge number of such editions? That is, after all, a practice that's still in fashion? where the book is re-released to promote its film adaptation. Also for the record, Tailor and Granger ?? who work very well for each other here ?? They were already in the team (as fraternal hunters of whales!) In the marine adventure of ALL BRAZILS WAS TIME (1953), which, however strange, is equally difficult to see (in fact, even more, since it was not even shown on Italian TV for what looks like age) !!
