William Castle was notorious among the horror fans as the director of the B-Class of the 1950s and 1960s. His tricks, his cost cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. It is therefore not surprising that someone (Jeffrei Schvarz, who made countless documentary films) finally took the time to dedicate the documentary to its size. Such is "Spine Tingler: The Villiam Castle Story". I had a general understanding of who was the Castle, after seeing some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about her personal life, his goals and ambitions. This film really enriched the man and gave me greater appreciation for the loyalty he had for the craft of film creativity and his contribution to the genre of horror. The film shows the castle as rival Alfred Hitchcock, and Hitch is an artist who conquers praise, while Castle is a carnival barker who gets cult fame but much less respect. He is an icon for all the second-rate directors there, which is why it's not surprising that John Vaters is featured here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have important roles.) His tricks were what caused his fame, and the documentary tries to explain them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The basic 3-D "13 Ghosts" (see separate view), the buzzer in the "The Tingler" headquarters (see separate review), a money back guarantee for "Homicidal" ... watching these films now out of the theater, we can judge them for their content (which, personally, I still enjoy), but we can not fully appreciate what the audience once felt. The highlight of the movie is when the Castle goes from a cult director to a Hollywood producer. Having bought the rights to "Rosemary's Baba", he was put into a special place for film negotiations. Hoping to direct, he is at the producer's extension to open the way to the new director, Roman Polanski. Although at first disappointed, it turned out to be one of the best opportunities for his life - an extremely successful film and a job that stands out. Who could better control the purse of a wild artist Polanski than a castle that sticks? This was supposed to be his crowning achievement, although, unfortunately, the film is more often associated with Polanski than with the Castle. It seems that everyone has nothing to praise for a man. Somewhere along the way, he certainly upset one or two people, but he would never know of this film. And I find it to be a discovery - this is the celebration of the life of Bill Castle, not "E! True Hollivood Story". It would be good for fans of this genre to take a copy of this work. I would personally recommend that you collect the collection Villiam Castle, which has not only this, but eight Castle movies in it, with many special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary, so you can hear how Schwarz was personally hit by the Castle, and whether Castle's daughter Terry gave her a reflection of her experiences with various films and remakes. It's almost the whole new movie.
