Richard Brooks' The last hunt was the movie star Steven Granger who could not even hear the mention? even drew a vintage poster for a movie when he presented him for signing in his later years ?? but then the director escaped with his wife, so it is understandable. For anyone else, this is one of the best adult Westerners of the 1950s, and the year ahead of her time in her relationship with the environment. In many ways, she plays almost as a sequel to one of Antony Mans Westen who sees her heroes dragged to their redemption, stirring and screaming against him every step on the way. Here, Granger's legendary bison hunter already saw the light, but after the buffalo sticks cost him a flock of cattle in poetic justice, he dragged him back into the darkness with the silent and proudly racist revolver Robert Taylor, justifying him on the basis of that "I already have the guilt of conscience. have money. " Taken by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he does by disappearing the brave heads of extinction, and gradually becomes almost equally consumed by self-perpetuation, such as Tailor with hatred. When the two men get out over Debra Paget's shit? The only surviving band of Indians Tailor kills? and the skin of a white buffalo that is priceless for hunters and Indians for quite different reasons, the calculation becomes inevitable, although the outcome is certainly not. Tailor is definitely ironic casting? Granger rejected many epic roles that MGM developed for him in films such as Kuo Wadis and Ivanhoe, who returned to Tailor after 50 years. His hair color may not be persuading, but his effect is a shallow and violent man who is so tired of hatred not to carry a pistol, the pistol wears him. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he makes a good silent hero in Jimmy Stewart's mold, trying to keep his newly-established competence and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before he finally gets a chance to redeem himself. The broken tails Russ Tamblin and Lloyd Nolan of the one-time old timer also give a good result, but the real star is a script: firmly drawn with excellent eye and ears for character? not to mention that Stanley Kubrick lent to The Shining ?? It balances historical revisionism with a fun drama, and did not sell it in short. The new French DVD is free, but it boasts a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English soundtrack.
