Although I usually do not go to such an irresistible cordial experience, accidentally I caught the version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) in 1994 on the cable on Saturday morning, just when it started. As a fan Adrien Brody, I was curious to see Brody as a young man of 21 (20 years old when he recorded, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, a communal infielder for California Angels (in the original 1951, Heavy Happiness Baseball Team was Pittsburgh Pirates, the change of name is a nice touch, because the title turns into a game. I decided to give a chance, and it turned out to be a pretty painless, even pleasant experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness and excitement based on baseball. , my 7-year-old daughter liked efe Kat Angel! :-) The director of Mike Nesmith, a frequent contributor to Villiam Dear, AitO is a story about Joseph Gordon-Levitt, a foster child who is praying hard after your non-good-dad (convincing lazy Dermot Mulronei) sarcastically says it will be a family once the last California Angels win a flag. Soon Roger begins to see the real angels at the Angels games, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose unconfident, eccentric dishonesty AitO irreparably fell into the Schmaltz zone. The manager of George Knock (Danny Glover in a tired world, a desperate way) is hard to sell, but when the team starts to win, he believes that Roger saw the angel, and soon Knock had Roger and his sweet friend and friend Foster JP (divan Milton Davis Jr.) in every game of Angela for Happiness. Knok even begins to ease his own temper and failing languages, so that he calms the angels as well as for the children, which has resulted in a ridiculous delusion when he begins to dress the judge in his usual way, but begins to be edited as he goes on. Obstacles are anticipated, such as the disgusting athlete Ranch Wilder (Jai O. Sanders) who is struggling to make trouble for Knox because of the angel's angel. Of course, everything is good for our heroes in the end, but they are so damn nice that you do not mind! :-) Brody with Babi-face has several good lines (especially I like his exchange with Glover about the emotional effect of the anthem on the ball), as well as a sweet piece in which a fairly blue angel masks his shoulders before he goes to the bat . Brody is not the only future star in AitO's setting: his co-stars are Matthev McConaughei and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt was playing in the third TV ROCK FROM THE SUN, as well as movies like 10 THINGS \ I hate about you. Always entertaining Tailor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this film :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson provide support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie suitable for children and check out some significant young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do nicely.
