I'm a big fan of Woody Allen and when I saw this playing in the cinema, I could not help myself. I wanted to see how Allen would follow his magnificent Match Point, because this is yet another of his films filmed in G.B. (which is unique among Allen's work) along with what looks like his new muse Scarlett Johanson. Scoop is much lighter than MP and humor is Scoop's most favorable aspect. The action revolves around Johanson's character (a student of journalism) who gets a tip on a hot story from a grave. He falls in love with the suspected serial killer (Jackman) and has to decide whether the truth is worth finding. Oh, and all this was done with the help of an unfortunate magician who became a detective who played Allen. film with Johanson in all personnel and remain fascinated. She plays ditsi, iappi, a bumbling soul that is a kind of variation in the sense of Allen's stereotyped character that is affected by neurosis. Adds appropriate body language for a comic effect. Needless to say that anyone who sees this find Johanson's figure is disgustingly cute and that's a plus. Allen is Allen ... He still plays the same character as Chaplin and his Little Tramp character. Something that happens in this movie makes me wonder if I will again see a neurotic little hypochondriac. He is not in his next photo and has spent more time just behind the camera for a long time ... Jackman is also entertaining as a suspect for the murder of a millionaire murder. I can not say that Jackman does nothing to make his role his, but he still suits his character. In terms of complications, I can not help but feel this is fresh ... actually stinks at Curse of the Jade Scorpion. Johanson and Allen are more like detective than anything. However, I must applaud Allen to his end because he's a little smarter than your typical, unusual Hollywood version of this movie. Instead of everything being black and white, things are colored in shades of gray. To be totally innocent has nothing to do with it, nor does it have unambiguous guilt. Even though the action seemed like the old Voodi, it still has a sense of a liner. I found his allusions in his latest movie interesting ... Come for humor, laugh and be happy. Needless to say, do you enjoy Alen's job watch him. If you're not looking at something else ...
