Coming to Match Point (2005), a fine, somewhat repetitive piece of "serious Voodie", Scoop gives new hope to Allen's small, but tired group of followers (among which I am the number) that the master has again found his form. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in the nasty Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the unpleasant Anithing Else (2003), have raised serious doubts that another Voodi comedy, with or without their participation as an actor, was in the charts. Fortunately, it turned out that the tarot cards are a deck that serves as Scoop's smart Maguffin and offers optimistic reading for the future of Voody Allen's comedy. Still encouraging, Voodi's self-throw - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is here an inspired part of self-parody, as well as a modest acknowledgment that he can no longer play the romantic leader with women who are young enough to be his daughters or grandchildren. In Scoop, Allen is literally attributed to the role of Sid Vaterman, an old magician with cheap tricks and tired scenes, who, just like himself, brought his act to London, where the audience - if not more receptive - at least more cautious . Like Chaplin Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Voterman gives Alen the opportunity to draw a little distorted mask of artists whose art fell and whose audience is no longer large or grateful. Moreover, because they look like a character, Allen's ticks and long-lasting stuttering are less rude here than they were at some point. Waterman's figure also works neatly in the shop. His fake box for the dissolution of the magic body becomes an ironicly probable location for visits by Ian McShane, a notorious journalist muckraker and a recent victim of a heart attack. Introduced on the ferry to the Stik-to-Hades River, Strombel jumped over again with a boat, because it simply can not rest in eternity without notifying the last "porridge" of the identity of the notorious "Tarot killer". Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to Waterman's magic show and the only channel for his hot pencil turns out to be a student of journalism, Sondra Pranski (Scarlett Johansson), who is called from the audience as a comedic endowment for the magic pinnacle. Sondra enthusiastically takes the opportunity for journalists and tow Vaterman in an investigation to play the role of father of millionaire. As shown in the article Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the funny game between her and Alena is very fun - and even more so because she never threatens to become an introduction to romance. Scoop's serial killer, which includes the horrific murders of prostitutes and the aristocratic main suspect, Peter Liman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the predictable result of Alen's long-lasting Sabbath exposure to London's ubiquitous sights and knowledge of Jack Ripper. However, other aspects of Scoop (from Match Point) also come from Voodi's late life encounter with English culture. His class structure, mannerisms, idioms, dress, architecture and, yes, unusual driving habits give Voody fresh fresh material for misconceiving human behavior, as well as sharp social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to interact with Peter Layman in a ritzy private club, Watmani notes that "from his point of view we are scum." A good deal of humor is also generated by controversial stubbornly reserved British social manners that encounter Waterman's persistent Jewish plebeianism Borsch-belt. And, of course, there is also a funky way out of a smart car that can not be remembered to drive on the left side of the road. As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop involves large doses in jokes, in the form of tricky allusions to film and literary sources, as well as more and more to his own filmography. In addition to the pervading references to Jack Ripper, for example, film music is dominated by Grieg's "Hall of the Mountain King" arrangement, compulsively whistling Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. After a funeral gathering of journalists discussing the exploits of recently deceased Joe Strombel, it is clear that Broadvai Danni Rose opens in 1984. References to Harry's deconstruction (1997) include the use of Death as a character (along with his distinctive voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a character name and the mention of the Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). Moreover, the systematic use of Greek mythology in a river cruise in the underground in Hades reminds us of the use of Greek gods and choir in Mighty Afrodita (1995). As for quota, Alan's scripts rely less on -Lines than they did earlier in his career, but Scoop does not offer at least a couple of unforgettable. Asked about his religion, Waterman replies: "I was born in Jewish persuasion, but later I turned to narcissism." And Sondra removes this rustle of Waterman's discovery of the crime: "If we put our heads together, you will hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop is by far the most satisfied comedy by Voody Allen over the last ten years.
