Greetings from the darkness. Remember everything "What happened to Voody Allen?" jokes? It's even g. Allen entertained fans who wanted him to continue making the same "funny" movies. As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's revolution has evolved over the years and he has lost some fans while collecting others. Last year's "Matchpoint" masterpiece proved to be still as relevant and as sharp as it was in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What is most interesting to us for the 40 fans is that Mr. New York is a little bit in love with his home country. Apparently he likes England !! As he recorded Matchpoint, Mr. Allen became in love with Scarlett Johansson and her real spirit and sense of humor. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy for years. Scarlett, although she's risking too much exposure, must get credit for not only reading movies that she cast on some glamorous light. She is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In the movie "Scoop", she flashes some real comedy on the screen and, in many stages, delivers a real punch for Mr. Allen. Of course, every time Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will get more from his share in a line and social commentary - which is fine, because few do better. Very good work of support by Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman gives a few views on why many of us thought that the best option was to replace Brosnan as a new Bond. As with most Allen's films, the star is a script, not actors. Although Scarlett delivers top quality here and it's a nice contrast to polished Allen and Jackman, what makes this cracking is a dialogue ... especially a joke between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big wooden fan, do not be afraid. It limits its time on the screen and is quite effective, except in two or three short scenes that almost do not stand in place. Another Voodman tradition is a great musical background, and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially Strauss's composition. "Scoop" is a beautiful cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of Mark Brothers films or comedy Cari Grant. Yes, it's a comedy for adults, but it's actually very cute ... especially for the serial killer and the story of a spiritual comedy !!
