First, allow me to comment that the audience loved it from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have led people to take the stand: "I came to comedy and I will enjoy George." but for whatever reason, they all seemed really in comedy. In the last few years, Voody tried to make a direct comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollivood Ending) I felt that the line-liners felt tense and a little outdated. I remember thinking at one point: "That would be funny in the early sixties." Entering this film, I was afraid that Voody became a ton of deaf, but in this comedy sensibility they were in perfect melody. However, there were plenty of my AARP colleagues who carried people on the screen, but there were a lot of 20 and 30, and all seemed to get it and give up the occasional smile in the stomach, next to many. guffavs, chuckles and the like. In many cases, people laughed so much that you missed the next line. Thematic, Woody drove a familiar ground. As I suspected in the trailer, this movie contained a lot of Manhattan Murder Mysteries, but again, it was more than the scar of Edip's wrecks (Nev Iork Stories), Alice, and even a bit of respect for Broadway's Danny Rose on On beginning. Even with Voodi in the movie, Scarlett, like Sondra, was, sometimes, Voodi-proki, but her character was far from Nebbish who, for example, Vill Ferrell gave us Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried to celebrate. Instead of archetypal ticks and freaks, Sondra's nervousness comes directly from the family history she shares earlier. "Family business", on numerous occasions, leads to malapropism that we receive as an audience, while characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequences. Since we are all in a joke, we can not smile. But laughter does not come from the recognition of the Voodi nebbish, but is true of character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow in front of her, Scarlett is not obliged to use Voody's voice to show Voody's role. So, we are not being ruined from the narration because Voodi's voice suddenly comes out of someone's face. is a supporting role, but more in the center than I was hoping. However, this time Voody seems to have written a character that truly matches his current personality. Unlike his Ed Dobel's iconic figure at Anithing Else, or his blind director at Hollywood Ending, this time's figure is a comfortable fit. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. Within the raised circles they are in, he is even more fish-out of water than Scarlett, who is accustomed to a great comedy effect. Sid is falling, traveling a magician who plays a small audience, but the fact that he is from the second era is placed in front of us and the center of our enjoyment. But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Svearengen) McShane? I liked both of them as much as they used in the work. I especially liked McShane's short but effective turns. Jackman is charming for the lightness of "Old Monei", which has so often been featured in films since 50 years ago. (Class of the answer from the purple Rose of Cairo?) So what did I think? A short answer, perhaps his best direct comedy since 1994. Bullets Over Broadvai. Less stylized than Strong Aphrodite. Less caustic than Harry's deconstruction. Less forced by Small Time or Hollivood Ending. The Voodoo finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
