Something happens to Sondra Pranski when he enters a box of magicians on the stage of London's theater. Little did Sondra know that the spirit of the newcomer journalist Joe Strombel was materialized to ask him to investigate the man who told him, on his journey to another dimension, is the infamous killer of Tarot who was at the crime in London. The only problem is that the accused man, in all likelihood, is a respectable man of higher class. When Sondra says her experience to the Great Splendinia, which is called Sid Vaterman, the magician is stunned, but decides. to go together. Two would be P.I. invite a call to a club where Peter Liman goes swimming. Sondra, who forsakes her to drown, draws the attention of this piece, who wants to see more of her. Needless to say, the two will get into all kinds of entertainment situations until the mystery. is revealed at the end of the film. The real Tarot killer thinks he can not fool the decisive Sondra that proves to be more resourceful than giving him credit. The result is a perfect summer movie with a lot of laughter which is just what needs to get out of the heat at the perfect time in the cold theater. Voody Allen did better, yet this sunshine comedy will confirm it for past failures. In "Scoop", Mr. Allen separated from the romantic leader by taking care of her lovely leading lady. His trademark that gestures is something that this funny man will never get rid of, as it seems to be his trademark. The film has several funny lines that will go over the head of viewers who might not pay attention. Scarlett Johansson, the beautiful star "Scoop", seems to be the perfect foil for Voody Allen. She plays the right role while Mr. Allen is doing his sweet, perfect combination. They are both excellent in their jokes throughout the film. Ms. Johansson is a knock-out beauty in a red swimsuit, although she was dressed in most of the costumes she wears on the screen. Hugh Jackman is considered Peter Liman as a sophisticated man about a city with real pedigree. He appears well in the film as a man who deals with Mrs. Johansson. Ian McShane plays a dead journalist Fleet Street on the road to eternity. "Scoop" is an easy film for a hot and humid summer thanks to Voody Allen.
