I was lucky to get a free pass for the previous screening of 'Scoop' last night. Full house in the theater and when the film was over, it was a spontaneous applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like 'Scoop', although two teenagers sitting next to me sigh and uncomfortably upset for most of the movie. They were an exception, because everyone else, including me, really enjoyed it. Scoop is an accelerated mystery of murder. A young student of journalism unintentionally maneuvered forces outside her control in an attempt to capture a serial killer at large. The multitude performs as it unites with the traveling illusionist and falls in love with the naughty and charming young nobleman. Scoop is not a bad addition to Voodoo Allen's filmography. It's not his best work, but it's a very nice and easy heart. I would say it fits perfectly into the average Voodoo Allen movie, right in the middle of the pack. If you're a Voodoo Allen fan, you'll probably enjoy it. If you are indifferent to his work, then "Scoop" is enough to interest you to see more. I do not believe that someone who does not like his style of filming and acting will change his mind. Voody plays the same kind of neurotic character that we get accustomed to, although it borders dangerously close to the forcing and the top in this movie. Though potentially aggravating for those who might want to hurry and just spit out those words, fans of Voody Allen know what to expect. Ian McShane is missing, which is great and not close enough to the camera. Hugh Jackman is brilliant as a charming nobleman and I think Voody Allen has found a new regular star to work with Scarlett Johansson. I think with Match Point this is their second couple and it's just magic with the material Voodie gives her. It can be the beginning of a wonderful relationship! I'm glad to watch the movie and I certainly recommend it. A more sophisticated comedy from movies such as 'Scari Movie 4', so if your comedy is different from the former, 'Scoop' is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you love the touch of a class, sophistication and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. Probably not the Voody Allen movie I would introduce to a newcomer, but everyone should try.
