"Scoop" is also the name of the novel by Evelyn Vaugh from the late thirties, and the new film by Voody Allen, though set up today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. There is no depth of characterization, intense performance, uncertainty, or a shocking final frieze in Allen's final "Match Point" effort (for which many, including this reviewer, claim to be a great return to form), but "Scoop" looks a lot like Allen's last its focus on English aristocrats, luxurious apartments in London, murders and detection. This time, Voody leaves a genre of arrivista's murder mystery and returns to comedy, and he reappears on the screen as a lovely Vaudevilian, a magician named Sid Vaterman, set designer The Great Splendini, who rejects some snobs, being a Hebrew persuasion, but as I grew old, I'm in narcissism. "After the discovery in the middle of Splendini's standard dematerialization act, with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pranski) a volunteer audience, the unrelated couple is dragged into a deadly attempt by a dead English journalist to reach the last news. On the edge of Stika, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) just met the shadow of the secretary son of a lord Liman who says she is poisoned and told him that the charming noble son Peter Liman (Hugh Jackman) is a murderer of Tarot Card, a serial killer from London, and Sondra and Sid immediately become a couple of amateur sleuths. Vimes do not print their young heroine muse - as in "Match Point", Johansson again - as in the past. This time, Scarlett Sid and Sondra do not have flirting, which is a great relief. They simply merge, more or less politely, in order to fulfill Stromwell's wishes by They made friends with Layman and watched him indications of his guilt. With only minimal protests, Sid agrees to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who impressed Peter, pretending to drown in her club pool, was again baptized by Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, i.e. Voodi continues to cover poker by doing card tricks but entertaining widows and winning their husbands on poker, throwing non-stop one-liners and while maintaining, apparently with success, that in oil and precious metals, just like what Jade told him to say. It is all that is needed, or everything that can be said without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome. At first, Allen's decision to make Johanson naughty, naively portrayed, and poorly trained college looks not only unkind but also a versatile bad decision. But Johanson, who, as an actor, thrashes and thumps, miraculously manages to perform it, with the help of Jackman, an actor who knows how an actress looks desirable if he wants to. The film actually creates a sense of relationship in order to make up for it with a limited number of characters: Sid and Sondra spar in a friendly manner, and Peter and Sondra have convincing attraction even though they are artificial and infected (she goes, however, in bed with a suspicious maniac to murder. < What Alena once again did with English wealth and class, the things that his background in Brooklyn seems to have left, despite his famous personality, an overwhelming craving for. Jackman is an impressive guy, glamorous and polite His parents were English, but would you your star of a sports musical comedy raised in Australia ("Ks-Man's Volverine") really went like an aristocrat? Only in movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). a strong movie like "Match Point", but say it's a loser as some viewers are pretty wrong. There's no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or TV show, but Woody's jokes are far smoother and more original than you get in such media affairs, and sometimes show the return of old wit and wit. It does not matter if the movie is silly or slapdash when it redirects the summer party. You do not want a hard meal on a hot day. The whole thing pleases the time when film comedies were a really light escapist party, without rude jokes or bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the Allen drop that preceded Match Point. Do not believe them. Do not bother too much. Why would? He may have 70 years, but verbally, he is still on his feet. And his body also moves pretty fast.
