I really did not watch this show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember was an episode in which Kimmi Gibbler broke Stephanie's ears. When I started high school in 2000, I had problems through high school and I would rather not enter it. but I've always watched it preserved from the bells, but that broadcast really reminded me of the problems I faced at school, and rarely showed it to parents of children. Saved from the bells is fine, but not a good family show. a few days after I finished high school in 2004 I turned the TV into a family channel and day after day I became dependent on a full house. I could even press the info button and see the year when it came out and I would remember what I did during that time period. The episode was due to appear and it was called "birthday blues" and to date it's the most favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmi Gibbler in the way she does not act in other episodes, she actually shows her serious side . I have season 1,2,3,4,5, and 6 on DVD and I wait 7 and 8. I wanted to somehow have a documentary and some comments from actors. I do not know why some people have hatred for this show because you do not see the trash and violence in this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but the full house in my opinion is a family living in paradise where everyone is happy and good things are always happening. and the characters are so terrible. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is benevolent and always in good mood. When I was a kid, I was like Jesse and he is the first actor on TV as a guy who is so obsessed with hair. You can somehow say that the DJ is a California girl. I really like episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because she always makes me smile and illuminates my day when I watch her. and Stephanie is so cool. It's also difficult for me to say apartments Olsen. I want my children to watch this one day. but full house is my favorite show # 1, and Sabrina teen is my favorite. Someday, sometime before I die, I really would like to personally meet all the actors of a full house. The first 3 seasons are boring, but they begin to improve in the 4th season. I just wanted them to make the 9th season. they stopped making the house in 1995, and in the autumn of 1996, a teenage witch Sabrina came out (which is similar to a family show), but the full house is very kind and they have their own good and bad times, and that, I understand, if your wild Trashy type of people will hate you this show, but this is a sho for happiness and it's also a moral show. I also want to say that the first 3 seasons are a good children's show, but around the 4th and 5th season, DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only with the full house, but also many shows, they never talk about problems in the world and politics, such as when the full house was airborne during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombing in Oklahoma Cit. 1995 they never mention anything about it. and Steve was my favorite DJ's boy, those with Viper and Nelson were not very interesting. But season 5 and 6 I think they are the best. I just wished that they made the ninth season because it left a big question mark in my head, because in the last episode of the last minute, DJ gets a surprise and goes to a prom dinner with his ex-boyfriend Steve, I always wondered if they came back together. and I liked how DJ was always responsible in recent seasons, and Stephanie always wanted to do something funny, as in the episode "Stephanie's Vild Ride"
