Like most other reviewers, I first watched this movie (on television, never on the big screen) when I was a teenager. My dad always watched this film high and recommended it to me then, and I must say that he was not just right, but this film has always stayed with me for over two decades since I first saw it. I've seen it two or three times since then (just a few days ago I gave it another hour) and did not lose any of its influence over time. It's still great and worth seeing! Manr considers Peckinpah RIDE THE HIGH COUNTRI as one of the first and best later Westerners, who had a realistic view of life in the old West, but barely known LAST HUNT is definitely a better movie and it was half a dozen years earlier. In fact, it probably was 3 decades ahead of time, or maybe it's still ... Although I'm thinking about heavy issues and we've certainly seen 100 winds (I love this genre), I can not to remember no Western as dark and depressing like this one. Two men connected, partly by hatred, partly because they did not have other choices, surrounded by beautiful Miss Padgett, an elderly old man and young Inians, who lead the life of the killer bison until destiny reaches one of them. No one who has ever seen this movie will be able to forget its end and the last frames of this gem. When the camera moves and moves away from Mr. Tailor, the white skin of the bison comes to light (on the tree) and echos from the past, when all hatred began, they are again present. Mr. Tailor has his own bison, but in the end he got the bison. In addition to the top performances of all involved, intelligent scenarios and big dialogue, it should be noted that the LAST LOVE was superbly photographed, I rarely saw the western well-recorded (aside) from those directed by Anthony Mann, who were also top-notch photos) the locations are cleverly selected and that even the soundtrack fits well with the picture. BROOKS is a truly wonderful narrator. He made several really great films and was successful in almost every imaginable genre, but even in such a fruitful career as this, LAST HUNT still shines as one of his best, if not the best. I would definitely earn a higher rating, compared to the 7th RIDE THE HIGH COUNTRI enjoys.
