If you are watching this show for the first time, you can begin to wonder if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Fun dialog? Are lands that seem to have some depth, even creating an atmosphere of tension and drama on time? I mean, this is a syndicated children's show? This is the same place that brought children such as Pokemon, Pepper Ann, Powerful Morphin Power Rangers and VR Troopers (note that three of the above titles are crass Japanese exports, thanks to Fox Netork and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you only sample some of the quality meals that were available to children during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers," "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Pover" and "C.O.P.S." (cartoon should NOT be confused with live action on Fokus). In addition to these primary examples, Disney also returned to union programs for children who came up with a line called "The Disnei Afternoon". In addition to the release of The Gummi Bears, early shows such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip" N Dale's Rescue Rangers, gave credence to Disney animation teams that also feature theatrical classics. "Little Mermaid," "Beauty and Beast," "Savior Bottom", and "The Big Detective of the Mouse." But the "TaleSpin" shines over all of these wonders. "The premiere of" robbery and lightning "was a two-hour excitement drive and won Emma. Satisfaction, the other episodes were in line with the promise of the premiere. While enjoying complications and diarrhea gu is the biggest attraction for me: Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, is still missing; Kit Cloudkicker, full of teenagers and optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support, Frank Vildcat, the most amusing Scottish engineer in the original "Star Trek "Molly Cunningham, sweet and witty, but with the depth that most children's characters do not have, and of course in the center of everything, there is Baloo, which I would describe as a crazy version of James Bond. This is because whenever there are problems, Baloo saves the day with the help of his sleek Sea-Duck (read: James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course, every great performance must have big criminals, and neither TaleSpin nor disappointed here. From the megalomania of Busherstiger Shere Kahn, to the futile and always failed air pirate Don Karnage, to the hilarious and incompetent Soviet satirical Thembrian. Animation is good, music is appropriate, and the episodes are (for me) the finest thing children's programs have ever had. Great fun for the whole family!
