Ah, Talespin! What can I say, what has not been said about this great show? Nothing! This is no doubt one of the most beautiful inscriptions I've ever met, live action or animation. Newer things are too stunned by my tastes, and some of the "mature" things I have to get out of the room. But not Talespin. The stories are interesting and very persuasive. Some of them could even stretch for an hour or two for a movie. Episodes like Stormi Veather and Her Chance to Dream are very dramatic while still entertaining for both children and adults. Then there are pure episodes of comedy such as Bluest of Baloo Bloods and Stuck on iou, where the emphasis is on joy. I can laugh with tears in several choices. The dramatic aspect is very missing in most shows today (at least those that are not specifically directed towards it), especially in cartoons. In the Stormy Veather episode, for example, Kit Cloudkicker decides to join the air circus, but Baloo believes it would be too dangerous. In the biggest battle of the episode, Baloo shouts at Kit to avoid Daring Day, which Kit screams "NO! You can not tell me what to do! YOURSELF * NO * * MY * DAD *!" and bury his face in the pillow. The next day he goes to the air circus. This kind of drama is a rarity in a cartoon and would be welcome in those that were created today. The characters have a lot of depth. Baloo is mostly what he is in the book of the Jungle, plus or minus a few degrees of laziness. Rebecca is a crafty business woman whose ideas of getting money, although they are good in theory, are rarely good in practice. She was a sweet little girl, but you can not let it fool you. It can sometimes be real hell. The kit Cloudkicker is a darker character than the others. He does not believe adults much if he does not turn to him, and he has a tendency to break relationships. Watch out for his expression in robbery and lightning when he grabs a hook: he looks as if he is ready to correct him through the pirates. Finally, it's a drama combined with very real chemistry between characters who make this show # 1 in my book. The relationship between Baloo and Kit is very real, almost father and son. This is well illustrated in the All's Vhale That Ends Vhale movie when Baloo takes Kit's word that Seimour abuses animals in his aquarium instead of standing on the side of other adults. The relationship between Baloo and Becky is also real, because Balo's motivation for work comes from the desire to buy off the old sea ducks, and not necessarily the desire to help Rebecca. But something tells me that if he returned the duck, he would still work for Rebecca. Sea duck, not to mention all the other planes in the series, is pretty realistically designed. Functions of the airplane do not change once during the series (continuity is such that it is difficult to get in), and unlike most other "super-planes" of other caricatures, it does not have just one weapon on the ship (unless you count mango!), And instead It relies on the skillful skill of a skilled pilot to get out of trouble. It's hard to imagine a hero's vehicle that does not have a kind of rifle gun, a laser gun, or even a gun somewhere on the boat. The fact that they use their heads to get out of trouble today is hard to find in a cartoon. In addition, it's a great design! This is definitely the best cartoon. Ever. Period. Definitely worth all ten stars!
