This film gives a statement about Joseph Smith, what he represents and what he believes in the LDS church. With all current media coverage, certain fugitives confused the LDS Church with the FLDS Church and the criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS church, but media groups around the world have sought comments on Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs are not mentioned at all in the film, but I think it's ironic that this film with all of its points on Joseph also points to a few FLDS churches and their leader at the moment in the media world. This is a film about Joseph Smith and a great movie. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are shown in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jeff's views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church, and this is seen in this film. Jeffs think of "black" as devils. Joseph Smith knew that the children of God and gave up his favorite horse of his wife Afroamerican (former merchandise) to buy the freedom of his son. Joseph was shown to do housework for his wife, Emma, ​​and a member was criticized until Joseph told him that a man could lose his wife in the next life if he decided not to stay with his husband and that it was a way to help and nurture. your wife. Jeffers brought one of their polygamist wives to their knees in front of a class that was full of students by grabbing the braid and screwing it painfully until it reached its knees. In the end, Joseph took part in law enforcement and sought help from the government at any time. Jeffers follow the nose and run away. I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS Church believes, then this is the movie to see. And if you confuse the Church of the LDS with the church of the FLDS, then you really need to get together. We did not differ much from all who believe in Jesus Christ, the Holiness of marriage and family, and patriotic towards our country and country. And we are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This film is trying to show it, but there is so much Josephine's life that can not be covered in just 2 hours of the movie. This was a really great show.
