Warning: soft spoilers. The story of Joseph Smith stands out as incredible - even moving - an episode in American history and the history of world religion. This film shows the events in the life of Joseph Smith, whom the Mormons respect as the prophet for the restoration of the true Church of Jesus Christ on earth. I have watched the movie twice in the first month of public display. Joseph Smith was the first to show that he is the youngest of the three brothers (Alvin, Hirum and Joseph) who, at a very young age, needs surgery. Operation, done without our modern conveniences, was bloody and heavy. The scene helped to show the cohesiveness of the Smith family and the relationship between the brothers and between Joseph and his parents. Joseph's religious confusion and subsequent prayer that led to what Mormons call the First Vision is interestingly depicted. Jesus' face has never been shown, but you see the unmistakable traces of nails in His hands. The rejection by religious leaders and many in his small New York community is slowed down at least a little because of Joseph's marriage to Emma. This film does not clarify clear events in the history of the Mormon Church, but just jumps from the scene to the scene. This is not a criticism - just a note of style. The rubbing and feathering practice is shown, and especially dramatic and moving when Joseph brought a preacher on the Savior's love with scars The film masterfully displayed simultaneously the joy and growth of Mormonism as a church for small children, while at the same time an ever more volatile opposition that has spread to the heights of local governments. The film shows many scenes from Joseph's life, including a few nice moments that show his relationship with Emma. An attempt was made to show the depth and complexity of Joseph's life, including his fierce love for his wife, his infinite love for children, his brains, his courage in dirty and dangerous opposition, his religious feelings and pity. While Joseph and Hajrum ride to Cartage, they never return to life, most of the characters from the whole film, whose lives touched Joseph, are shown along the way, helping to strengthen what has already been seen, but setting the final scene to be more powerful. Finally, the martyrdom of Joseph and Heirum is shown, and movie viewers are left to reflect on the events they have just seen. When I first watched a film I assumed that the Church had made him, he introduced Joseph Smith to non-members. I do not think it's the case anymore, although I hope the film can do just that. As an insider, I consider the movie to be a celebration of Joseph and greatly empowers the good things we already know about him. I wonder how the outsiders will watch the movie - will it simply be seen as a propaganda, epic story of an American religious man, or something else. The film is beautifully shot, suitable for family, movement and, I hope, something good for everyone. It is interesting to consider in the light of many aspects of our culture - including the freedom of religious expression and observance (in general) of the laws - that modern ones take me for granted, if the events that were taking place really happened in these United States.
