Somewhere near the bottom of the film studio you can find companies like UFOs, Troms, and below them is the film "Seduction". Divination is direct to a video production company that specializes in lesbian themes, non-hardcore erotic. movies. He developed a very dedicated fan base that buys every new title while being published, but unfortunately the company has become too closely linked to the frequent star of Misti Mundae. I'm sadly saying that the recent mainstream interest and its appearance in the Masters of Horrors program has provoked little more than its zero-budget effort that made the company find a new identity. But, even in their glory days, they published this film about a highly respected world. Beautiful Misti Mundae is forced to attend boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school she sees her absurdly hot room with her, played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately has blueprints on her, but the director (Barbara Joice) has other plans. In a typical S.C style, the film stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this one has an interesting story and a couple of good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to have a great deal of fun as a sexual predator that Misty considers as a delicious meal, and Darian Caine makes a welcome (though short) look like a Satan. This is a movie that Jess Franco will perform in the 1970s (although this does not have a hardcore sex that Franco is always ready to sell abroad), and lovers of this madness would gladly give this Idu. For me, as a longtime cinema-loving fan (and a Trome fan), I've encountered Seduction movies through their parody movies (Who wants to be an erotic billionaire) but I'm actually more I love their original works. Or you can see the past of a low budget, and sometimes poor acting, or you will rely on these things and just hate all those movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these films without a budget is a real sense of fun. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style that gives the viewer something completely different from the mild, by numbers, multisectoral effort. If you've never seen a seduction movie movie or this or the Sisters of Sin (with both sisters from Mundae) are a great choice to start. This movie is fun and fast (although frequent external school recordings have become slightly older), and the DVD is fully equipped with accessories, including a tone of reviews of other company offers, excellent background image and some other features. deleted scenes, including alternative opening. I recommend that you pass the bonus characteristic of the disc, the first film of the director, since it is rather weak and not worth watching.
