I was lucky enough to watch this without any previous review. I was surprised by the resilience of the image of the spirit in my mind the next day, and the day after that. I watched him 3-4 times, and every time I appreciate him more. The settings are beautiful, the city at dusk has beautiful light effects, wet long shots, and the house itself is sufficiently grown moss. The protagonist is so sympathetic and benevolent that he is easy to sympathize with. For the person who complained that there is not enough "spark" in this film, I would say that this is because the whole fight against the spirit is being led precisely to this one person. It's a rather slow film, with unusual time spent, before and after the ghost attacks, on the development of its character with family and business life. Discussion about SPOILERS / I especially like a turning point, when he returns to the capital and meets with a man who helps him and explains how he has seen the ghost. He describes a woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation he says that he is coming back because after all, what did he do to him? The other man says, "You can not come back ... alone!" and lends to her hero's hero. A cute little dog offers a small break of comic relief, which goes down the house and even into a locked room. Many incidental appearances of the spirit really frightened me. A woman appeared in the middle when she shot at the church, showing that she was not afraid of the church, and she was neither shy nor tied to the house. It's all at the very beginning. Another incredibly unforgettable scene was with children outside the church fence watching the funeral. As the camera is on the right, the woman is seen in the background among the tombstones. The older man will not even look at it, but the kids shout and scream at him. Crreeepi ... Usually, ghosts are hidden in shadows, obscure specific sites or people. As already mentioned, spiritual malice and anger are terrifying, and I feel that the attacks and the end are perfect and completely justified. The ending underlined the fact that the hero made a big mistake by returning home. Or maybe it is marked no matter what, rescuing a gypsy. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so convincing, and he really plays the role well. I spread it to my friends about how much I enjoyed this movie, and it's encouraging to see others. I see that people do not see exactly the same masterpiece, especially if they got into it with a lot of reassessment. The question is whether ghosts can physically hurt man. Okay. I plan to watch it again tonight, and then The Changeling, aavv ieah. Do you have any other movies you would recommend? Thank you,
