Most horror films are actually horrible movies. They become the same ol-ol. The same old package of every minute with some cheap excitement (usually 'splatter') can still be packed every second with colorful special effects. One of the goals of a really good horror is to stop the disbelief of the audience. For example, I've seen both of the recent Mummy films and I almost rotated in my head looking at the funny special effects every second. Probably cost a million dollars a second for filming these movies and my feeling of unbelief was never suspended, it grew out of the roots. Subtlety can be more scary. Less is more. First I saw 'Woman in Black' on A & E channel. After I rolled through the usual 987 channels of very bad television, I stopped watching it. This film has almost the feeling of producing "Masterpiece Theater". To me it was good, I always preferred British TV and movies. Most viewers would consider it to be too slow. But slow pacing helps the story to be credible. Special effects are small, making it easy for the viewer to think that this movie is set in the real world, which makes us uncomfortable. Makeup and costume for the spirit are simple and convincing. Hollywood would make her look like a demon of hell with brilliant eyes-claws, etc. Hollywood would do the exaggeration and turn this idea into a core. Woman makes only five appearances in the film. Most of them are where it occurs in the distance, and even it creates a good fear. If it appeared too often, it could reduce the mood. However, this film is so well made that through most of the film we lead to the feeling that it is there all the time, but it is not visible. The scene in which she is late "Arthur Kidd" and she is a little too close is a masterpiece in horror. This is just an extraordinary movie that I think should be one of the best horror films ever made. I have a copy of 'The Haunting', 'The Changling' and another million. I have not seen anything that is at the top of 'Women in Black', although I'm still looking for it. This film is so well made that even the most ardent skeptic (like me) gives a moment in which I almost thought about the lack of ghosts. I am joking for people to occasionally receive short fears that may appear in the middle of the road or that I will see her looking through my window, etc. Maybe she could be in a crowd in a shopping mall that looks at me with hate. This should be a really good horror movie. As LaFanu's novel, The Woman in Black is slowly pulling in and hanging around your door, and before you realize it, she pushes your life out and it's too late. The closest thing to be criticized is that this is made for a small screen ... and it's a terrible disgrace that this is out of print. I just paid over $ 40 for my second copy of this movie. It's the main prize in my collection. Now I'm looking for an even better horror movie that not only gives out winters, but also qualifies a sound drama.
