While I loved horror films, such as Amitiville and Poltergeist, this made for television adaptation of the book Susan Hills a huge blow to Hollywood horror. With the great Heartbeat acting team and other TV drama), great acting and fantastic setting (which convincingly shows life in 1920), has all the right ingredients to draw spectators into a powerful ghost story. Herbert Vise does not need blood, violence or blood to send the winter through the backbone of the audience. Using your imagination, Woman in Black is a figure of fear and fear, and whose presence is never missing when it first appears. The main character Arthur Kidd, lawyer, learns about his invisible spectrum on his mission to solve the property. The widow dies and Arthur spends several nights in his hideous home where he notices many unusual things that he can persecute for a few days. Some of the scenes are a very disturbing and claustrophobic, especially locked room that opens, which turns off the generator and closes Arthur in the dark. The film is becoming more and more terrible to put on Arthurs shoes, and his efforts to shake this spirit. The writer puts many disturbing additions to the story, as an example of the re-emergence of a tiny soldier. A man is eager to know the meaning of all this. The fact that we have never really learned much about the widow, leaves more imagination and makes it even more disturbing. Widow in the most part looks mean and scary. The scene after the winding of the generator sent me a winters, a woman who appeared from nowhere in an isolated wetland with a winding wind? Already on such qualities I realized how much it is isolation. And the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible thing I've ever seen, which I do not want to watch in a hurry or show my older relatives. Often I woke up at night thinking that it was in my sleep behind me. Woman in Black is a great TV movie and a lost gem. I agree to some extent that the internet podium for this film was completely exaggerated and I see why people were disappointed after spending the best of 50 pounds on it, but I think the network has defeated hidden jewels because films such as these are overly revealing. I think it's still great and fantastic, and I think it's the biggest story of the ghosts of the last century.
