It is not known if Marilyn Monroe ever met and talked with Albert Einstein (and from the mysterious disappearance of her diary after her equally mysterious death, we might never know), but in their life this opportunity was there. The script written by Terry Johnson from his own drama, Nicolas Roeg's Insignificance imagines meeting in a hotel room in New York on the evening of 1953 between two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busei) and senator Joseph McCarthi (Curtis) - but only on one level. At the second level, he raises - or reduces - this 'personality' (and what a bad phrase it is) to mere avatars (the characters are intentionally unnamed), at the same time, they are getting bigger and smaller in status. The insignificance is both primitive and deeply ironic; here, DiMaggi's net worth is reduced to a bit more than a picture on a chewing gum card. Monroe is also reduced to the components of clothing, hair, rose, imagination and voice. Revealing their insecurity and reversing their roles, the film sharply focuses on celebrities, exploding the cult of personality. By referring to the topic, there will be another explosion at the peak of the film: Hiroshima in a hotel suite, in which the 'Actress' burnt to the ashes in seconds; literary deconstruction of fame. Goodbye, Norma Jean. History informs the script, which in turn shakes the history of the upside. As Roeg thought after he first glanced at Johnson's performance, "These characters were mythical, not invented by any person, not the public or the press, probably even the characters themselves." As actress Theresa Russell, Marilyn (intelligent real life cabinet), teaches children Einstein ("The professor Emil plays) about the theory of relativity using balloons and a flashlight, while the professor showed his feet, in a conscious parody of his own role in the film For seven years, the film "The Actress" is working on opening the film. History records that Monroe's then husband, the pale star of the baseball DiMaggio (played by Busei as a gentle psychotic nonsense), was dissatisfied with his cult scene in the film , which accelerated the breakdown. Right to Know k, we discover the jealous 'Ballplaier' in the bar, bemoaning the fact that if, "I want to see my underwear, I just walk to the corner like all the other guys." Unlike the professor, The Ballplaier believes that the universe is round - an assertion shared by the Indians. But the great boss (Sampson, who flew above the cuckoo's nest) who manages the elevator at Roosevelt Hotel was completely deprived of his own freedom of freedom: "I no longer Cherokee - I watch TV . "In the meantime, the 'Senator' is investigating Professor, who is about to hold the pacifist speech of Ujeda one nation, but when Senator doubt that the Red. In fact, while discovering Monroe, Einstein is guilty of Hiroshima and what the future of white heat holds. Nevertheless, in the seemingly ungodly universe, all such concerns and aspirations become insignificant in the light of more (atomic) power. Roeg is a truly perfect director who brings Johnson's screenplay to the screen. Through a tedious flashy childhood and a pessimistic flash forward (ka-boom!) Draw unexpected connections between time, place, and circumstance, with a repeated visual motif of a wristwatch used to mark the passing of time - but maybe it is suggested that all the time is one time; each moment coexist. As evidenced in his catalog, this is something that is fascinated by the notion of synchrony for the director's hobbies - see Don't Look Nov in particular. Here in 1920, it blew in 1945, and it is caught up in the '80s, a period in which the second "actor" assumed its greatest role as the President of the United States. If all of this sounds pretty hard going (quantum physics is certainly included), execution is all but, thanks to Johnson's witty, handsome scenario, Roeg's playful direction, opening up an essential stage setting - and the actors themselves, which are in the star form. Tony Curtis specifically leaves the dentures of a dentifrice in a wooden plaque as a paranoid impotent senator, who sees himself trying to summon Monroe's imitator (real, unlike Russell) before his missing member drops him. Of course, Curtis once acted with Marilyn Monroe's real name in Some Like It Hot, and whose embrace was unusually described as "the kissing of Hitler." As Roeg commented, "everything suddenly seemed connected ... when the film began to form, even the actors themselves were part of this endless connection." All this enters the pot, it is poured and served in new and fascinating ways.
