The projects of Nicolas Roeh vary in the least, but they are never less interesting than anything else. "Ignorance" is an obvious, first and foremost, adapted stage play: she is prudent and pretty much "tied to the room". OR, it is worth paying a visit to this film many times: the basic topics are not openly presented and, moreover, it takes some time to adjust to the juxtaposition and reversals of the roles of four protagonists: Einstein, McCarthy, Munroe and DiMaggio. . Einstein was sentenced for guilty for Hiroshima, but he likes the ease of sexual connection with Munro; Munrou is troubled by what she's seen as bimbo and eager for intellectual confidence; Senator McCarthy is at the height of his powers to hunt for witchcraft, but he is impotent mole; DiMaggio is unsure of his famous personality, self-obsessed and prone to violence. Each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction. Each character has a problematic, misused past and a suspicious future. Gradually we see that obsession is a central topic. The American obsession with its postwar cultural icons and customs; the obsession of the protagonists for something that no one can have: peace of mind and / or happiness. Compared to the theory of relativity, the proposed unified field theory and, indeed, the cosmos itself, all the aspirations and interactions of Roeg's protagonists seem insignificant. However, these aspects of the physical universe (everything is quantum, believe me!) They affect us when applied to the development of resources to destroy us. Monroe's recollection of the principle behind a neutron bomb (not called it as such) is not anachronism per se, it can only be understood by the contemporary audience. Indeed, ALL references within the script are only available to the professional viewer: one "fait" with 50 appearances / cults of personality and how they affect us in the 21st century. This film and its script were either very, very smart, or extremely opaque and pretentious. After all, it's probably insignificant. Live long and prosperous :) <br />
