I was always a big fan of Nicolas Roeg and "Valkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a film version of the Roegs theater play, and while most of the movie takes place in the hotel room, it still has some of Roegs' movie torches. A very unique story is about the famous actress (Theresa Russell) who, after heavy nightmare on the movie in 1954, goes to the hotel to visit the famous professor (Michael Emil) and together they talk in their hotel room. After some time she wants to go to bed with him, but as she starts to undress, her husband knocks on the door. Her husband is known to be a former baseball player (Gary Busei) and wants to know what is happening. The three of them in the hotel room speak of what is happening and what their future brings. In the meantime, the famous senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to seize the professor's work if he does not testify at the hearing. Theresa Russell is great and while she does not try to present himself as Marilyn Monroe, she excels with the phobia and nuances that Monroe is well-known for. One thing the film does is to show it as not only a woman on the edge of a mental breakdown, but also to show her as a physical wreck. He talks about the inability to have children, and at one point in the film he suffers from abortion. You can make an excellent case that this is Russell's best performance and that I would not argue. The movie makes an interesting thing in displaying many flashbacks while characters continue to talk about one thing, and in flashback we see one of many reasons for their actions. Busei also gives a good solid performance and reminds me of what a strong person gives on the screen. Emil as a teacher is a character who has a lot more things in mind than we thought. The last scene in this film is a demonstration of its dark side! One of the highlights of the movie is for me a little conversation that led with an elevator (Vill Sampson from the "Cuckoo's Nest") and they are discussing what the Cheri Indians think about at any moment. But, of course, the famous scene in this movie is where Russell shows Emile how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The professor is thrilled with her demonstrations and we are! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and they do a great job when they are in collaboration and this is probably their best movie together. Good performances and a very interesting work of directing make this challenging and visually provoking film.
