MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is the enchanting thriller of 1945, Joseph Levis, undoubtedly one of the best directors of Hollywood Noir films. This 65-minute Gothic peculiarity from Columbia Pictures came after Levis's long-term learning as a helmer of a series of Western poverty strata, an East Side Kids comedy, horror melodrama (including the incredibly bizarre biker White Lugosi THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and standard studio B (TAJNE KO-ED , BOMBES ON BURMS, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc. - all this pretty well set the stage for what was to come from the incredibly talented and inventive Mr. Levis. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (as well as TAMO NIGHT from the following year) Lewis's production, such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), in spite of the expanded scope of the narrative structure, continued to rely on, as a result, a lucrative and efficient story, quickly and efficiently for the most modest budgets. to a sleek, lucid work of the camera and effective low-quality lighting. And very modest resources. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS probably more owes the tradition of British mysteries (set in studio-bound studio) than conventional film noir seams and decorations. The young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Vitti). Two days after her arrival, she wakes up from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously enough, with a brand new identity - with that old woman's sail. Saying that she is a victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggles to grasp the utter and seemingly hopeless nature of her difficulties. But soon he begins to compose a strange and disturbing truth behind this dark mystery, that her "husband" (always threatening George Macreadi) most likely killed his real wife and was deceived into taking part in a tortuous and malicious scheme. Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest story is the indelible touch that Levis brings into production, marking him the first of his really serious efforts as a film director.
