If you are a fan of the Gothic Horror, then you are definitely absolutely guaranteed LOVE to this amazing Italian film of the 60's Castle of Blood. We're really talking about trembling, creaky doors, ghostly portraits that look like moving, spontaneously dying the candles, although there is no wind and smoke coming from heavy wooden doors. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this masterpiece of Gothic film is one of the best there; only one small league below the hallmarks such as "Black Sunday", "Three Faces of Fear" and "Damnation of the Woman Who Cries". Renowned director Sergio Corbucci ("Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalipse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (which truly provoked nightmares) malicious landscapes and locations for shooting, elegant black and white photography, music that is cold for the spine and a great gathering of talented performers. Barbara Steele, the star of the aforementioned "black week" and Italian goth-muse number one, shines again as a spiritually tortured character and is literally surrounded by excellent matchmakers. One of them, Silvano Tranquillo, even gives a fairly credible account of the author Edgar Alan Poa. The story includes him and another rich village visitor in a nearby tavern which causes a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid bet. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? he would survive one night in the notorious Blackwood Castle, receive a stunning $ 10 award and an interview with Poe's press. Needless to say, the temptation is much more dangerous than it sounds, even for someone like Alan Foster, who is a solid disbeliever in ghosts and vampires. The night starts great for him, because he even encounters with the stunningly beautiful woman of his dreams, but gradually finds out that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of previously deceased visitors are captured for all eternity. I do not know about you, but this is seriously one of my favorite objects of horror of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was obviously proud of this film, for he rearranged it a few years later as the "Web of the Spider". This film had a bit of aduta, for example, casting no less than Klaus Kinsky in the role of Edgar Alan Po, but generally this original is much superior. The "Castle of Blood" literally exudes the atmosphere and maintains a completely disturbing atmosphere. This is really one of the few movies that can make hair on your hands and neck with fear if you look at it in the right circumstances. Watch him late at night, preferably yourself, in a candle room, and get an idea of ​​the right definition of horror.
