Originally I watched this film as a boy in the old Rialto Theater as part of the triple law on Saturday afternoon matinee that included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Maria Night's Nightmare Castle. I had nightmares about ghosts who were hunting blood for a week later! Although I did not know it then, all three films would prove to be the classic of this genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films scared me, the deepest impact was the castle Blood. It was the first in the account. I did not even see it from the beginning, because we were late at the movies and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. That's a lot to be missed, because the redacted printout lasted only about 79 minutes (unread 87 minutes). But in spite of this, the dark, ghastly atmosphere (complete with ruinous castles, blurred cemeteries, shadows and wreckage), Gothic scenery, strong acting and uncertainty (especially for the last 20 minutes) frightened beagers and left a lasting impression. It took me years to finally get a copy of the movie for my collection. Since it was French-Italian imports, it was not a film that appeared on a late shoemaker in Winnipeg. I could not remember the title well (I remember I did not see the beginning of the film and I was scared), and in order to make things worse, the film was published under a dozen different film titles (aka Danze Macabre). , Coffin of Terror, Terror Castle, Long Night of Terror, etc ...) and work title USA / UK "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other "b" horror and uncertain films, illusive. But thanks to the Internet and persistence, I finally found it! What a delicacy to finally see the movie in full after so many years! Perhaps he did not have a very emotional effect like when I was a boy, but as the movies from the house go horrifying, that's good and compare with similar iconic films from the period like The Haunting, The Nevins. "or" Black Sunday ", the film is a fine early effort by the Italian director Antonio Margheriti, featuring Queen's 60-year-old Barbara Steele and a well written script by Sergio Corbucci on the skeptical writer (Georges Riviere), who, on a bet, spends the night in the haunted house and unconsciously becoming part of the annual story that continues. The hippotrist Steele is thrown into a witty interest - such as Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. Many tricks that Margherita uses to create a nasty atmosphere of the film (pa The act, screaming doors, fog, etc. are obliged to look like a cliché to a modern audience, but they work much more effectively in black and white than they could ever in modern color. Instead of using body counting and special effects, the film creates fears on the old way, relying on a good story, stylistic direction, fine scenography, interesting camera work and strong acting performance. Margherita does a wonderful job by getting these elements and building the uncertainty of the movie while the terrible paranormal secrets of the house are gradually revealed to the unconscious writer. The film is not without flaw. The step is retreating at the beginning of the film (ironically, the 20 minutes I initially missed). This was probably worsened by the efforts of Sinapse Movies to return the film to its original length. Although fans will probably appreciate the opportunity to see the film updated - in terms of the introduction - perhaps it was more an obstacle than help. English voices are just passing and, in restored scenes, the language is shifted from English to French (English subtitles are provided), which will certainly be disturbing for some viewers. However, Sinapse Films deserves praise for the quality of the press. It is clear that efforts were made to restore it and deserved it so. I enjoyed the movie immensely and highly recommended to fans of 60 Italian Goth films, or to anyone who enjoys a good story about ghosts. Rob Rheubottom Vinnipeg, MB Canada
