Italy has produced many really great and original horror films in the sixties - and that's definitely one of them! The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the movie. Shot in gorgeous black and white, and due to the use of lighting by director Antoni Margeriti; the film seems to be a German expressionist horror. This, combined with the horror-filled line, ensures that Danse Macabre is a movie that truly captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not matter - and the good news continues, because in this film, she bends the acting muscles more than in the movies that made her famous. The action is very aware of the time in which this is published, and thus includes the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe and Lord Blackwood himself that he can not spend the whole night in a creepy old trap. Everyone who spent the night there died ... and our hero will meet with the previous bets! Today, horror movies do not focus so much on each shot and the result is that there is not much beauty in the genre. That's why it's refreshing to see this movie. Many of the pictures here are incredibly beautiful - from the woman's side who only wear a transparent skirt, to my personal favorite - a smoke shoot that slides under the door. This is my first Antonio Margherita movie, and even after I saw this one; It is obvious that he was one of the Italian prime ministers. Interestingly, the script was written by one of the Italian giants; Django creator Sergio Corbucci. The action can sometimes be a little tricky, but it always has enough ambience to ensure that the film never gets boring - the fact that it's always intriguing, even when the action slows down, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the 'house haunted' theme is both made and original, and helps keep the story as ugly as possible. All in all, fans of Italian and / or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem!
