Antonio Margheriti "Danza Macabra" aka. "Castle Of Blood" from 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly crafty masterpiece of the Italian Gothic Horror, and after "La Maschera Del Demonio" by Maria Bava (Black Sun) in 1960 and "Pit and The Pendulum" by Roger Corman from 1961 (in the main role of the great Vincent Price) another unavoidable reputation that the beautiful Barbara Steele deserved more than a deserved fame as the most important woman icon of Horror in the history of films. But not only is beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actors of all time, but the screenplay for "Danza Macabra" co-author is none other than the film genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed the so ingenious Spaghetti Western Missions like "Django" (1966) and "Great Silence" (1968). Italian number 2 in the field (right after Maria Bava), the director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all time masters of the Gothic Horror, and "The Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly a second film works so greatly in creating an incredibly oppressive, but wonderful atmosphere as it is with this nasty masterpiece. When he encounters a famous brilliant story writer, Edgar Allen Po, in a gloomy London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Riviere) accepts a bet from a nobleman, unable to spend the night in his spoiled mansion at night of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the spooky castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, he meets the enchanting inhabitant of the castle, stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackvood (Barbara Steele). Mysterious events so far, however, were only the horror of the fears that the castle was bridging, however ... Cinema and excellent scorecard Riz Ortolani create an incredibly oppressive atmosphere that is awesome. Beautiful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can not find enough words to praise this beautiful actress. No other actress has ever been able to unite a striking beauty with a freak, as is the case with Steele, and no actress will never. In addition to Steele, the acting feature of the film contains another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and it also brings great performance. The performance of George Riviera as Alan Foster is excellent, and other performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele Delivers one of her best performances, cinemas and locations are beautifully haunted outside of comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly spectacular ... The film is simply a perfect whole atmosphere, gothic beauty and art of terror. In short: "The Castle of Blood" is one of the most attractive atmospheric and greatest Gothic horrors ever recorded, and nobody is interested in this genre! 10/10
