Today the actresses are lucky enough to gain weight, paint their hair, dress like gnats and lose their glamor for the role, and Bette Davis was probably an actress who started the trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally worn Konstanz Benetti's designer clothes and make-up in movies, Davis was willing to destroy himself in order to create a character from the outside, as well as from the inside. Decisiveness has been demonstrated here in her movie "Of Human Bondage", starring Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a sloppy, manipulative, greedy, low life in Howard's Masochist Philip's club. She first meets her when she is a waitress, and she allows him to perform for dinner and theater while having fun with a wealthy elderly man (Alan Hale Sr.). True, Mildred was rejected by Philip's club foot. Philip seems to be enjoying the abuse of an open flirt and coldness towards him. He allows Mildred to financially dry it out among the guys who let him go when he is tired while he throws a couple of really beautiful women (Kai Johnson and Frances Dee). When she gets the courage to throw her out, Mildred collapsed the apartment and robbed him, forcing him to withdraw from the medical school and lose his accommodation. Although Leslie Howard was a great actor and attractive, his style of acting is a more formal old school, and as a result, he is inclined to record everything he is in. After "or" Stunted Forest "that requires his kind of technique.Any acting performance is even more obvious, since Davis created a new terrain with a fierce, sharp performance that would truly bring her a name.If it seems to be occasional at the top, she came from the stage, and the subtlety of the movie acting later will appear for her. Contrast this play with his Henriette's restraint, warmth and gentleness in "All This, and Heaven" or the pathos she brought to "Dark Victory." She was a real actress and real artist. Davis really allows himself to look like sacred hell; Mildred's deterioration is absolutely pathetic because Philip appears to be gaining power while her spirit fades. An excellent movie where you can see how one of the greatest movie stars is developing.
