When I saw this film lasting only 80 minutes, I thought we were in trouble. Condensing the gigantic novel V. Somerset Maugham to a movie that looks beneath an hour and a day looks like a catastrophe waiting to happen. But you know, the movie is not half bad and it even saves a lot of what makes the book so resonant for readers. I heard many movie lovers complain that Leslie Howard wet the head of the actor, and he was, but I can not remember that any person is more suitable to play the role of Philip Carrey than wet pasta, because It's certainly what Carey is. Howard plays him well, which means that you want to shake him and hit him with his head many times, then get him out and buy his spine. Ah, and then there's Bette, like the girl with whom Carey is obsessed and which brings his world to crash around him. I did not know what, unfortunately, Mildred's request in the book, and the film remains faithful to this detail. But, as Davis has played, she has become the most fascinating figure in the story, and if she is nasty and unpleasant, she is at least the most dynamic person on the screen at any time. Davis's performance was credited with changing the acting course, just as Brando would do almost 20 years later when he screamed "Stella !!" in that little-known Tennesee Villiams, and it's not hard to see why. Davis is intense to terrible. She does not invest the effort to overpower the audience, and allows herself to look ugly and stupid. Her appearance when Kerry came in late in the movie to find her dead or almost dead unnamed disease (although she does not care much about concealing the fact that it is STD) is shocking. Of course, this helps to seal this film immediately before the Code of Conduct comes into force; If it's made a year later, you can bet to make things a little different. Yes, much of the novel, and many of his most interesting pieces, remained on the floor of the room for cutting, and the story really became about Carey and Mildred, not much more. I discovered that this is the most interesting and interesting part of Maugham's novel, but that's the part that gives the novel the title and it seems that the readers still draw on it, so it seems like a wise decision about the part of the filmmakers who chose to adjust it a novel the way they are. Rating: B +
