Reading the website about Bette Davis, there can be examples where authors claim that there is nothing special about her acting work. I even found a site that claimed that the success of Bette Davis was probably due to her happiness. But Davis's 1934 movies speak quite the opposite. The most obvious example is the two films that only worked for a few weeks, except for the Fog of Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters that she played in these films, although both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the former is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous successor and a much more sympathetic figure than Mildred in this other, which is a pale, uneducated and rampant waitress Kokni. Needless to say, Ms. Davis played both characters very authentically and with the same enthusiasm. But that's not all. The thing is that the former role, which most actors would want that day, was the one she was forced to play. The latter role, which seemed to the majority of actresses as undesirable, the role that destroys career, was the one she fought wildly for months. And this other role has just launched it among the greatest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. The film, which talks about medicine student Phillipu Carey (Leslie Howard) who accidentally falls in Cockney's waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has several weekly points, but much stronger. The story is simply too big to apologize in only 83 minutes. For example, it's completely unclear why a sophisticated student has ever found an interest in a ravenous waitress. Well, there is one scene in which we are impressed by Mrs. Davis with enchanting eyes, but that's when his emotions have already evolved completely. Nevertheless, the integrity of the story is preserved by the superior acting of Howard and Davis, as well as fantastic Steiner's music that speaks a ton of emotions even when we do not see faces of characters. In fact, the film is united with Phillip's walking sequences that portray it from the back, complemented by a trembling two-handed repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Mak Steiner has written a wonderful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is constantly used through the film. And the beautiful scene in which we see Sallino's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've seen just because of the beauty that takes away the breath of Francis Dee (Ms. Dee, she was considered, was beautiful to play the main role in the Gone with the wind) as well as Steiner - this amazing music. Camera movements between some of the scenes are also genuine and refreshing. But my strongest objection is that the events are presented too much two-dimensional, which encourages the viewer that Mildred is the ultimate slut. The most indecisive characters should be men who are attracted to the relationship, despite knowing that they will leave after using it, but they curiously end up being shown as cute characters. After all, Mildred always - in her specific, yet honest way - allowed Phillip to know that she was despised and had no interest in him. What only refuses to hear. Phillips's masochistic nature is associated with his club footsteps and infantile experiences, which is the main reason for his love affair. He is enslaved to his club footage just like Mildred and may have to be released from both of them to start a normal life. Of course, the selfish and ruthless Mildred, after discovering voluntary Phillip's attachment to her, did his part to make his life hell. Even if we consider that it exploded after she realized that slavery was abandoned, it is less clear why Phillip's money would be burned (Maugham had intended in his novel differently). After all, she could steal and drink gallons of champagne. For modern standards, the movie is a bit obsolete, but every next time you watch it, you can discover new interesting details for superior quality. acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible rating.
