In this adaptation of the novel Somerset Maugham of 1934, Bette Davis was placed on the map as a film actress. Maybe she won the Oscar for her performance, but the films were made on a loan so that her studio did not insist on it. Her acting in this does not meet today's standards. As a heartless waitress who shakes Philip, a sensitive medical student, and almost destroys his life, Davis is too pervasive, almost demonic. The director John Cromwell, who usually took good performances from his actors, may have been overwhelmed by this. Davis is surely visible, but so sharp and grave that it looks like it's human. I imagine the figure of Millie as a quieter, less feminine than Davis, with perhaps one touch of the Muscovites. Davis is such a strong, direct presence that there is no mysterious air for her, which makes Philip's appeal for her more openly masochistic than it should be. Like Philip, Leslie Howard is great. His pale, slightly shaken good looks are perfect for this failed aesthetic. He does not impose a personal interpretation in the work, as could, for example, be done by Dirk Bogarda, which makes his work rarely clarity. It seems that he has completely controlled here, as it should, to play a man with a rational intellect that is in the face of irrational emotions that he can not manage or even fully satisfies, because the object of his feelings moves him in ways he can not understands. Howard was a good actor, too often thrown into the standard romantic parts that forced him to return to the charm that he did not use here. It has been so long since I read the book, I do not feel comfortable commenting on the loyalty of the film. I think that it is good enough to follow the spirit of the story and that in Hovarada the perfect Philip Carey. Sexual infections are muted, and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistic that in the absence of strong sexual feelings someone is asking about common sense, certainly not about Mr. Maugham's intent. Thanks to Hovard's performance, Philip remains firmly in focus, as can be seen in his various responses and longing for Millie, the extremes that a rational intellect will go to comprehend irrational, within and in others. All in all, a very good movie, somewhat stiff, considering the years, is beautifully appealing to London and is well-behaved.
