Electricity performance Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to remember other toys. They were perfect in their parts as Davis was in her - they just did not have much work to do. Some of the reviewers thought that the book was much better - it was just that the film should be published, so that a book of 600 pages would be reduced to 83 minutes, which is no sign of it. The first part of the book did not reach the screen - he talked about Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip went to try to be a good artist. He also records the first romance - with Fannie Price, who kills himself when he realizes that Phillip can not restore her feelings of love. It's a beautiful book, but it's unusual, and I think that anyone who does not think too much about a movie needs to read the book and understand how good the movie is. After he realized that he would ever be a central painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) is returning to England in the hope of taking the medicine. When she comes out in tea, she sees a gloomy waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although not interested in him and treating him as dirt, Philip is obsessed. It's hard to watch his efforts in an attempt to find any kind of courtesy in this wicked robbery. In one scene, she promises to meet him in the second-class railway waiting room, when they almost do not let each other go, she angers him with "why should I wait in the second class room when the first class is available." You just want to shake him. He is only pleased when he tells him that he will marry another man, a rough salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred in the picture, he introduces Nora (Kai Johnson) to a beautiful woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She is joked about the popularity of books among the servants (in a novel, she saw Mildred reading them.) Nora gives Philip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is not able to regain his love. When Mildred returns (Miller has not married her and she has a baby), of course, she takes care of her and helps her with the baby (in the film being treated as an object - always called a "baby", never a name or a half) - she returns him to escape with his best friend. At the hospital he meets Salli Athelny (Frances Dee) who visits his sick father. She begins to visit her home and for the first time in her life she gets a family feeling. Then a surprise! surprise! Mildred returns like a bad penny and a surprise! Philip's running in. But, he has changed and he feels only disgust when he tries to show gratitude in the only way he knows it. Then one of the fiercest, verbal battles on the movie with phrases such as "you cad, dirty pig" followed, "I just kissed you because you prayed me" and "when you left I wiped my mouth, I wiped my mouth" !!! There are many Mildred's phrases in the book, such as "You are the gentleman in every sense of the word," "Do not mind," and "Lord High and Power" associated with prostitutes, and when Phillip is lucky to hit him for the first time. The end of the film shows that Phillip (really free from Mildred in the only way possible) is now free to love Salli. Again in the book Salli tells Phillip to think she has a baby, but it only makes him safer in her love. This ending, such as Mildred's "illness" could not have been in the movie - even pre-coding. Kai Johnson was always invited to play a sensible, persuasive woman - she played to perfection as she was obviously sensible. Her Nora was the woman Philip was supposed to stay with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful film ingenues. Obviously she was decorated for fame with some roles that proved to be not only a nice face ("Silver Cord" and "Blood Monei"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began to fade. Her Salli did not push her talent to the limit. Obviously, Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on the shooting - he was upset that the English actress did not get a role. She used to throw lines "while reading a book from the camera". He began to wonder when the newspaper announced that "the kid ran away with the picture". High, highly recommended.
