The story is a bit stiff, which is with the sudden turn of the fortune of the protagonist, but Leslie Howard and portraits of Philip Cary, the naive obsessed lover and Bette Davis, Mildred Rogers, an unworthy object of his feelings, raise this film well above the standard melodrama. Sensitive, cultivated Philip, who is for most of the images in bondage with his first fall, and then his pity for Mildred unlike the character of Howard who will play a few years later - Ashlee Vilkes, a Southwestern gentleman sophisticated and decent to do it in a grueling era of reconstruction. In fact, Philip seems resigned from disappointment even before Mildred entered the picture - it does not even seem particularly surprising when his art teacher tells him that he will never succeed as a painter. This may be this passivity, these downsized expectations made him deal with the selfless waitress Cockney as long as he does. Although Leslie Howard is remembered, today "Of Human Bondage" is generally thought of as a picture by Bette Davis, perhaps due to the famous story of having to fight Jack Varner to get the role of Mildred, and maybe because the movie audience loves the characters more with their type of energetic energy. Mildred may have a loud voice, but she also has the ethereal beauty of the angelic vitreous, which makes it somewhat understandable why Philip allowed him to follow him while he did it. Although a man who eats Mildred can sometimes look one-dimensional, she from time to time provokes the sympathies of the viewer, as when she gets sick and is late to realize that Philip is the only decent man who has ever been caring for her. One might think that he is on something when he accuses Philip that he is not looking good enough. (The scene in which Filip and Nora reject magazines about romantics as a garbage dump, seem to confirm this). Most supportive characters are also effective, especially Nora, a sensible writer of romance that loves Philip, but she knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally who has Mildred's beauty and Norah's power and appears as a merit the woman with whom Philip was awarded. The only character I found was Sallin's eccentric, ale who spat on an aristocratic father who looks like an old person from an earlier age. Classic who deserves a reputation.
