This film is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. That's the woman the men are attracted to. Not because she is a beautiful and beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual entity. Now the film does not go out and says it, but it's obvious. There is a scene in a movie in which all men look at her. She works as a waitress in a café, she can not read, and she is not actually anyone to look at, but she is flirting. Obviously, male clients in that cafe are there for her. One day, Phillip came into the club to get a good word for his friend, but he becomes obsessed with the moment he sees it. He begins to buy things even to pay for his apartment. In the meantime she sees with other people and does not make secrets about it. She dreams of her as if she were an angel, but she was not an angel. She's constantly thinking about her. The grades at his medical school are even unsuccessful. So, what is a nookie too good. She wants to marry, but she refuses to marry her for the other. He always allows Phil that really does not have any love for him all the time. His heart is broken, but he meets another woman. They look good, but it's obvious that she still dreams of Bimbo. Mildred returns with a baby and she is alone. Phillip received it again, but she begins to go out with her friend, the light bulb gets a little hot and he's kicked out. She does what she knows to do and tries to seduce him, but she does not work and continues to burn her money. Oh, we have a club foot about which he has problems, although his street teenager, who has the same problem, says he is clarified. She meets another girl named Salli, and we have a March timer that shows her aging, while he's still waiting for Mildred to wait. No tuition, can not find a job. Finally, Salli and her father are taken inside. Soon his uncle who raised him dies and he gets the money to become a doctor. In the meantime, he believes Mildred needs it again. There is TB. In the meantime, he continues to lead Salli down the road to Primrose, and he takes the job in the steamer. Finally, bimbo dies and Phillip declares that he is now free and will marry Salli. I wish he'd told him to fill him up. Now I know that my understanding of the characters will not give me any points. But I feel that Philip was a bad guy. Yes, Mildred is a strumpet, but he knows that and he is constantly coming back. So while there are two other friends who love him, but he is treated as an appetizer. I do not think sex was so good. But in any case he drinks those women who are waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but also the man who killed Mildred is already married and when Filip asks what he intends to do about the baby (apparently the name of the child) he laughs, he does not intend to support her and the baby, and he is rich. Salin's father, who has nine children, says some pretty nasty things about women, but he is said to be an old traditionalist. Apparently Philip does not deny his feelings. Men use Mildred as Boi Toi, but men in this film come out as unharmed. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from a villain. For me, Philip was the one who had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
