I accidentally love Leslie Howard, in his better films. Nevertheless, for some reason, his performance in HAPPY SATISFACTION never made me go. The first time I saw a film at a college in school in 1972, and a college review reviewer commented that Howard played roles in the 1930s and 1940s, which was later picked up by Dirk Bogard as a man who was born to be betrayed. This is usually not the case (on the side I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who could be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were to be subject to Margaret Mitchell - but Ashlei loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could have played any type, and role as RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins was not the one that was issued. * * It can be said that Philip Armstrong Scott, issued by the two foreigners, shows hospitality in the 49th parallel, but they are the Nazis who consider him - a liberal, Western, Canadian-fair game to double a cross in the war. It's not the same as an emotional betrayal, and Howard does not diminish as a result, but he faces the Nazis and catches one after hitting him.) I think the reviewer thought that Hovard He could be mentally - or try to be mentally. The witness of his poet - a dreamer - a stroller at PETRIFIED FORREST. But this figure was not released, except perhaps history (as he thinks his type is outdated as a gangster played by Humphrei Bogart). The character of Philip Carei in Somerset Maugham THE HUMAN BONDAGE is also mute. He is sensitive for several reasons. He is interested in art and trying to become a painter - but unlike Strikland's artist in the MONTH AND THE sixth, he has no real talent. He decided to concentrate on medical studies, emphasized by the condition of the club's foot. Here is a man with a low self-esteem set to be betrayed. Philip finds this edition in the form of a Mildred coker waitress (Bette Davis) who is a mercenary and selfish as they come. Why Philip falls for her, in fact, the film does not pay attention, but the woman is fascinating. And finds him a nice ticket for a meal. Ironically, because this chuckle is fascinated by him, Philip does not notice the other two women who are interested in him (Kai Johnson and Frances Dee), and are more capable of being a partner. He also constantly finds himself to forgive Davis when he has links with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denney - another who is a friend of Howard). Although Howard's performance records Philip's tendency toward Mildred, he does not really show enough passion (until late in the movie, when he turns). So I feel that I have never been worried about his performance - they lack reality. His later tortured insistence at GONE VITH THE VIND that he loved Olivia De Haviland, and not Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man in love. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes the movie important. Until 1934, she had a wide range of parts, such as a girlfriend of a deaf pianist in a man who played a ghost or a spoiled successor who was killed in a FOG in FRISCO or a secretary in TRI TO MATCH. As Mildred finally showed she could be the main actress playing a selfish bitch. It is interesting that its performance was not just one note. Although he uses and misuses Howard for two-thirds of the film, culminating in this famous scene in which she revealed that she had been deterred by his kissing from her, her last scene shows that she could be broken up due to health deterioration and inability to retain her. Any honest business. When Howard rejects, viewers do not notice how equally evil he is (asks what happened to her baby - she tells him that the baby died, and Howard boldly says that he is happy, which is hardly the answer he expects). In the end, Howard finally brings his life into line, but Mildred ends the victim (ironically her death was discovered by her old boyfriend Denny on a medical call). The Film Academy of Arts and Science failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest campaign for writing in her history and permanent changes in her rules), but Davis was founded as a star. In a year, she won the Oscar as Joice Heth at DANGEROUS. And in two years she again acted with Howard (as an equal star) at PETRIFIED FORREST.
