Bette Davis's cocktail accent in this movie is absolutely horrible. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not understand this, and that's fine; but believe me, it's roughly half as good as Dick Van Dike's cocktail at Mari Poppins, and that was a real burden on the old pony (it entered the London language - a lot of apology). The extraordinary thing for me is that strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not diminish the power of movies. Human attachment is a fascinating part of the film despite its superficial defects. It also has to be looked at in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at that time have to be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell is doing a very good job by directing the camera and allowing the narrative to develop kinematically, and not exclusively through artistic behavior and stiff dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station. It's beautifully conceived, captured and mounted. Pay attention to the crisp recordings of Mildred extended towards the end of the film; owe more to the early days of creating an artistic film than to the disinfected, formulaic world of the study that was supposed to dominate. The film's themes are universally known and convincing: sexual obsession, unrequited love, despise passion, self-contempt, manipulative relationships, social divisions and youthful craziness. Although the dialogue is often quite hacked, the difficult task of displaying these themes and the inner life of the characters is well resolved, but in a low-key way. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are unpleasant to watch, but the story does not go down into the cliché; We are aware that the characters (even the toxic Mildred) and the victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of the feelings of each other, as well as intentional selfishness. While the naive in style of the story reaches the complex heart of human condition and the manner of acting of acting and occasional lattice exchanges do not diminish the truth of work. Human relationships were one of the films that Beti Davis spotted in Hollywood and while watching it, you are aware that you are witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and screened charisma (no one turned away or despised as Mrs. Davis) attracted your attention from the first impression. While her definitely unforgettable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also great as a sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good combination, though, why did not she help her with that terrible, terrible accent !?
