Coming shortly before enforcing the Code of Ethics, he darkened the ghosts of writers, directors and actors, the first film adaptation of V. Somerset Maugham's "Of Human Bondage" has raised countless movie viewers. Today there is no shocking value, just fine acting. While the acting cast is excellent, this is the first major role Bette Davis and one of the best performances by Leslie Howard. Howard is the English winner of the Parisian artist Philippe Carey, who gently and firmly said that he lacked talent and that his dedication was not a substitute for true genius. By taking a lesson in his heart, he returns to London and enrolls in a medical college (one, by the way, no students - at least it would be at least a bit at that time. Perhaps the author / doctor Maugham is not Tea when one day, Carey is thrilled by the waitress , Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis in the role of a morally loose and essentially wicked farrage, her Cockney accent is sharp as Eliza Dulitl. His unceasing attempts to get out with her are welcomed with a less enthusiastic response: "I do not mind", a sure sign for either a man with a head on his head that he was running a dub No. Maugham's Mildred supplemented the waitress's advice with some old-fashioned street walking, something that is not clearly shown here. Carey's obsessed service serves Rogers's greedy need for financial support. He is desperately in love with her - he plays him as an organist a Sunday church that pumps its instrument without any effort, and there is no sex here Recognizing that no one is coming, she starts a relationship with Norah, the woman who adores him. Re-enter Mildred, full of babies, and in her usual need to take care of her. Get out of the heart of Norah. The second departure from Mildred and Carey begins a long-term friendship with Salli, with the enthusiasm of her father who seems to be able to experience a marriage as a good thing for two young people and the opportunity to free one of his nine offspring. Film is reasonable, but not fully followed by Maugham's excellent novel. Howard Carey is naïve and vulnerable, and for most of his movie, his sad eyes remind of the deer with a double rifle. Mildred is unscrupulous evil, the user of the worst kind, the only preoccupation with her own needs is barely disguised when she tries to show Carey with a thin patina of kind words (and the offer - at one point promises to do "anything" he wants, "a shady statement of time and one in which I am sure the audience has fully understood. Pre-Code this can be, but Mildred's quick march dissolution would satisfy the Catholic League's League.Conclusion is a conventional-sinful loss, a principled triumph of behavior. < br /> Director Jo n Cromvell performed great performances from his two main stars, one well-founded, others established mainly for this film. London and the journey to the past are worth taking. Available on DVD. 9/10 (for Davis and Howard's performances)
