Every movie that Bette Davis plays is a worthwhile experience. Before Davis acted with Leslie Howard in "Human Slavery," she was in more than movies. The legend says that Davis 'robbed' Oscar from 1935 for her performance as a waitress talking about cocktails, an unmarried mother and manipulative boyfriend, Mildred Rogers. The story says that AFI comforted Davis by awarding her first Oscar for Joice Heath in "Dangerous". I suppose Davis's fans of The Human Bondage, who agree with the Oscar legend, as opposed to the 1934 film for which AFI did not award its performance and the 1936 movie "Dangerous". for which she won her first Oscar in 1937. I tried to look at all Bette Davis films, TV interviews, videos, commercials for VVII and TV shows in popular series. Looking back, it is easy to recognize why this film "Of Human Bondage" gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for his performance. She was only 25 years old when the film was over and it was just supposed to get to the red carpet of Hollivood. The public began to notice Bette Davis as a star for her performance in The Human Bondage. That's what makes it legendary. But RKO saw her size in the film "The Man Who Has Done God," and he borrowed from Varners to play Rogers. I'm going with AFI, looking back, about 41 years after the Determined Decision to give Davis his first best actress for the "Dangerous" Oscar, 2 years later. In this way, AFI may have been an instrument in finding the best in one of the most talented Hollywood actors of the 20th century. Because, from "Human attachment," further, Davis knew with certainty that he had to penetrate deeply into himself to find the performances that brought her a golden statue. Undoubtedly, she earned more than 2 Oscars; maybe even up to 6. "Dangerous" gives an example of the contrast in Davis's depth of acting characterization. For, it is in "Dangerous" (1936) that she becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century. Davis is as good as Joice Heath, dead on a red carpet. While in "Of Human Bondage," Davis is on the verge, still on the sidewalk and ready to take the rest of his 60-year acting career. Perhaps not awarding her the legendary Oscar in 1935, instead of giving birth to a star, the actor was given the incentive to achieve fame in her soul for the greatest work of the talented actor. a star whose performances still do not differ from Davis. Even Anna Nicole Smith was a 'star'. Hovard Stern is a radio star. Many people on the stage and the silver screen are the stars. He was a little bit a great actor. The key difference between them is something Bette Davis could feel: the difference between the desire to act or to become a star. Try to compare these two films as I am, watching one immediately after that. the second. You may recognize what AFI and I have done. Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century to 25o and achieved his goal when she was 27 years old. She spent her next 50 or more years setting such a high bar that she was not reached. . . Had AFI sent a message to "The Human Bondage", "Davis's life history as a great actor might have been brought to the star-domain instead.
