Return to 36. The Chamber is one of those classic Kung-Fu films that Shaw produces in the 1970s and 1980s, whose genre is equivalent to Hollywood's spaghetti westerns, and protagonist Gordon Liu, fellow Western Clint Eastwood. A digitally reconstructed and new press made for Fantastic Film Fest, this is "Presented in Shav Scope", just like good old times. This film is a simple story of goodness against evil, told in 3 works, which more or less summarize the story of martial arts films in that period. The first rank sets the premise. Workers at a painting factory in a small village are dissatisfied with their party, with their wages being reduced by 20% by the Mango gangsters. They can not do much in their exploitation, as none of them have the skills of martial arts to take over the gangsters and their boss. At first, they had little success in presenting Liu to a highly qualified monk Shaolin (one of the best comedy sequences), but their discovery was revealed when they pushed the limits of credibility by mimicking too many times. <Act 2 shows that the protagonist wants to return to the mafia. However, without real martial arts, he moves to the Shaolin Temple to try to infiltrate and skillfully learn martial arts. After a few moments of waterfall, he was finally accepted by the abbot (whom he imitated!), But he was disappointed with teaching methods - somehow like style g. . Nothing can hold a good man down, and he unconsciously builds strength, endurance, and teaches kung fu in an unusual way. The third step is where the fight begins. With raw sound effects, any apparent contactless film gets maximum impact treatment. But this is a rather refreshing view of the fighting scene here, with wide angles of images that emphasize clarity and detail between sparring partners, and the use of slow motion just to show acrobatics at different angles. The speed of the fight can be too slow, with a pause between strokes, but with Iuen Vo Ping and his style of using ad-nausea in Hollywood movies, they certainly do not make a scene of fighting like they used to be! The return to the 36th chamber is repeated on Monday, so if you play for a nostalgic ride down the memory, what are you waiting for?
