** SPOILER ALERT ** V. Somerset Maugham classic in a movie about the love of an obsessed young man who was abused was hurt and humiliated by the subject of his obsession to the extent that he loses everything he has only to find true love in the end under the most unusual circumstances. Leslie Howard plays the role of Philip Carrey, a sensitive young artist in Paris, who is trying to earn a living by selling her paintings. He told a local art expert that his work was not good enough to sell to an artistic audience. Philip decides to return to his native England and study medicine and becomes a doctor to help others. Filip is born with the club's legs very sensitive to his unpleasant conditions and compensates for it by being very pleasant and friendly. One afternoon Philip is in a local café with a fellow student of medicine and sees pretty waitress Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis and immediately falls in love with her. Mildred initially rejected Philip, who was ill with love, but later realized what kind of juice he was taking advantage of his feelings toward her. Mildred spent it in poverty and bought presents and took her to the theater every time she was away from work. Flip also lags behind in studies by paying great attention to Mildredu, a medical university, and does not finish her final exams. In search of a hand to buy a engagement ring for Mildred in an attempt to claim her hand in marriage, cold-blooded Mildred tells astonished Philip that she is already faithful to marry Emile Miller, Alan Hale. It turns out that he is one of the buyers in the café with which she always flirts. Philip broke and the sick heart slowly regains his life and later re-examines the medical examination and passes it, and at the same time finds a new love in Nora, Fai Johnson, a writer for a local love magazine. Later to Philip's shock and surprise, Mildred returns to his life. Mildred told Philip that her husband Emil, who carried the kid he was carrying, threw out of the house, had the kindness and understanding that Philip was returning to Nore who was very in love with him. Later, it turned out that Mildred was not married to Emile, but she had a child out of wedlock by having an unlawful relationship with him! It turned out that Emil was already married. As before, Mildred uses Philip's kind heart for her and her baby, where she supports them with medical care and food shelter, to the point where she is broken again and can not continue her studies by ending with her leaving Philip; after a very fierce and emotional encounter with him. On the streets, where nowhere to go, Philip took Mr. Atanly, Reginald Ovens, whom he once treated in a hospital and fell in love with his daughter, Salli, Frances Dee. Later, Philip had a rectangular club leg in the medical center and with the help of Mr. Athenly returns to the doctor's position. Then she meets again with Mildred, which is really at the end of her rope. Dying of tuberculosis and losing her daughter, she is concerned with her alone. Philip now works well and respects in medical circles doing all he can to help the sick and poor Mildred, but eventually succumbed to his illness and dies. Mildred had love and loyalty to Philip. All these years that he was in love with her, but he chose to abuse him and to have a relationship with a man who was like her, coldly insensitive and selfish. In the end, Mildred returned exactly what she gave to a kind and sensitive Philip: She became unloved and alone. Philip found in the sweet and caring Salli everything Mildred was and eventually found the true love he had been looking for all his life.
