I thought this would be a continuation of the original "36th Chaolin Chamber," but in fact it is more "easy" to the original. Gordon Liu continues to act as a potential hero in the quest to learn kung fu to beat those boring Manchus ... The film is lighter and more comic.The film revolves around a local dyeing mill, where wages are reduced due to the employment of 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao", who is able to fool the bosses of the mills thinking that he is a monk with almost magical kung fu skill. But his luck is highlighted, he is exposed as a fraud, and he promises to the mill workers to go to Shaolin Monastery to learn kung fu, and return to protect them. The comedy really begins in the monastery where Chao makes several attempts to accept. This sets up a lot of really funny moments and a lot of choreography of the struggle. In the tradition of "36. chambers "we see all kinds of neat and interesting (and extremely hockey) training methods in the monastery, as well as the creative use of wooden benches as weapons. The unique and special mixing of kung fu and bamboo crafts. was not accepted as a student in Shaolin, but was built to build bamboo scaffolding for the "10-year restoration" of the monastery. On DVD I purchased there is a special bamboo scaffolding and inspiration drawn by director Lau Kar-Leung from This is a craft of hundreds (perhaps thousands) years old, and in Hong Kong the scaffolding is still built Bamboo even at high altitudes, although the West exclusively uses steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his work on the scaffolds, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked by him what kind of species he is, he hilariously responds to "skela kung fu !! ", which was first tested during dusting with monastic abrasion.In the final conflict with Manchus, there is a great variety of creative uses for bamboo poles and ties. From the perspective of comedy, I think it's one of the best kung fu genre. As a kung fu movie in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to everyone!
