After 21 films and three years in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally took on the role she claimed to be her, and she put it as a force to be counted on. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis left the totally inconceivable role of a whore, which became a target of Leslie Howard's inclination, and already eager to get her teeth like this one, she did not bother about the terrible things her character meant. during the entire film and the terrible transformation you would suffer. It is also widely observed that her performance here, one of the few things that make this movie unusual for watching, was the one who remembers even after two remake and the scenes she entered into Howard made the history of the film. > Approximately 85 minutes of the story is moving at a good pace, talking about Philip Carey (Howard) while his life passes through destructive Mildred Rogers over and over again. Howard and Davis' chemistry almost do not exist - Davis was much later in life in the interview, but she personally did not care for Howard's glacier for her, which helped her to act even worse (by character ) towards him like Mildred. Nevertheless, they both look awkwardly with each other; their scenes together remain stiff, only saved by the heavy acidity that Davis brings to her lines and her own nervous presence. Then again, Cromwell's direction has some stiffness in itself that can not pass through time - he tries to fill some space (whenever Davis is not there) with solvents and assemblies that indicate the passing of time (the calendar that overlaps with the change of time) Frances Dee. Then everything was in style. That was before the technical and complicated camera angles were created, and the essential, visual story is simplified, a bare essential translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which speaks a lot, because on 600 pages, Of Human Bondage, it would have been really hard for then record. Storivise, it seems that Philip Carey may be something like a punishment whore, because there is no visible, sexual attraction between him and Mildred, and that we agree, Mildred never hides his dissatisfaction from the very beginning. It seems that Hovard's performance does not go through many external emotions - his eyes are always sad, his expression never goes far beyond the lost (he could almost have been a distant relative of Villyama Hurto in the "Random Tourist" - depressed, injured, and absolutely passive) but this is probably part of his character and the reason he does not see that other women (played by Kai Johnson and Frances Dee) make themselves vulnerable to unrelieved feelings. Interestingly, Johnson's Nora, when she realizes that Carey will never fall to her, is the one that summarizes the story with her observation that people are tied to other people - she is tied to Carey while Carey is tied to Mildred, and Mildred himself related to Miller (or men who fit the role of the provider). In her short but memorable scene, she is the one who holds the essence of moral story.
