Well, here's another great example of the awkward filming of the 70s movie! The basic premise "What about Helen?" is rather shocking and disturbing, but presented in such a fashionable and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other film crew, this would definitely become a fatal and persistent story of exploitation, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Who killed Aunt Roo?") And scriptwriter Henri Farrell ("Hush? Sveet Charlotte").) in charge, has become a beautiful and almost enchanting mix of themes and genres. The basic action of the movie is definitely terrible, but there are still many to experience, such as love stories, a swinging atmosphere from the 1930s and lots of singing and tap-dance! The setting is undoubtedly what makes this film so unique. We literally are a catapult After the long and exhausting trial sentenced by their sons to life imprisonment for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reinolds) and Helen (Shelley Vinters) escaped to the streets of New York in 1930s, after a long and exhausting trial of music, religion, theater, and wardrobe. California, and are trying to start a new life as a leading dance school for a young talented girl. Adela adapts perfectly to the new environment while falling in love with the local millionaire, but the poor old Helen continues to sink in a spiral line of madness and paranoia. She merely listens to the radio-evangelist's vote, feared she would be punished for the crimes committed by her son and slowly develops violent tendencies. The script, although not completely disadvantageous, is well written and the film is timely. It's never a boring moment in "What's with Helen", although singing, tap-dance and tango sequences have been fairly extended and are no longer associated with a real complication. But the atmosphere is incessantly evil, and the film definitely benefits from the great acting of Shelley Vinters. She's really scary as an unpredictable and introvert lady who is about to break for any second and, especially for the last ten minutes, looks more disgusting than all Freddie Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Miers together! There are some great signs of support that, unfortunately, are little underdeveloped and looted from their potential, such as Micheal MacLiammoir as a confident pronunciation teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a dashing priestess and Timothy Carey as an intrusive visitor to a woman's home. There are a few surprisingly freakish scenes and moments of true shock to enjoy the Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but especially set and costume designs (even nominated for the Oscar!) They're breathing out.
