Some of the details in the background of this story are based, very, very loose, on real events from the era in which this is raised. The story combines some details of the famous Leopold and Loeb case, as well as a part of Aimee Semple McPherson. The story begins with the two mothers (Shellei Vinters and Debbie Reinolds) persecuted while leaving the courtroom. It seems that most people are intent on inflicting physical injuries while their sons have just been convicted of an abominable crime. One person in the crowd apparently shaves the Winters arm as they arrive at the waiting car. Shortly after they arrive home, they begin to receive threatening phone calls, so Reinolds suggests they both move to the West. Coast together and open a dance school. School of Dance is a success and they care for incredibly disgusting parents who think their child is the next Shirlei Temple. One of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is rather hit by Reinolds and begins to have fun. Life is very good. But when threatening phone calls begin again, Vinters reacts by turning - it behaves as if approaching a psychotic breakdown and retreating further and further into religion - listening to the Sister Alma Radio almost constantly. Again and again, you see Vinters on the edge and eventually culminate in very bad things !! I will not say more, because this could ruin this tense and interesting movie. In many ways this film is similar to the films of horror Bette Davis and Joan Cravford from the 1960s such as "Whatever Happened" Babi Jane, Straight-Jacket and The Nanni. Although none of them is an intellectual offer, at the level of kitsch, they are extremely fun and entertaining. Writing is very good and there are some nice turnovers in the end that make it all very exciting. Vinters is brilliant as a fragile and crazy woman, and Reinolds plays one of the most sexiest 39-year-olds I've ever seen-plus she really can really dance. My only concern about this is that some might find Vinters' hyper-religiousness in the movie a bit embarrassing-like a cheap attack on Christianity. At first I felt so, but when you meet with Almighty, she looks sincerely and not ridiculed, and I took Vinters' religious zeal as a sign of folly - which, I suppose, was everything that was intended. /> By the way, this film is packaged together with "Vhoever Slev Aunt Roo?" - Another Shellei Vinters horror movie from 1971. Both are great fun ... and pretty over-the-top!
