The bizarre of cinematic sub-genres is so-called. "Big Ladies of the Great Guignol": Horror films in the campus combining an overwhelming melody with Gothic excitement and always excited by the experienced and almost forgotten actors from the Hollywood Golden Age in the insatiable roles of long-suffering victims or the screaming of evil harpies. This genre gave them an unusual acting show that once again allowed them to put things on the screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images since yesterday. "What's Helen" is the last drop of this sub-genre with stunning performances and Debbie Reinolds and Shelley Vinters as problematic mothers of two convicted criminals who escaped from their past in sunny California in the 1930s to opened a talent school so that the milk delighted mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirlei Temple. In California, Debbie gets luck, clients, tango, dance wallpaper and a new interest in love (Dennis Veaver meanwhile Shelley gets crazy with horrible flashbacks, threatening anonymous calls, threatening strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, sweet little rabbits (!) and an unhappy encounter with an electric fan (ouch!). The unsettled scenario (written by Henri Farrell, the man who started this genre with "Whatever Happened to Babi Jane" along with the main directors Robert Aldrich, Joan Cravford and Bette Davis) are full of fruits (with the characters of Debbie and Shelley as "fallen mothers" and the stout mom of a child's star) and obsessive female attachment (Debbie and Shelley's relationship and the fact that she several male characters in this movie or the evil or crazy even Denis Veaver dreaming Texans) are futile Debbie Reinolds musicals interlude and play dancing, although it's fun to watch too much time for the screen of what is supposedly a psychological cooler. Still, this movie is very funny. Curtis Harrington's two stars and styling are easily overcoming their defects. Film recreation of the thirties of the last century is colorful and elegant (see Debbie's clothes!) Made with a very small budget. A growing atmosphere of insanity and hysteria is really scary with a shocking ending that will persecute you for days. And you would not easily forget that stupid Goodi, Goodi song that goes through the movie. Seeing Shelley Vinters getting crazy, each of Debbie Reinolds's chance of happiness is a watch for watching! 8 of 10.
