Romantic comedies can really go in both directions, you know? You will see one that is really scapegoat, and you will think that you want something more realistic. Then you'll see the one that's real, but maybe it's too boring to be interested. Or you may see the one who does everything right, but he just does not make it easy for you to smile. Romantic comedies are heavy films. You go to them with a lot of expectations, and usually, whether you like it, it's just a question of whether the movies predict your expectations or she is from a guy or a girl next to you. Naturally, if you have a girl next to you, and you are a guy like me, it's probably not that important if the movie is good, you have other things in mind. For you, I say, "Go after her, Tiger!" For the rest of us, I say, "See _A Gui Thing_". It's very fun. Because _A Gui Thing_ knows that you are going to this movie with expectations, so do not pretend that his "Gui ought to marry to meet the wife of his dreams, and that's not his wife!" the plot will to make everything happy. Of course, you may like it, but maybe it does not sound true, or you think it's cruel. Gui Thing covers this. What Gui Thing does is to fill the screen with the best auxiliary band I've seen for a long time, so if you do not have the main plotline, you still have something that will make you smile. Are we talking about experienced big and small screen veterans such as Larry Miller (Beautiful Woman, Best in Shov), James Brolin (Traffic), Julie Hagerti (Airplane!), David Koechner (Saturdai Night Live and Conan) O'Brien regular, Dirty Vork, Austin Povers II) or Thomas Lennon (State and Viva Variety), or new faces like Shavn Hatosi (College), or Colin Foo (Saving Silverman), are talking about a bunch of very talented and experienced actors who know exactly how to use the features inspired by the film, stealing the show, over and over again, and still uokv they are erasing works of energy and joy rarely seen in romantic comedies these days. br> And it does not diminish the real romantic line and the stars that carry it, because it is very cute and terribly done. Jesse Lee (Mallrats, Chasing Ami, Dogma, etc.) She touches as a young professional whose life can turn to control, and Selma Blair shows an unobtrusive glow showing the tendency of a social and sophisticated career that every man wants to marry For a guy who is actually. Many film success, however, falls on Julie Stiles, the real girl in the right place at the wrong time, and is well-worn. Not since then, my God, I do not know when, did I see an actress in a romantic comedy that made her fall in love so easily. Of course, everything is in big plans, voice and subtle smiles, but it's magical, and this is one of the main reasons why we are going to the cinema. But Julie Stiles's somewhat unusual sophistication would have been lost if it was not the fact that the rest of the actors were so incredibly dead in their classic simplicity. This is a film that reflects the broken world of irreconcilable types of supplies, makes them fall over one another to make you laugh, and then comes with a lot of hearts. Gui Thing is the movie you've definitely seen before, and the film's authors clearly knew when they started. From Shakespeare we did not really see new romantic comedies; the relative success of this or that depends entirely on the execution of a classical story about a boy who meets a boy. Gui Thing accepts this with a little metacinemic edge, often taking the scene into absurdity to give the audience the opportunity to recognize powerful emotions and ancient devices for the game. For the record, she even thrives in the traditional structural perceptions of sex and gender that make up the center of any romantic comedy, so even feminists can get a kick out of it. And guys, I think we can all agree that we want our friends to be cool as friends of Jason Lee in this movie. I will not spoil it, but when you try to explain to your girlfriend why the pharmacist and clothing retailer is among the hottest types in the movie, I suggest you say "It's Gui Thing," and you're doing it.
