I think that the job with this movie is to have about 2 minutes of really, really funny moments and it makes it a very good trailer and many people came with expectations from the trailer and this time the movie does not fill the trailer. It's a bit slower and a little reluctant, and I think from the comment I see that people have a love / hate relationship with this movie. However, if you look at this movie for what it is and not what it could be due to the talent of the actors, I think it's still pretty good. Julia Stiles is obviously a star, she is so loud and indifferent to agree with everyone else, she just shines and the whole audience falls in love with her along with Lee. The rest of the actors, of course, Lee's testosterones filled with associates, his elegant mother-in-law, his friend, Jim and his young wife, make an excellent job of fitting into stereotypes of harmony and anxiety that make Stiles in the first place. Lee does not live up to his costume, I do not think, but you can look at it as something more than difficult to live. Perhaps this is one of the sources of disappointment. Sam film, despite a bit of slowness and a few jokes that are not released so funny as the writer intended, it's still pretty fun and I found a pretty intelligent movie. The themes of compliance and "taking a safe route" seemed to be smartly aligned on several layers. For example, there was a whole motive about how he would imagine scenarios, but he would never react to them until the last scene, or how he listened to a radio program on the highway that talks about how everyone agrees, or how all Selma Blair and Characters Julie Stiles said that they made the topics of one person feel safe as a safe choice, and one of them is a risky choice. Another good thing about the movie was that it was some sort of comedy in which Jason Lee had to lie his way through a movie and who through stupid luck (for example: a guy from a pharmacy turns out to he's a good cook) and some cunning on his side get out with him for the most part. > <br /> Although it was not as funny as I expected and there was little wasted talent, but overall it's still a good movie.
