I literally prepared to hate this movie, so believe me when I say that the movie is worth visiting. All in all, stories and gossips are fictional, but the film has charm and finality to pull them out. That knot in which Jason Lee thinks he has crabs and tries not to let his boss / future chef and colleagues see him scratch, is not terribly intelligent, but it turned me into a madness of laughter. Very few movie footage is high, but they were laughing at me. As I said, the movie has a charm and charm can go far. <br /> <br /> And the characters are cute. I must say that I want to see more characters of James Brolin, since he was whistling in very few scenes in which he was. serves as a barrier to the earth) total witch. The character of Selma Blair is hardly uncomfortable, and there is never a scene in which I thought: "Why did she want to marry her at all?" The end is Hollivood-ish, but it could have been much more. The players are talented. I did not have a favorable look at most of Jason Lee's mainstream work. I loved him so much in Kevin Smith's films that I could not but disappoint what I saw in these stupid roles. And it never looks comfortable in these stupid roles. Even in this film, he does not look perfectly comfortable, but he contributes with his two cents and effectively manages each scene. But I still miss his work in independent films. Julia Stiles again proves why she's so damn pretty. Of course, she is a very beautiful girl with a brilliant smile that makes me pass out, but she also has a unique charm and she seems to have a good personality. In other words, her beauty shows inside and outside. I do not know the name of the actress, but the woman who plays drunken grandmother is hilarious. Julie Hagerty also has a small part, and she is always pleased to watch, which makes me want better roles. I loved him so much in "Airplane" and "Lost in America" ​​that it's a shame that he does not get the same chance of waving his skills. Do not dispose of terrible trailers and more horrible tracks. This is a funny, charming film. Romantic comedies are now becoming so predictable that the genre itself seems to be ready to wash in the toilet, so you can always see good among all those bad apples. My score: 7 (out of 10)
