It's not such a big movie as many people believe (including my aunt, who said it was her favorite movie). But because of the better parts of this noir film, especially because of the well-known finale of the "fun home", THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI has gained a significant position above its real value as the key to the saga of the failure of Orson Wales to win Hollywood. By 1946, Velles's position as a Hollywood figure had been mixed up. CITIZEN KANE was not recognized as a big movie that had been seen since then because of the way he was attacked by Hearst Press and Hollywood insiders. Velles's attempt to fully control (directing and producing and acting) his films jeopardized the entire system. His best career at this time was like Edward Rochester at Jane Eire, allegedly shot by Robert Stevenson, but actually filmed to a large extent (with Stevenson's blessing) from Welles. But Stevenson got credit. Only STRANGER, a film that used the post-war interest in escaping Nazi war criminals, made a profit. For five years in Hollywood, this was a barely excellent record. Velles returned to Broadway in 1946, hoping to regain his critical skills by producing AROUND THE VORLD 80 DAIS. But despite the help Mike Tod and Cole Porter made, music was a failure. His failure took place at the same time as his wife, Rita Haivorth, was up against her portrait GILDA. So the marriage was on the rocks. Velles had to make money - his production at Broadway led to his personal bankruptcy. He sold his interest in possible film rights for the ROYAL WORLD to Todd (who would ultimately expose him), and he also sold the idea of ​​Henry Desire Landru's film career to Charlie Chaplin, who was supposed to be directed into (and who turned him in MONSIEUR VERDOUKS). The story goes that Velles, with $ 10,000 worth of tax, worried, called Cohna and offered to make a movie with Rita for an advance. Cohn was willing to do so, of course, he asked what the film was like. That was a wise question. Velles was on the phone at New York at the pharmacy that had a book department. He grabbed a book under the title DAMA from Shanghai and praised it as a great thriller. Velles somehow convinced normal Cohn that Velles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he would claim rights, and sent Velles his $ 10,000 payment. After Cohn lowered the phone, Velles bought the book and read it - and found that it was really pretty bad. He spent time reworking the treatments and scripts that will be built by Rita's character, Else Bannister. Surely there are strange development plans. Michael O'Hara is a sailor / sailor. She rescues Elsa Bannister, when she is apparently attacked by a gangster in San Francisco Park. Elsa is married to Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), a mutilated criminal lawyer with great reputation. She convinced him to hire Michael as a skipper for their yachts. The cruise also includes Bannister's evil partner George Grisby (Glenn Anders) and one Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia), a detective who hired Bannister to watch Elsa. When Michael and Elsa can try to find time together, Broome or Grisby continues to appear. Grisby makes Michael the offer - wants (for reasons related to his so-called fatalistic view of modern society). ) to fall out of him, pretending to be dead. According to Grisbi (this is a dark plot) he can still collect his life insurance (although he is dead?) And use him to escape to the southern sea. He will pay Michael $ 10,000.00 if he pretends to shoot Grisbi. This implies signing a document recognizing the murder (Michael does not realize that such a recognition would erase the need to produce a corpse if all other evidence suggests that Grisbi is probably dead). Of course, Grisbi was killed, and Michael was arrested for this, and for the murder of Broom (killed with Michael's pistol). Michael is on trial with Bannister who defends him and reveals that he is doing another job because he wants Michael to be convicted. Michael is convinced that Bannister is a real killer and manages to escape just before a jury trial. He is knocked out and deposited in an abandoned carnival, and this leads to the famous sequences of the "fun home" and the conclusion of the film. It's a horrible confusing movie (as I commented on). This does not mean that it does not pay off - it is visually striking. Testify the battle between Michael and the police in the judge's section, where he collapses the cops into the judge's bookshelf, breaking glass. Or a smart use of photography to capture Haivorth's diving from the rock, which reflects on the horrible Grisby binoculars. The acting is pretty good, especially Sloane (maybe the best acting film role). Glen Anders was the lead performer at Broadway. He rarely makes films in front of DAMA from Shanghai, and his slim Grisby is unforgettable. Also, Ted De Corsia very well agrees with Broome - a detective who really searches for his interests at his own expense. As for Haivorth, it turns into a show that was not like most of what she had previously (BLOOD AND SAND, TALES OF MANHATTAN, and THE STRAVBERRI BLOND are exceptions), and an unforgettable siren . Velles O'Hara is a very unusual figure for the actor - a nice but naive man who in a difficult way teaches that he does not believe in what he secretly wants to believe. It's not KANE, AMBERSOMS, OTHELLO, TOUCH OF EVIL, or CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT, but it's a good movie for all of this.
