Properly packed between STRANGER, a small film noir painting that showed that Velles could make huge budget work on the budget and in time and ironically proved his greatest success at the box office box office in the forties, and MACBETH, a non-budget Shakespeare adaptation recording in the old west by 23 days, comes DAMA FROM SHANGAI, a dark film noir woven from the same cloth from a blues myth that covers SIZE AMBERS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film that the director failed to save from the clerks of study bosses. Six years after MALTES FALCON, with the post-war movie of the movie noir in full swing, Velles, always ahead of his time, is a visionary director of enormous artistic integrity, imagined a maze of shadows that is already darker, more sinister , paranoid and serpentine than all that his contemporaries did then. No wonder the film was so mistakenly understood at the time, to the extent that one hour of recording was forever stayed in the floor of the cutting room, and it was Europe again that advocated it as another Velles classic. <br /> <br> Certain sets are determined. The aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows, and of course the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, is a classic piece of Vellesian brass as any of the CITIZEN KANE or TRIAL. The only defects I found in the movie are Velles's poor Irish accent, and perhaps some of the wrong editing in the first act. However, the story is progressively changing, which is decreasing. I believe that the highly chopped versions of Shangai and Ambersons achieve superior quality in this regard. Velles would have rolled into Europe for ten years and returned in 1958 to deliver another classic classic, a monumental TOUCH OF ZLO, perhaps the crown jewel of the movie noir that was already in its late days to that time . Shangai was not a boxing success that was the star of the Hollywood premier of the time, Rita Haivorth was supposed to be, and Velles's marriage to Haivorth was over before the film was even released. Sixty years later and one hour of shooting less, Shangai is still one of the best movie noir pictures that will likely reveal. It must certainly be counted on something.
