Despite the love of Rita Hjort, finding the last few sequences of the film intriguing and capable of appreciating some subtle "symbolic" aspects of cinema, the Lady from Shanghai did not work well for me. I had problems with most of the performance, scenarios and overall structure. And in a movie that mostly people talk in different situations, that's a pretty problem. The lady from Shanghai for me ended up on a very low "C", or on the 7th. The lady from Shanghai is actually all about Orson Welles' face, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Haivorth) in Central Park driving a carriage and hitting her. Later she is rescued from robbery and she shines with glow. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland, and Elsa owns a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a well-known and powerful defense attorney for California. They tell O'Hara to work for them, despite his original reservations - it seems to the public, that Elsa only looks for someone with an affair, and O'Hara does not want to get involved. Shortly after going to work on their yacht, a strange man, Glenn Anders, who says Arthur's partner, appears in the dock and begins to cause trouble. In the end, Grisby begs O'Hara to enter a very suspicious and dangerous scheme. Foolishly, O'Hara agrees. Of course, it brings him into trouble, and in the end, many mysteries are revealed. Perhaps my problems with the film are that I am not really a great fan of Orson Welles so far, and here, he produces, writes, directs and spends most of the time on the screen. I have not seen it before most of Welles's works, but later I loved his later films, when he became a bit more camping and performance art. I love F for Fake (Verites et mensonges, 1974), for example, and I even like his appearance in Casino Roiale (1967), when he bizarre insisted he was allowed to do magic tricks on the baccarat table, but Citizen Kane (1941) never did much for me, despite giving him 3 or 4 chances over the years (including a year ago, my rating was low 7 - the same as my current score for The Ladi from Shanghai). Velles's performance and the dialogue he wrote for himself encountered me as pretentious. He is a bit motormouth, somewhat rude and somewhat monotonous - he has a tendency to sound like he reads. His performance reminded me of what I saw about the Velles version of Mobi Dick (mentioned on IMDb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, can also be seen in Orson Velles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to read camera and believes it is inherently, sublime dramatic. I am also someone who almost never complains about accents, but somehow Velles manages to sound his Irish accent pretentiously for me. As for other shows, I can only say that I thought Haivorth had done a great job. Of course it's beautiful, which does not hurt. There are many sweets here. Like Velles, Sloane also seemed a little bit affected and pretentious - I've never really bought his character, his handicap, and so on, and Anders is simply bizarre where it looks unusually bizarre. Velles often shoots him in close-up, and Anders almost always has an overly exaggerated, manic expression on his sweaty face. Structurally, Our Lady of Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes are very mild and soap operatives, although in soap operas it usually comes from a curly hair. Once Grisbi presents his scheme, things rise slightly and generally improve when we come to an end. But by the time the Lady from Shanghai becomes a film about crime / mystery, it's too late, and quickly turns into a drama of a courtroom before a sudden, exciting ending that comes almost out of nowhere and is too fast for her cousin excellence. The ending is more action-oriented, more difficult, less dialogical, more diverse and more exotic in the settings, and sometimes quite abstract. Velles skillfully manages this combination of material as a director. That Lady of Shanghai was largely a combination of things of crime / mystery and artistic ending, could easily be at least 9. The last scenes are easy ten, as Wales moves from Hitchcock's tension in the scene. The Chinese opera of San Francisco on another scene in the Chinese amusement park. The highlight of entertainment is using cinema that was experimental for its time. It is well integrated with the script, because it provides a complex resolution and encourages a lot of symbols. Cinema is interesting, even if it usually does not compensate for problems in the foreground. Velles skillfully blocks the scene. There are many attractive shots, from Central Park to Acapulco to various locations in San Francisco. Velles effectively creates symbolic backgrounds for its action, from acclaimed altitudes and steep drops of Acapulco to the Caribbean streets-like the labyrinths, nicely framed and crafted images of the Aquarium in San Francisco, and so on. The romantic material for which the Aquarium serves as a single background is interestingly mitigated with some kind of discomfort during the film, but on the other hand, it makes romance never quite rude as a romantic. Securely serious Vellesa fans will appreciate Lada from Shanghai much more than I am, and of course it's worth watching if you love Rita Haivorth. Miss Shanghai is not a very horrible movie, in my opinion, but it is dangerously close to not "passing". Continue with caution.
