The first mystery is to guess what the original film of Velles was. That's why this is a real adventure - to see an incomplete skeleton and to use cinematic forensics, imagine the beautiful woman she once supported. If you do, you will see and experience perhaps one of the best movies. Mysteries ever. As the mysteries go, the story is quite ordinary: a simple diversion, a jealous husband like red herring. . The first real noir, but even darker. This is not an obviously distorted world, unless you think of the camera. What we can see first hand is that someone is a dictionary that will later become commonplace. For all the celebrations, Kane was successful because of great dramas and stories. Around the camera was shocking, but experimental. Velles would go there to explore the mysterious narration and self-evaluation of Shakespeare with these eyes. Othello and MacBeth started in this period, and I consider them part of a vision. Noir feeling here depends on the idea that people are not in charge of their lives, even a little - they are manipulated by random factors in the environment. So, speaking this story, Velles must create an environment in character. A few characters as suspects in the mystery. So we have known lighting, blocking and corners we know (and since then we have seen them countless times). We have deliberately closed meetings: park, yacht, picnic area, aquarium, dock, courtroom, Chinese theater and house. I am sure that what the barbers had done was many and many 'external' narratives that deal with a non-character, but with this strange environment. My secret solution is that this game has made, among other characters - the environments introduced as suspects. In other words, the manipulation of black Irish (which we know from notes and one scene we type in the hall of the trade union was an ambitious novelist) was neither: the power of conspiracy (park or civilized version, courtroom) or nature (picnic or civilized version, aquarium) . Instead, it was a matter of deliberate cheer gods for fun. This, of course, is a self-reference to what Velles is doing: placing these people (including themselves) through hell for our own hir, a matter that has been highlighted by the Beijing Opera with Velles doping. And, of course, leading to a party in which the environment directly interacts with perception. More about self-reference: surely there is a conscious comment on his relationship with his will soon be an equal. But I believe that there is a strong subconscious remark in his own mocking environment in which he worked, the study environment. Velles must have been screwed, in the same way as his character. And this fucking take on the form of killing this film, leaving a rotten body mentioned at the beginning of this commentary. This poor Rita comes from China and connects the whole thing, the Chinese theater, the expected rape from above, the loss of women. Investing in the environment outside of all.
