The Lady of Shanghai is weird even by the standards of her prominent director, Orson Wales, whose last Hollywood film has been for many months. It is a kind of postmodern film noir that arose during the period when conventional films of this type were quite popular, and it is about the lucky Irish sailor (played by Velles) who enters the mysterious lady (Rita Haivorth, who was married to Velles at the time) and her crippled, and possibly the helpless husband, played with the clever, evil gesture of Everett Sloan. It follows a long journey with the sea, with Velles in the body as a bodyguard, and the plot becomes thicker when Glenn Anders appears and begins to create discomforts by giving strange talk of suicide and other morbid topics that indicate that a man is on the verge of a mental breakdown. The murder action follows, and Velles and his employers follow all kinds of misfortune, and until now, the story, obscure and so far pronounced in a light rhythm, goes deep, and the last part of the film consists of a great director set-pieces that as if are thrown to give the film some kind of instinct and urgency does not possess its story, and the result is very much viewed and often pleasant at all times incomprehensible disorder. > It's hard to know what Velles tried to do with this movie, except that he might have revived his career in Hollywood by making a car for his wife. But self-destruction intervenes, as it often does with Velles, and Mrs. Haivorth has never looked less attractive. It seems that she was thrown as femme fatale, which, in addition to her beauty, her most attractive character as a person on the screen was hunting, the quality that she does not have in this picture. The director himself is unusually unattractive, and Hami at O'Hara, (probably) a comfortable sailor, since Velles, for all his numerous gifts, was not known as an easy man to work. It's a role that twenty or thirty years later, Sean Conneri or Robert Shaw may have been able to breathe life. Velles does not. The most interesting performance in the film is Glenn Anders like Grisbi, Sloanov crazy, traitor partner. Anders works miraculously with work, and photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end up on unusual, sour notes, and are often changed; but for all that, he succeeds in making Grisbi's disorder tangible and disturbing, and predicts, in a hollow manner, more glamorous actors from the fifties, such as Timothy Carey. There is a question that accuses this movie: what did Wels try to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man and tried to make statements in his films, which, whether or not he agrees with his or her world view, is brilliantly presented. I think I have an answer, or in part: Velles summed up his film career. He came to the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. Miss Shanghai is not exactly a nude in the studio, but I suppose that this is, in my portrait of amoral, rival lawyers of great proportions (readers: producers), expressing Velles's view of powerful brokers. of Hollivood. It presents itself as a sailor without roots. Sam Velles was certainly an irreparable traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for a long time. He was hired by a large, prestigious film (Citizen Kane) in the studio, which caused a storm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. Perhaps this is a question that does not dare to pronounce its name in this film, which means Velles's personal failure is not to overcome the shock of his novelty in the film colony and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. The mere fact that he appeared in Hollywood, as well as his own presence in the film, could not prevent disasters that were beyond his control. To present himself in a movie as a kind, naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge of Velles's work. He was a much larger player in the interior than he allowed it, and I presume he despised his knowledge of the world's aspects of life, and himself because he knew so much.
