It could be a well-defined film noir of all time, and that Columbia Studios did not so much cut out the original Orson Velles. What we have left is the wrong, but brilliant film that portrays the huge talent of Velles as an actor / director and Rita Haivorth as a serious dramatic talent. The 'Ladi from Shanghai' is a film noir that is the most compelling and confusing. Velles, with an uneven accent, shows Michael O'Hara, a passenger Irishman, who, after a fateful encounter with seductive, dangerous Elsom Banister (Haivorth, in a great performance), practically forced to accept the job as a crew member on her and her rider (Everett Sloane). Elsa, or 'Rosalie', as Michael likes to call her, plays a good innocent, helpless doll, joining O'Hara into his network. While lovers spend not just a secret affair at sea, partner Arthur Bannister at his law firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders) comes to the ship. He is a strange, unreliable character that offers Michael a unique proposal: he will get $ 5,000 to help Grisbi in falsifying Grisby's death, so he looks like a murder. The plan is for Michael to depart from a technical nature and escape to the sun with Elsa. But things do not go according to plan. Haivorth brings us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous display. Sometimes she looks sincerely vulnerable and as a child, in others brutally, tired and difficult. It is always brilliantly beautiful, regardless of whether the situation requires that it be dripped in a bathing suit or dressed in black, waving a gun. Haivorth is beautifully photographed here, and she is far from her famous role as "Gilda". Her former husband, Orson Velles, cut off his red-colored reds for a colored blonde (the anger of Columbia's Harry Cohn). It was an incredible marketing trick, and he greatly changed his changed attitude. She is not a cute femme fatale that 'Gilda' is here - instead of being a predatory, black-blooded woman who sees murder as a very useful option. The Velles and Haivorth pairing came at a time when the couple had extreme difficulties in marriage. It would evolve after the film was shot, so it is curiosity to provide some view of the complicated relationship. They are disgusting, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to estimate whether they had real chemistry on the screen. Certainly every encounter is powerful and full of raw sexuality, with Velles as a "parachute" (he even admits that he is in the movie!) And Rita as a double pass. Velles character is a typical noir 'drifter' with little sense. As Velles's voice proves, O'Hara does not truly use her brain 'much to expect to think of her (Elsa)'. Velles is usually played by intelligent, charismatic guys, so his order here as a dark Michael is unusual and very interesting. Indeed, Velles was an actor of a good talent and he is drawing it well. Everett Sloane is appropriately slim as Haivorth's enriched husband. You wonder why he's hiring Michael. Obviously, his wife is romantically interested in him, and why then calls for a 'threat'? One interpretation might be that Michael "serves" his wife who Bannister can not in his moody state. There is definitely something to do with this theory, with many implications for Elsa's behavior before she met her husband (is she some kind of prostitute?) And that Grisbi knew that Bannister's most intimate secret was ambiguous in several scenes. This is a messy, complicated film with a complication that is ultimately flawed. We are more interested in a love triangle than about murder, as well as for most noirs. Velles gives us many of his usual brilliant film touches, including the well-known "Mirror Hall of Fame". It's a great scene, one end that can almost erase mistakes earlier in the movie and raise it in size. This fun house scene is visually stunning, with Dali's feeling resembling a set of pictures (apparently Orson painted them myself). The subtle visual image used during the film by Velles improves the plot and makes this thinking experience a reflection. Dialogue is terrifying and confusing, delivered top with Rita's intermittently quiet voice and helpless, tall voice of a little girl. Haivorth proves his acting skills in this, and proves that it is the ultimate femme fatale 'noir'. Too bad (just a little bit, like Rita was a brilliant dancer) that she did so beautiful, yet spicy and often forgotten musicals for Colombia in the 40's instead of a dark-themed noir like this one. She was a great actress when she was given the opportunity to show her talent. 9/10.
