In New York, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Velles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Haivorth) from robbery and rape while taking horse and chariot through Central Park - and lives to complain. HiVort with Tizian's hair is a platinum blond in this; as dazzling as freshly falling snow - but nowhere near as clean ... To find more complicated complications in this seed, "noir" would be crime. It's misleading like the mirrors used for the cataclysmic effect in the final stages - but the film keeps far darker secrets: from the New York Times: "Children from the shadows: the hidden story of the murder of the black dholias by Maria Pacios" Mary Pacios, who was a 5-year-old has made friends with 15-year-old Bette Short, returns to Short Steps, interviews her friends and associates, and also offered detailed, though speculative, analysis of Orson Welles - especially in connection with her film "Lady of Shanghai." According to Ms. Pacios, together with a related archive atheism, has many of the same ritual elements associated with Short's murder, she raises the question: Was Velles a killer? Interesting theories - and the torrent of books now appearing on Black Dahlia, much more can come to light. "Brutal" film-noir "Fritz Lang," The Great Heat "(1953), was the novel-key that talks about the Dahlia murder in" The City of the Net ", it was LA-but Orson's opus," Dahlia "had" on "connection with. In reality, it was Bugsi Siegel (and Hollywood mafia wars from the 1940s) who were "Dahlia" in ... but that does not deny much of what Pacios wrote. Almost all holivud folded with Elizabeth ("Black Dahlia") Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in several Golden Age movies. "Black Dahlia" has always been on the peripheral edge of "Shanghai" - even before the recording began. Barbara Paiton at Franchotte Tone: "When he was thinking about making The Ladi from Shanghai, before he lost his option to Orson Welles, Franchot said he was in a bad condition because of the job when he came to Dahlia. Café Formosa * across from the Goldwin ... * * Behind the Formosa café was the office of Bugsy Siegel, and "The Dahlia" is one of his reunions / excluded "Girls." It's getting deeper and deeper darker - after a row over Barbara Paiton in 1951 between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone who sent Franchot to a hospital with with the tremor of the brain and "I never talk the same way again," Barbara said, married Tone "just to defy Neal. "Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(which is not?) And became obsessed - from John Lawrence's" LA Despair ":" The murder of a young, beautiful future actress Elizabeth Short from January 1947 known as "Black Dahlia "was one of the most serious murders in the modern crime story, and a project entitled" Who killed the Black Dahlia? " was launched by actor Tom Neal, hellfire from the Second World War. Potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposal than what Tom Neal and his cohorts introduced ..." Soon then: "It would be very clear that a nice day would come when Tom hid his beautiful, new married to Palm Springs while lying on the couch and shooting a bullet in the head. "Barbara Paiton and Norma Jean Dougherti (later Marilyn Monroe) knew" Dahliu "and their stories It seems that everyone who crossed the path" Dahlia "(like the proverbial black cats) entered the "twilight zone" "Darkness and / or he was incredible with bad luck after that. " Tone / Neal / Velles are just a few - including the murdered movie "The Ladi from Shanghai" ... "The Shanghai Lada" was supposed to be released for two years, thanks to the extensive offer - at the beginning - and all because President Columbia Harri Cohn could not understand the story. Dark is "noir" to be sure - one of the darkest. It is also an evil satire of life in the new atomic age. Nicolas Christopher: "Shanghai" emphasizes the insistent sub-text of the nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive statement of the atomic bomb and the American city. The main victim of the murder of the film (and many of them), a psychotic and double lawyer, manually anticipates Armageddon at every step, arguing that he can "feel it." He announces that he plans to escape to the remote Pacific island - a particularly sour joke on Velles's part because it was the year when the United States began to test atomic bombs at exactly such a place, Atoll Bikini, moving all residents and destroying the ecosystem. At the time of Bikini, it seems that the erotic identification of Haivorth with Bomb is institutionalized, with the blessing of military brass; the first bomb fell on a Pacific field for testing under the name "Gilda", and Haivorth's picture, in a provocative dress, painted directly on the casing ... "Ironically, Orson Velles's wide interpretation was considered by many to be that IRAZ is harmful to the movie, and Velles told viewers that Michael O'Hara is just a narrator - is not part of the story even though he is spinning around him. "O'Hara" contradicts a shark. "The egg of eating insanity will not stop until nothing stays "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the story. "Elsa Bannister" is causing a madness for feeding during "O'Harin og "and its inaccurate introduction The spectators are in their madness, searching for and carrying about the" Elsa "- a human aquarium that is associated with the Sequoia Marine Museum Sections in San Francisco. This is a human condition ... except" Michael O'Hara " life trying to forget its past ("Elsa") - or to die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael", and the story eventually eats its tail, and the viewer is warned to get away from trouble.
