It's very difficult to say what happened to The Ladi from Shanghai and what the film could be without interfering with the studies. The main interest of Orson Welles for the film at this time was to collect money for his theater; Indeed, financing your own projects is what led him to seek a job on the act. He made a "lady from Shanghai" to be a former wife, Rita Haivorth. Harry Cohn was frightened of Rita's paintings and kept publishing this film for one year. The action relates to the Irish sailor, Michael O'Hara, who falls in love with Elsa (Haivorth, stunning short blond hair). Her husband is a well-known criminal lawyer, Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), who is discharged from inside while outdoors. He hires O'Hara to work on his yacht, and there O'Hara pulls deeper and deeper into the network of murders and scams. The "Lady of Shanghai" is moving with a snail's step, I agree with one of the posters that are criticizing films today due to the time to build the plot. Still, this movie is pulling. The scenes in the entertainment house are fantastic - Velles wanted it without music, and I believe that the studio collapsed. That is shameful. The photo is stunning, atmospheric, bold and very elegant. Velles was an excellent actor, handsome in his youth, charismatic and possessed a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films it's almost unbelievable if he does not believe himself or takes time to develop his character. Instead, he relies on externalities such as accents and false noses. One of the only time he did not do is "Tomorrow is Forever," where the director gets an excellent, deeply sensitive performance from him. Contrast it with "Compulsion" where it shows that the master is a pure technical actor while calling in his performance. Here Velles has a four-folding role - as a director, star, co-writer and narrator. Sporting completely unnecessary emphasis and intense look was a quick way to characterize. Still, he is always tempting. The supporters are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. The humor, a splendid and soft voice (her singing again called Anita Ellis), as usual, is a complete goddess and one of the biggest screen displays. What a sad life for such vivid beauty. Every film that Orson Velles directed is worth seeing, and "Lady of Shanghai" is no exception. But this leaves the viewer frustrated, as well as "The Magnificent Ambersons" - like any work Velles worked on in the studio system. He was a great artist who was supposed to get free rule; he was not. He was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but, as seen from some of his later works, he needed a studio design. Unfortunately, he could not have both.
