After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood executives turned their back Orbou Velles. With the exception of KANE, Velles lost all creative control over BIG WRITTEN AMBERSONS, TRAVEL IN PATHS, and many other films to come. Velles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unusual movie creator when Hollivood needed a few more. LADI FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the misunderstood Velles movie at that time, a movie that seems a little aroused and not running. It has a convention in 1940 that has been told in the most unusual way, and I am sure that some scenes ended up on the floor of the cutting room. It is now a legend that Columbine donkey Harri Cohn got up during his initial review and asked what it was about. Looking back, many old grumpers who were leading the studies did not have a clue about cinematographic techniques and mastering a story about Orson Velles and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI was just about big because of their downfall. In addition to being the most likely director of all time, Velles was a pretty successful actor. By the age of 25, we all know what he did like Charles Foster Kane, perhaps the most famous character in the history of the film. Here, there is rarely a character of frivolous mind and not a lot of intelligence, something unknown to those who are familiar with another great work by Velles. Instead of a smooth, wise tongue, he speaks rough, Irish riddles. Rita Haivorth (his unfortunate wife at the time) plays the unfortunate married wife of a lawyer who puts Vells in a spell and can get him into a job that will lead him to the limits of deception and disappointment. He is a great lion who may have even killed a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Haivorth (with stunning blue hair) and the enriched husband Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein from CITIZEN KANE). The angry partner of Sloane is on his way to cross the country to trigger a number of unusual events that turn to Velles' head Michael O'Hara. Velles narrates an image like O'Hara, but things are still unclear. See for yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 views to know exactly what's going on. The strange strange row of courtroom is around O'Hara, and Sloane defends him. It's an unusual comedy scene with some unusual courtroom methods, including Sloane who cross-examines himself. I did not laugh very much because the film stops at this moment after the first part that can not be removed anyway. Until this moment, cinema is great, some scenes are recorded by craft and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is no clear line that draws elements to us, the audience, in. Allegedly, the court scene was re-recorded. against Velles's demands (ordered 10 major plans by Haivorth) and an improvised song sung by starlets was thrown at Coh's insistence. The magnificent result woke Welles, who was once again omitted from the editing process. Thanks to Velles for saving the movie entirely with final tours that will always be precious. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings fans back and forth, with full rights. It must be seen that it is believed and well done to some confusingly presented ideas. The fall of the mirror represents "O'Hara" disappointment, and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and decoration. It looks more like a state of mind than a real place and it's really "crazy", twisted and turned around like a Dali picture. This is a great ending to a defective picture that would, if left alone, make the AFI Top 100. Then 3 or 4 Orson Velles movies might have made all the collective "best" lists if it remained alone to make your own magic. NOTE: Look for the Mercuri toys that are so prominent in Velles' pictures. Everywhere they appear. RATING: 8 of 10
