These are nine-page sections "Memo for Mr. Cohen by Mr. Wales", written after Orson saw the edited version of the image of the studio mogul Harry Kona (he took an hour): "... the title music was composed by the first-rate composer, George Antheil. Although not entirely written for our painting, this temporary head music had an atmosphere of darkness and threats in combination with something lush and romantic that made him acceptable.The only music idea that appears to be present The current composer (Heinz Roemheld) has come tired of using a popular song - "themes" - as many arrangements as possible, "Please do not kiss me" for almost every bridge, as well as for a large part of the background material, the melody is pleasant, it may well pass on the Hit parade - but Ladi from Shanghai is not a musical comedy .. Mr. Roemheld is a fervent devotee of the old-fashioned type who is now mentioned in our affairs with Disney. In other words, if someone falls, a real orchestra "falling" sound, etc. ... If the laboratory had scratched initials and phone numbers by negative, I could not be more unhappy with the results ... Before I went abroad, I asked you (Viola Lavrence, the editor) to make a cut that would involve lowering the traffic accidents with taxi taxis and also a lot of dialogue. I am convinced that this would be an excellent cut ... saving the much needed recordings in slow order of opening (this is not done, taking into account the main weaknesses of opening the film). Rhythmic diving guarantees a great orchestral crescendo ... What matters is Rita's beauty ... the evil ghosts that suggest Grigsb's character, and Michael's confusion. Any or all of these items may have inspired music. Instead, diving is treated as if it was a great climax or an ancient moment in Silli Simphony: the bluff of Pluto, or a wild jump to the universe of Donald Duck ... There is no clean atmosphere on board. A little wind and water is very missed. It does not make sense to take a picture of the scene on a real ship if you sound like everything happened in front of the screen of the process ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the provisional result, we used a very curious, sexy Latin-American effort ... This was replaced by an unwanted " dramatic "sequel - bad stock ... This kind of music destroys this quality of strangeness, which is exactly what could save the Lady from Shanghai to be just another big piece ... There is a big musical outburst after Grigsbie's line," I want him you kill. " This is absurd ... Hawaiian guitar music coming out of the radio ... should have been sufficiently loosened to make a certain satirical point. It's now at the same level as the rest of the scoring. No one in the audience could suspect a joke ... The aquarium scene needs more jecks. "Please Don't Kiss Me" is Again! ... A bad job of dubbing and bad evaluation ruined the character of Michael's run down the gat. From shooting to phone call, a careful sample of voices was built with a lot of time and effort. For some reason, this was all pervaded by the unclear voice. As a result, the whole sequence looks bored ... The audience should at this time feel, along with Michael, that they might be crazy. A new synchronization job can only make them feel that they might sleep ... A gun battle with mirroring the mirror can not be supported by music ... Final music again refers to "Please do not kiss me" ... This finale is obvious to vulgarity, and makes an unpredictable injury at the end of the image. "All these edits from Orson have been ignored
