As I watched one of Orson's latest contributions to Wels Hollywood as a director, I knew I was watching a big movie, although sometimes I did not know why. The story in the Gospa of Shanghai has the primary elements of film-noir: an average-Joe's lead, femme fatale, striking signs of support, and understandable, although somewhat tangled, plot structure. It's a fun ride, and it's filled up with Velles's unique gifts as directors, but there are scenes that do not usually work, or do not feel complete in what Velles is full of vision (this is unfortunately the real executive producer Harry Cohn and the chiefs of Colombia. Velles works with her then-wives, deeply beautiful Rita Haivorth, as well as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can really be angry at the right people Haivorth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Cit Zen Kaneu), accompanied by friend Grisbi (Glenn Anders, who has great control of the eyes). They want to go to their yacht and take O'Hara on the ride, and first opposes, but agrees as it falls for O'Hara believes Bannister and Grisbi are not pleasant to be around, and even more so with Grisby, who at first glance is from his pumpkin. However, as the action unfolds, O ' Hara is drawn into a scam that Grisby is planning for for money from insurance, with results that I do not dare discover (although they were discussed by others). Regardless of the obligations that appear here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and those few noteworthy moments in which the recordings were dictated by the studio), the performance and appearance of the film remain remarkable after more than fifty-five years. Although there's no great Greg Tolland (Kane's DP) on his side, trusted Charles Lavton Jr. Helps Velles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and sharp, covered with shadows, deep focus, low corners, works. A special achievement is the scene of the mirror of the entertainment house, which is just one of the main elements. Sam Velles is always reliable as an actor - even if his accent is nothing special - Haivorth itself makes the scene a little more luxurious, despite her journey into the story. The lady from Shanghai is worth checking, especially for Velles, Haivort, or filmfire (Coen brothers' fans could consider this to be fascinating). It may take a bit, repeat viewing (as it was for the Touch of Evil) in order to subside the motives in complication.
