Japan is in serious trouble. The demons infected Edo, taking over the earthly forms and bending them in their unholy will. In addition, the revival of Ashura, the Queen of the Demons, is close. The only thing that opposes this serious threat is Demon Vardens, a terrible group of warriors, which can be as bad as the demons themselves. In retirement, the retired Demon Varden, who five years ago, occupied the theater instead of Demon Slaughter after accidentally killing an innocent child (In a battle that remarkably resembled a bar scene from Dusk to Dawn). One night by chance, he met a beautiful and mysterious woman named Tsubaki. Their wealth is intertwined (literally) and fate obliges them to be lovers and enemies. If you think this sounds like your typical epic movie Fantasy / Swordplai, you would be wrong. In fact, nothing is typical of Ashur. It's juice from many different genres. Just mentioned, as well as comedy, drama and romance. Director Iojiro Takita (Onmioji) juggling the genre pretty fairly (although the comedy seems to be forced in some scenes), and the ultimate result is a funny but really fun movie about popcorn. To be sure, there are flaws in the film. It seems that some of the humor is fictitious and unreasonable. And acting is not the greatest. But seriously, do you watch movies Fantasi / Svordplai / Comedi for great acting performances? No, we look at them for action and crazy CG visions, everything Ashura has in Spades. Not to be misleading, the film is not all that is happening, but there is a large enough space with lots of fencing and a bucket of green blood to make the average viewer happy. In the lower part; movies have their drawbacks and are not an epic martial sport, but they do not try to be and have interesting visual effects and a good action of fencing. The reason the film worked for me is that he never takes it too seriously and if the viewer does the same, he will surely be delighted with this fun and stupid play of fantasy fencing. My Rating 7 out of 10. Fun popcorn movie.
