Set in Japan, Ashura is a story of demons taking over the land. The assumption is much more complicated, but one should not forget the story. Japan is in turmoil, and Demons take the human form of wandering around the country. Generally speaking, demons look and behave like humans, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use are not just demons, but the classic form of 'ogre', which is a mythological being of a historical past. We are talking about creatures that would look more like gods than simple ugly monsters that are eating. stress. In order to save the world from Demon there are Demon killers. Skilled and skillful warriors who can spot and win the majority of all kinds of demons, and who guard the passage between the kingdom of hell and the realm of reality. These are the basic assumptions. The story begins with a festival in the local city. In the middle of these ceremonies, three men ride, dressed in all black, seemingly intent on doing evil. Villagers run, except for those who are demonic in nature, who turn green and try to kill them. Demon-Slayers eventually kill most demons. From here, the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when a demon appears at the entrance to hell, in front of the eyes of the three gates, which reveals the coming of Ashura. With it comes the end of the rule of man and begins the rule of the demon. However, Ashura requires some form of birth, the first step of which occurred during the initial battle, but which will not be revealed to you until you see the movie. Three demon killers are a wise old man, a powerful but unprincipled man, and a skilled and compassionate warrior. You can immediately see the separation between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the powerful one who wants to bend them into the growing ego of maniac desires, and the third wants to stop the other. By the way, she sees the woman he starts to love and with whom she believes she has a special relationship. She is in turn a robber who is bona fide, demanded by the authorities. When they finally met face to face, he put her hand on her shoulder, and suddenly she was broken with a mark on her shoulder. Needless to say, the mark is not a good sign. What follows is the struggle for the earth, the struggle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good in itself. The point of this film has become something else than what I thought I wanted. I came to think that this would be either a fast-moving action movie with demons, or a horror movie with nasty evil and dirty creatures that could be seen in Ring and Ju. However, I was wrong in the best possible way. The story that I was doing was the adaptation of a very old Japanese play, and it is in itself, combining in essence an action adrenaline scene with a great concept, incredible narration, and a style that makes you compelled to think rather than just sit rolling in the mountains. Many scenes are painted by a splendid dialogue between two characters that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. This becomes a practical theater experience that takes your breath away. The film uses some flawless scenography and camera work that can be compared to many of the great Samurai movies of our time, but adding to it a good reflection and classic complication. With great acting, great music and basically stunning scenes, it has to be seen in my book. However, for this it is necessary to give up that it is not for everyone. It's not cheap excitement, not balls for wall action. His horror style was recorded. There are many things to say and it takes time to do it, fly into the face of conventional one-way lines. Like Japanese performances, the exchange between characters can take a few minutes before joining the fast, but wonderful scene of the battle. If you can enjoy such things, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is slasher flicks with a little complication and excessive nudity, then you can easily see something else. All in all, this film for me is unique and unbelievable, which keeps you attractive and entertaining. has good writing, good acting and a good direction. All in all, it's a solid film.
