I must admit I'm a little surprised and disappointed with some of the negative comments that this film makes to provoke. I think it's a great horor / sci fi movie. Colonel Steve West (Alec Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in space, he got a bizarre and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, looks in the mirror, and his face melt before his eyes! Fleeing from hospital surveillance is hiding in some local forests surrounding the small town. Unfortunately, he begins to develop hunger that grows fast and can be satisfied by eating other people. He must be fed with human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! By engaging in human prey, he begins his reign of terror! His old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) will find him and try to help him. He has to work alone, because his boss, General Perry (Miron Healei), wants to be extremely quiet. Nelson can not tell her wife, Judy (Ann Sveeni). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious while General Perry appears just as some local residents begin to appear half-eaten. I do not understand why this movie gets such negative reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the movie is undoubtedly Rick Bakers Special makeup and effects above, which are generally excellent, and the fact that all their prosthetic effects and without garbage terribly CGI makes them even better. The writer and director Villiam Sachs is not afraid to use them, we have some nice long-lasting shots of an incredible man who melts and they are well-kept, even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring, but sufficiently professional. The scenario manages to create a bit of sympathy for the monster, his troubles look intolerable in Ted Nelson's house, or when he sees his reflection in some water and reacts violently. The ending, set in some big factory, is quite weak, so do not expect a happy ending. What surprised me. Also, the script does not actually do anything with a premise, it just goes about melting and killing, with your friend who tries to stop it, maybe a bit too easy. Personally, I think the worst part of the movie is near the beginning when a fat nurse lowers the hospital corridor in a slow pace, and its screams are also shown in slow motion, it also looks and sounds funny! You must see that you believe in it! I love this movie very much and I recommend it to the 70's and 80's horror / sci fi fans. A bit of my favorite.
