Astronaut Steve West (Alek Rebar) and his comrades are undertaking a space mission that sees them flying through Saturn's rings. His comrades were immediately killed, but they seem to be lucky ones. Steve returns to the Earth an unbroken mass of humanoid pulp; As he turns into a wild killer, he melts at every step, followed by his friend, Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning). This is often so ridiculous - with enough absurd lines and a situation to move around - that I find it hard to believe that all the laughs are unintentional. It seems to me that this is something that is happening in the low-budget genre of the 50's and 60's, and as such, it's a wonderfully fun film. This sequence with your sister is simply hilarious. We are even divided into a screen sequence that does not add anything but is still a gas for watching. Writer / director Villiam Sachs deserves the credit for this ingenious idea; its ultra-slim character is truly unforgettable. I think his pacing is a little distant; Some scenes (like those with older pairs) continue to last long, but ultimately it delivers solid, hidden, B-film products with a certain degree of agony. The highlight is especially fun. The music of Arlon Obers is a pleasant trembling (but also funny stupidity at some moments), and Villy Curtis's cinema produces some really great shots. This leads me to the fantastic and convincing effects of make-up Rick Bakers, which make it a highly respectable center of the film, until the final final melting. Rebar is under heavy makeup for almost the entire movie (Sachs gets my praise for the film being launched) and does what he has to do well enough. DeBenning makes a pretty stupid and stupid hero, and Ann Sveenei is not as hot as his wife, but Miron Healei, Michael Alldredge and Lisle Wilson are good at supporting. It's also worth to see people like Cheril Rainbeauk Smith (a real shot at Toples), Janus Blithe (by Tobe Hoopers "Eaten Alive" and Ves Cravens "The Hills Have Eies") and even by the director Jonathan Demme. > This is a very fun midnight movie with enough blood, winter and laughter to be rated as worth catching for lovers of low-quality sci-fi / horror everywhere. 8/10
