First of all, everyone who searches for a meaningful "outsourced-oriented" cinema that contains some kind of social message with meaningful performances and dialogue dialogues that are spoken by dedicated, emotional, cordial singers, please leave now. Lose time and life is short, go to see the new Brangelina Jolie movie, get in touch, go and buy a hybrid car or throw your conflict diamonds if you will feel better and leave us alone. br /> Do not let your door hit the exit. THE UNCERTAIN MEN is class B minus a regional horror epic footage in the Oklahoma desert by a young, TV friendly team and is concerned about the astronaut exposed to the bizarre radiation effects, wakes up in the hospital and finds his body to cram as he sits and feels like a stupid . This man is played by Alek Rebar, who is recognizable for the first four minutes of the film. But once he begins to freeze himself with the extraordinary makeup of Rick Baker, he looks more like something that could be found in a can of spam before emptying all liquid, viscous stains from grease. The film has a zero Exposure and does not get tangible with pitches: There are several scenes involving the types of scientists who ride around on an absurd industrial conveyor that obediently recites several compulsory lines on radiation effects, but the film It did not care, really. It's a freak and a marvelous story with a very sickly sense of humor for those who can be a stomach. One big laugh comes when a melted man stumbles on a young girl in the woods and so is losing what he does to get him out of his eyes. Hilarious. The "Hero" movie is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating visual actor from the golden television scene of the 1970s and '80s, which was an early prototype model of Kevin Spacey; slightly twisted, neurotic, and one step ahead of the majority in the room, even if it looks confused. He appeared immediately after this film was made in a bizarre-style TV anthology called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE) which is considered one of the best films ever made in Oklahoma, which I suppose this film was made. Dry, cold landscapes in the Midwest are completely the same, and a stream that an unfortunate fisherman chooses for his afternoon sports looks the same as Cameron Mitchell fought against flying alien pancakes WITHOUT WARNINGS ... which also had a sick sense of humor, TV friendly moody, and some pretty unexpectedly upstairs. I definitely feel at least an aesthetic connection between the three films, as well as TIŠINA LAMBI which is not surprising given that the director Jonathan Demme is part of the acting team MELTING MAN. In essence, as others have pointed out, this is a 1950s movie scene that was updated for subsequent seventies special effects and inevitable tits. A film that probably borrows most of its ideas is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to radiation effects that induce him to kill. One of the things that really admires the movie is that absolutely does not take into account the motivation of a melting man: he simply goes to the rampage and the drama of the film comes from asking whether he will fall to pieces before some characters become victims of his madness. The budget for the film is incredibly low, and every money spent on it is on the screen, the disgusting effects of Rick Baker who gets the lion's share of what was spent on it. Sick, disgusting fun. He enjoyed with a crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why can not people make more of these movies? 8/10
