I always liked this comedy as one of the few who had ever seriously tried to deal with the US government's annual demand for taxes. Have you ever read the tax code?: It's a complete trial to follow its multiple clauses that our congressmen and senators seek to help their financial supporters and various interest groups. Despite the claims that it is fair, the tax law has always set the lion's share of burdens on the middle and working class, not on rich and influential ones. Most of the different special clauses are intended for their use - go through the average pattern 1040 or 1040A and look at the diversity of different investments and business ventures, all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never benefit from these. Here is the story that the rich landowner (Philip Ober) used his influence to discard the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkel) were not paid tax in 20 years. The Baltimore Tax Administration Office is under Fred Clarke and he is concerned about Ober with his influence. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. Randall finds that Douglas, Merkel and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people who rarely have the need for cash (getting on their farm) to produce and exchange with their neighbors). But Rendal, trained in clear lines of tax law, tries to reduce the family to the basics. But gradually Douglas notes that Rhynolds loves Randall, and he constantly turns Randall out of his job, and eventually drinks him. He also makes it difficult for Randall to leave the engine when his two sons take off his car. The action follows the growing attraction and discord between the urban, ambiguous Randall and the countryside, the love life of Reinolds. They really make a sweet couple. In the end, after Ober complains, Randall returns to shame and Clarke (a harder cookie) descends to brass. And a very large tax bill appears, which may destroy Douglas's family. The film does not end - it ends happily, but reminds us that the power of taxation is power to destroy, and that the government is doing too often for destruction. The chance of a million-million-dollar revolution saves the family, but it's so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More seriously, Clarke's boss (Charles Lane) faces the essence of Ober's "help" suggesting that his taxes will be more attentive next year. After that Ober is pretty green.
