MELTING MAN ... a tragic victim of the cosmic race, he disappeared MELTING ... never realizing that the race had LONG TERM ...! Man (Burr DeBenning) burns his hand on the kitchen stove. But instead of screaming something NORMAL person screams, he shouts something that sounds like "AAAAATCH-KAH !!" This movie you shot ... is not a normal movie. You just made the first step in the THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN, a famous film from the late '70s that shows the great effects of Rick Baker. Baker was on the verge of becoming a superstar, and he did it at the same time as his famous "cantina aliens" in STAR VARS. For some strange reason, STAR VARS has become the name of the household, and NEVINOVAN MELTING MAN is not. It may have something to do with the fact that this movie is just clever and horrible. Since the opening of the loan ("The act of Alek Rebar as an unknown ignition guy" ... that's what he writes!), A cute nurse who passes through the glass door, to the head of a fisherman crossing over a waterfall and breaking up graphically on someone This movie it provides many, many moments of pure incomprehensibility. "Why are they ... but how come that ... why are they ...?" After a while, you quit wondering why and watch it as it is - a very fun piece of garbage. Astronaut returns to Earth in a fused, radioactive state; he runs away, and the mind decays, like his body, a crazed killing starts. Authorities quickly decide that the melting man must stop, but (probably he does not want to "panic") wants to capture him as quietly as possible. They sent one guy with a geiger counter behind him. Vov. Storivise, surprisingly little is happening during the film. That cannon wanders around killing people. The doctor searches for him with a geiger counter. They represent different characters, ask questions and leave. In the end, the doctor faces a man who melts, but for whatever reason he was killed by the guard, after explaining that he was "Dr. Ted Nelson." The soldered man is drained and finally dissolved in a large bowl of goose. The end. It's so meaningless that somehow ends so it's very fun, despite the pretty weak ending. Apparently, it is planned to publish a wide-screen DVD. A very special movie.
