Until the 1990s, there was never a Jane Austen-based Emmy movie. Then they appeared in the same year in 1996. Or, if you count 1995, "Clueless," which updates Austen's conspiracy for modern American high school, three for two years. The main character is Emma Voodhouse, a young lady from a wealthy family in Regency England. She is, in financial terms, considerably better than most Austin heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fannie Price, and there is no need to be a wealthy husband. Instead, it seems that her main preoccupation finds husbands for friends. She urges her friend Harriet to reject the proposal of a young farmer Robert Martine's marriage, believing that Harriet should direct attention to the ambitious priest of Mr. Elton. However, this scheme is catastrophically wrong, since Elton is not interested in Harriet, but he also fell in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma dismisses his proposal seems to ask why she was so interested in linking her friend with a man she (for good reason) considers an unsuitable spouse for herself. This is the act of Jane Austin, Emma turns out to be less dedicated to the gnuser than she looks, and she also falls in love, which leads to further complications. Kate Beckinsale is today a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being only one year younger, she was not nearly as well known as Gwyneth Paltrow. She is, however, as convincing as Austen's benevolent, but often wrongly turned heroine. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classical roles - she made a wonderful hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "A lot of worry about nothing" -and I sometimes see that I want Hollivood to find her more appropriate roles instead of spending her in the Pearl Harbor or " Undervorld ". I wanted to Jeremi Northam Mark Strong as Emma's love interest. Knightlei, mostly because he approached my concept of a character as a gentleman, a knight's elderly man, in a way more than father-figure Emma of a lover. (His last name probably meant that his gentlemen's nature - gentlemen of the nineteenth century - liked to regard himself as a modern equivalent of medieval knights with his elaborate chivalry codes. Powerful tend to diminish the issue of age difference (he's 37 years old, he's 21 years old) and makes Knightleia more passionate lover and less wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who moved on to bigger things) may be closer to Harriet's novel than Tony Colette. These were the smaller sizes of the two versions, made for television, and not the cinema, and the sets and costumes look less lavish, and among the actors there are smaller names. A costume drama is, however, something that British television works well, and this version can certainly keep its cinematic version; both are fun and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
