As winter approaches, our state television, ABC, has decided for some reason to hold a partial Jane Austen festival on Sunday night. This started with a twelve-year version of Emma's movie last week; the latest versions of the three other novels, "Persuasion", "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" will come. Interesting thing about this production of A & E Television networks, with a script of all time reliable Andrew Davies has appeared almost simultaneously with two much larger versions of budget films, one acted by Gwyneth Paltrow and "Clueless", "modernized "version, starring Alicia Silverstone, who transferred the land to Beverly Hills. Perhaps as a result, even with Kate Beckinsale at the helm, this production sank without a trace. As a general rule, much is lost when novels hide in order to fit into the length of the film. The adaptations that they seek to enjoy and remember are those that have enough room for the development of stories and characters. An outstanding example is "Brideshead Revisited" which had 13 50-minute episodes from 1982. You just need to compare the very common film version of "Pride and Prejudice" in 2005 with a brilliant 1995th six-part TV mini-series. It's not about the novel being recorded on the page, and some novels (often not very good) are wonderfully adapting to the film ("Reconciliation" is a recent example), but the novels of Jane Austin need a bit of time and room for the effort of their full charm. Given the shortcomings of this kind of adaptation, this production is fine. Kate Beckinsale gives Emma the right mix of self-confidence and vulnerability, and Mark Strong is an honest g. Knightley (he reminded me that Jane is prone to recycling characters? Knightley is a clearer version of the witty Darcy from P & P). Samantha Morton was pretty chubby Harriet, but Prunella Scales was perfectly cracked by Miss Bates? Sibil Favlti on the speed. Bernard Hepton as Emmin's poor father was also great. We have seen wetlands, mud and poverty, as well as gentle interiors, in case anyone thought this was a particularly idyllic era for everyone. Although it was a shortened adaptation it was strangely slow. locim ?? some of the conversations were rather stiff, even allowed the formalities of that time. I would have to look at the movie again to be sure, but this could be due to the insufficient use of reaction images. If you like the captured periods, this is a perfectly good example, and it is compared with the Paltre version. Anyway, there's more to come!
