Many critics felt insulted as R.V. In this film, Fassbinder also portrayed the Vilkie and the Nazi protagonists in a similar way. However, the connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films will realize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "female films" such as "Marriage of Mary Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fasbinder was convinced that "stories can be much better told to women than men," because, according to Fasbinder, while men usually fulfill their roles in society, "women are able to think in a dialectical way." Dialectics, however, means that there is not only the thesis and its antithesis as usual in our black and white world, but also the synthesis in which the opposition coincides. Moreover, dialectics means that the absolute opposite of the difference between the thesis and the antithesis is abolished due to the third degree of synthesis. Concretely speaking: Starting from the dialect point of view and showing the fascist state, underground fighters must necessarily use basic means as the rulers do, and between the perpetrators and victims there is a hijast attitude, so that every perpetrator is a victim and every victim is also a perpetrator. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme, which goes beyond classical logic, in his play "City, Garbage and Death" (1975) by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow Angel" (1976). Therefore, approaching a priori controversial topic such as the Nazi Germany, in a dialectical way, the display of this time in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see that our recognition of the world is far away exhausted by the primitive scheme of a light switch, but it needs a third instance of synthesis as the control instance of the thesis and antithesis of its opposite members. The mutual relationship between perpetrators and victims must be examined, because it is simply not true that offenders are bad, and the victims are good. In a synthetic perspective, bad ones participate in goodness because they are good at participating in bad behavior. They are interconnected. In a world-view based on classical logic, the relationship between good and bad can not even be established, and in ethics based on this inadequate system of logic, the bad conscience of the surviving Nazi Germany, feeling (enough illogical) that it is responsible for the acts of their ancestors exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes, and thus synthesis in the form of a new estimate based on this relationship. From Fassbinder's dialectical point of view, Lili Marleen, Lola and Maria Braun can not be condemned for their "abuse" of the ruling system for their private purposes, because they are not abusing them, they only use them. On the contrary, victims have to repeat the acts of the perpetrators because the perpetrators must repeat the acts of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer a mirror image of each other as in a two-pronged logic, their strategies are legitimized by the hijastical structure of logic that describes our world, which in general not black and white, much better than black-and-white logic.
