It is said that ABBA was at that time? the multi-rewarded Swedish disco favorite star reached its peak, the band became disappointed with singing in English and craved for performance in their native language. Shortly thereafter, problems began to appear in the former-married lock-up and waterproofing partnership, and the recording was becoming increasingly rare. The band collapsed, although unofficially, in 1982 and pop lost one of its most famous artists. Although they never acknowledged that there was truth in those rumors, the fact remains that ABBA would never have been so successful that they were recording only in their native language. If you want to make a call to the largest money market worldwide, then you have to take care of the English-speaking audience. It's amazing for me that such a small island on a stone far from the European continent could have created perhaps the most recognizable, though not broadly speaking, language in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; Whether it's simply 'healthy' or a common cursing - you'll almost always find an English speaker. Pedro Galindo obviously disagreed, because Trampa Infernal was never titled for global consumption until it was released recently on a budget DVD. It's a real shame, because it's actually a decent slasher movie that's much better than many of its fellow English speakers. The film is launched into a somewhat unknown territory of the dueling pistol. Two unidentified characters are shown to sneak around worn-out complexes looking for each other for the inevitable final billing. After some uncertainty and a couple of failures, one of the pistols is won. Then we learned that they were only paintball guns and two competitors are actually young people from the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are the fiercest rivals and Mauricio always tries to prove he is better than his quiet opponent, but he has not yet succeeded. Later that night, while the winning shooter celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandro and his friend Charlie, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has another challenge for his famous enemy. He says this will be a competition that will once prove the city worthy of utmost respect. Nacho initially opposes him because Alejandra warns him of the dangers of constant competitiveness, but ultimately succumbs to peer pressure and agrees; He's a lot disgusting with his morally superior partner. evil bear. Mauricio proposes that the one who kills the animal can be considered the greatest and promises that it will be the last battle he is leading against his opponent. After visiting the armory to clutter the weapon and ignore the warning of an older guard, the group went to the distance of the distant forest. The hunters are hunted down to learn that the 'bear' actually is to kill a Vietnamese veteran who is still unaware that the war has ended and he considers all people his enemies. What started out as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival because they are being persecuted and slaughtered by an evil killer. I picked up Tramp while I was studying in Madrid from a student from Mexico - For me. I remember that the copy I was looking for was defective and the tape was completed about 10 minutes before the last loans were completed, which meant I never saw the last scene. Fortunately, recently on Amazon I came across a budget DVD and I immediately added it to my collection. Gallind's slasher is a surprisingly good effort that stands out in its wise direction and enthusiastic plot, trying to cover areas that do not usually approach slasher films. It's actually so good to remind me of more than one occasion of the classic Predator Arnold Schwarzenegger. This is especially evident in scenes that show that a gusko-masked killer ran through the woods and chased a panic hull as they struggled to escape the maniac playground. In spite of Gallinda's apparent consciousness of genres (the bogeyman even uses a glove with fingertips a la Freddy Kruegar); The bug also tries to add something different to the standard template. While most of the playing time is played according to the specific rules of the category, the last third announces a significant step in individuality, as the maniac armed with machine guns and the mummy of a hero in his lair for a final bribe. Since then, the film has quickly changed genres and has become an almost action movie, which, depending on your taste, will delight or disappoint you. The last slasher who tried to twist these two styles was that the "Majorettes" from the 1980s came into line, which is not necessarily a good thing. As with many Latin films (especially the Spanish films of Almodovar) and Amenabar), Trampa has a subtle base of morals in her story, which is transmitted successfully, and not in the throat of the spectators. Overcome yourself with the challenges of competitive masculinity and you may not always be a winner. It's a sugar-coated item, but it's worked out enough to keep the fun. The bargain can be cheesy but deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the better later slashers. . The killer looks great in a furious military fatigue and a white Valentine's Day Mask and attempts at the originality of only work. Perhaps he misses the bleeds that are enjoyed by the greatest honest fans of horror, but there is enough in terms of uncertainty and creativity to justify at least one look.
