A brilliant adaptation of the novel celebrated by the relatives of Chilean President Salvador Allende. In the enormous estate that emerged from the ruins, becoming the force of abuse and exploitation of anger, the luxurious property for the welfare of journalist Esteban Trueba and his uninhabited family, the brilliant Danish director Bille August recreates, into a micro, which at that time was the process that led to the greatest shame his stories to the strengthened Chilean nation, whose main character was Augusto Pinochet (similarities to Steven with her are inevitable: recall, for example, that the image of a senator with the dark glasses that remind him of the general to start making the fall te). Bille August attends an exceptional acting iron Jeremy, whose character is changing from arrogance and extreme cruelty, a difficult lesson in life always leads us to almost force us to change. In Esteban, he fully applies the law of resonance, with great wisdom, Solomon describes with these words: "Things that are singers are the same punishment that will serve you." Unforgettable Glen Close the play, Stephen's sister, whose sin, led by loneliness, spiritual and platonic love, was the wife of his cruel snow brother. Mary Streep is also brilliant, a woman whose name came in as Clara's glove. With tele-kinetic powers, cognitive and meditative, this hardened woman, loyal to her dull, conservative husband, is an indicator of the character and self-control we want to ourselves and to all human beings. Each character is a portrait of virtuosity (such as Blanca is worthy rebel leader Pedro Segundo unhappy ...) or a humiliation portrait, such as Stephen Jr., a senator's bastard, which serves as an instrument for the return of the boomerang. The film moves the guts, we reconstructed some facts that should never be repeated, but which are still absurd (Columbia is a sad example) and another reminder that life is against all the wonderful ones because there are always people like Isabel Allende and the immortal are just Bille August.
