Fragile Carne, just before his big period. Although sometimes hesitantly directed and broken by longueurs, HOTEL DU NORD is full of pale charm and beauty typical of French films in the late 1930s, as well as the relative ease of contact that is unusual with this director. All of his great virtues are here: cracked interiors broken by the dragon, complex, tasteful movements of the camera; melancholic application of light and shadow; the incredible, imaginary sets of Alexander Trauner, who are so evocative that they, as the title says, take over their own personality; silent mournful music by Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly random act of romanticism, tragedy and fatalism that throws a hook on their characters; outstanding performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case, Louis Jouvet and Arletti. In fact, the biggest film failure, and I feel stunned (as a person who usually, didactically, minimizes its importance) to recognize it, is its scenario. He has a lot of humor and sophistication, but without poetry and irony, Carnes' associate Jackues Prevert has brought him to his best movies, he can not escape cliches (even if it's just a cliché backwards). Apparently set up in the board, the film sets its idea of ​​opening up a community with two interrelated stories of condemned love, and emotional, metaphysical and actual isolation. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good in being tragic, while Aumont's freshness is brilliantly appropriate, although by nature, by nature, imposes any real, sensual, romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, who, after only a few months, is so desperate that they have to shoot each other. Their high lines are quite unpleasant. Of course, this affair is not conceived as convincing - they are symbols of youth, hope, and opportunities to break up in France, or perhaps France itself, desperate, left, waiting for death. In order for the symbols to be truly powerful, they have to believe in the narrative level, which, I think, is not exactly here. What saves this action is its connection to the story of M. Edmond, a character associated with a great tradition of French gangsters. Although we achieve this only gradually, he kills himself, hiding from the prostitute played by Arlette, after receiving help in his accomplices. In his previous 'role' - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had one set of traits; In concealment he took over their complete contradiction. Living a rather unsuspecting life, he is deeply shaken by the love pact, and becomes fatalist, realizing the insanity of attempts to deceive death. a collection of signs, and that death is an indispensable reality, the most powerful manhood has to undermine - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's killer killers. With one exception, it gives a short hope, a mischief that only strengthens-if it's not too unbearable irony-its fatal determination. All of this could have been banal that it was not really the incredible performance of Louis Jouet. I studied his theater work at college, but this was my first taste of his talents on the screen, and he reveals himself to be worthy of the greats - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving quiet pleasures betting that is more conception he is, of course, allegory) than a real person. Edmond begins a film of a less supportive character, but appears as a tragic hero of some force. Like all those great actors, Jouvet's shine lies in what hides. On a formal level, what is astonishing is Carne's capture, ten years before his bloom, the technique of the great Hollywood melodrames Sirk, Ophuls, Rai and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and clarity of the eyes of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (see masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carnov style really fits his subject - capture, paralysis, resignation. The main motive for the film is water - the loans float and dissolve, the hotel stands along the waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river of possibilities, we have a channel, stagnating and made, nowhere. The film begins to end, and the setting never changes, except for a brief interlude from which both of them escaped the sentenced ones to return. The characters can only escape through death - their capture is emphasized by the narrow spaces they occupy, the walls and frames that hold them in captivity, the windows that look at the escape that they can never achieve. Every hope in the end, therefore, is deep, if it is romantic, compromised.
