Filmed by MGM on the same set as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second portrait of "Anna Christie" has benefited from the practice and its apparent ease with the German dialogue. Garbo looks more relaxed and natural in the direction of Jack Howard Feider than Clarence Brovna, and her film manners are almost gone, making the transition to sound complete. The power it has brought to character remains here, although it has been softened, and Garbo reveals more about Anne's vulnerability. The entire setting, apart from Garba, differs from the previous version of the film, and Garbo does not benefit from the competition with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene in which he was in English version. In Feider's film, Garbo is at the center of attention, although three supporting players, especially the father, have given great performances. Feider was safer than Clarence Brovn and his use of the camera and editing techniques did not seem as limited by the new sound process as was the case with Brovn. The film moves with more fluidity than the adaptation of English, and the static nature of the first film is replaced by a flow that maintains the interest of viewers. Even the cinematography of Villiama Daniels has improved with respect to the recording of the Brovn version. He captured Garbina's luminescence and the atmosphere of the docks with style. Also, the adaptation of scenarios for the European audiences from the very beginning showed that Anina's profession is quite clear, and explicitly explains it to viewers who were not familiar with the idea of ​​what was implied in the film Brovn. However, the film was created before the introduction of the production code, which made censorship confusing. Garb's Oscars nomination for "Anna Christie" was always a bit mysterious, and I doubted that anyone got more recognition of her relatively smooth transition to soundtracks than for her appearance. However, some of the Academy's voters might have seen the German version of the film, and they realized, like contemporary viewers, that its "Anna Christie" under the Feider's direction is certainly worth the Oscar.
