After Garbo's introduction to Clarence Brovn "Anna Christie", Jackues Feider made a German version of the film in which all actors, apart from Garba, were different. While the US version is still available in the US, and most US viewers have primarily seen this version, Germna's "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. After I saw both films, I feel right to compare two closely related productions. Is Jackues Feider's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brovna? In this analysis, I want to focus first on what both films are common in. They have identical sets, very similar scenarios and the same chronological scenes. There is a story about a young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and tries to start a new life. Here you have a funny, though somewhat shorter sequence in an amusement park. However, when I emphasize Garba himself, I deal with the first difference. She does not seem to cause such curiosity as she speaks. The viewer concentrates more on her acting than on the way she talks, which most likely happened to 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good in an American movie and she is also very good here. Still, it seems to me even more original in the German version. It is noticeable that Garbo does not focus on the way he speaks much (the effort artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). Her German language is not very pronounced; but nobody cares: everything is perfectly understood. So, I can easily say the same thing I did in the commentary on the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! Still, the film differs for one very important issue: the rest of the actors. Here are the questions: which portrait looks fascinating, which is safer? Differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garb's lifelong friend, does not work as well as Marie Dressler in the role of Martha Owens. She is not bad, she is different, she sometimes overstates (from today's perspective), but she is no longer so sincere in the role of Marie Dressler, who still entertains us and whose moments absolutely endure the test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garba in the film and that thought, although it seems questionable, of course, carries some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic to Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied to him, it's not a matter of how much his mother looks. Who shines in the German "Anna Christie", is really worth the greatest attention of Hans Junkerman in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a difference compared to day and night. Junkermann shows a real addict to alcohol, a man with hopes, with fears, which exaggerates in caring for his daughter. The scene of Ana's first encounter with her father is truly magnificent, the moment of opening Chris's conversation with Marthi is remembered especially by facial expressions and impeccable performance. Junkerman is Chris whom you love, whom you sometimes laugh, whom you feel sympathetic, which leaves a picture of a peaceful alcoholic sailor in your mind. Great! If you saw the American "Anna Christie" and you have the chance to get the German version, I would recommend this film because it is a slightly different view of the story, a nice and precise way to compare, fine enrichment of the film Clarence Brovna and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a miracle from performance: Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
