The main director of Ching Siu Tung is perhaps the most popular achievement of this series, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. The Chinese ghost story is played by Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend the night during his "gathering" in a mysterious castle in which some strange old warriors fight and meet him. The beautiful actress Joei Wang / Vong is the spirit that lives in that mansion and under the dominion of a powerful demon, a wooden devil that collects human souls for themselves / herself with the help of their wonderful spirits. Leslie and Joey are in love, and although spirits are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break this rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the logger thinks and our protagonists must fight for their lives and their happiness. This film is no less magical than other Ching Siu Tung films. His masterpieces include Duel to Death (1983) and a series of Swordsmen who have incredible visual and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant dark and dark atmospheres, illuminated by the powerful presence of a beautiful and good beloved spirit. Effects are simply taking breaths and doing the greatest power on the big screen. The camera is constantly moving and distorting and adds to the fairytale atmosphere this film has. Likewise, there are plenty of wire cascades, and although some think that they are, and they seem, unreasonable or stupid when used in movies, they can not agree and be considered to give films the kind of magic, freedom and creativity that any other tool can not give. When people fly in these films, it means movies are not just about our world, and usually show things bigger than life with the power of this larger art of life. The story of power Love is pretty touchy and hot, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a little too shallow and occasionally behave inexplicably. Leslie and Joei should write with greater care, and their characters must be even warmer, deeper and more honest in order to give the story more power and make the film even more important and more important achievement. Also, the message of love and its power was slightly emphasized at one point and should have left only the mind of the observer to be interpreted and found. Another negative point of the dialogue is that it is too much and that people in this film talk without reason. This is very irritating and unfortunately it shows the disadvantages that many script writers are doing when writing their movies. People just talk and talk, and everything is there to make everything as easy as possible and so the movie is not too challenging or convincing because it has this free element. Consider only the films of Japanese director Takeshi Kitan; his films have very little dialogue and everything that is in it is necessary because he speaks his things with other means of film and never tells, or makes other characters talk too much in his films. This is just a talent that writers should have to write larger scenarios. Otherwise, the Chinese ghost story is a very beautiful and visually exciting piece of eastern cinema, and the song that plays in The Film is very nice and I hope that it was then given some prize in Hong Kong Film Awards . I give the Chinese story of ghosts 7/10 and without the mentioned shortcomings, it would no doubt be almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
