From time to time comes a movie that raises the tape for every other film in its genre. The film of this caliber will affect many films after its release in the years to come. 'A Chinese Ghost Story' belongs to this category. This is one of the best horror films created during the 1980s; One of the best ever made. Film makers have made a movie that likes every horror. The story is fascinating and original. Zlikovci are appropriately terrifying and terrifying. The sets are creepy and atmospheric. There is even a little blood and blood to satisfy a lover of the house. But do not let the 'horror' mark scare you, if you're not a fan of the genre. This film fits easily into different categories. The scriptwriter skillfully merged genres of drama, comedy, horror, kung fu and romance into the delicious part of the cinema pizza. 'The Story of the Chinese Spirit' is a wonderful epic love story told, fortunately, without free nudity and / or explicit sexual scenes that have destroyed many Hollywood 'love stories'. Those who are discarded from the romantic elements of the story can relax and enjoy fast fingers and 'wires'. If that is not enough, the actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma offer enough witty situations to satisfy your appetite for comedy. This movie offers something for every movie lover. Director Siu-Tung Ching and producer Tsui Hark have made a really incredible role in this film. Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor, but a talented singer and charming physical comedian. I can not imagine a performer other than Cheung who could better present Ling Choi Sin (except perhaps Chov Iun Fat). Joei Wang is enchanting as Lit Su Seen, a poignant spirit that steals the heart of Cheung's character. Her depiction of the title character is really obsessed and unforgettable. Vu Ma is hilarious as a secret taoist who helps young lovers. At the technical level, this film is very impressive, even according to today's standards. The direction is great. I wish that today's Hollywood executives look for talented artists like Siu-Tung Ching, instead of returning to the usual MTV video or Pepsi commercial 'directors'. The camera is beautiful. You have to praise every filmmaker who can make a good movie when most of his key scenes are played on a dead night. Makeup special effects is top quality. In fact, most of the effects of the creatures in this film take away the bad CGI wolf and goblins that have become commonplace in modern horror films. sequences, feature animated film and countless imitations. However, none of the films that accompanied or copied it failed to capture the magic of this classic. This movie is needed to watch any horror fan or just for anyone looking for a great way to spend 95 minutes of your time. 10 out of 10. <br />
