I saw this film in my childhood. And after 10 years I did not remember anything about this film, but I found out that I did not even know how I managed to find out this film. That's my life. My favorite movie of all time. My words will not have the true meaning of what I have for this movie. I'm following this movie. It is a brilliant mix of fantasy, comedy, romance, horror, erotic, terrible and martial arts. The story of the power of love is quite touching and warm. It's a masterpiece of cinema in Hong Kong. Sinnui Iauman is no doubt one of the best stories about the ghosts ever filmed in the movie. Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu-Tung Ching, the story of the Chinese spirit has everything. Ling Choi The son who plays Leslie Chung is a lucky young man searching for a monastery for a dwelling, deep in the woods, a place that the villagers seem very scared to come in. The path itself is dangerous to the wolves, and the crazy Taoist monk lives in the temple. Ling Choi Sin meets with Cing, a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives in an abandoned temple. She is forced to seduce men for her evil mistress, but when she sees the innocent Ling Choi Sin, they fall in love. Ling Choi Son is a kind of fool, but his heart is in the right place, while Tsing tries to protect him from other ghosts in the forest, he tries to protect her from a monk trying to kill ghosts in the forest. There are great martial arts, even a monk entering a drunken song while performing a ritual of the Taoist sword. In the film, many traditional acrobats of old martial films are played, with magic and flying through the air, jumping from tree to tree, with elegant long dresses and scarves, but the movie is truly flowing, and everything is effective. Tsing is married to an evil monster tree, which can not be good, and we feel its disadvantage in her home where we meet her sisters and stepmother who are really not good. In the end, they must fight with a deadly witch, and go with Jin deep into the heart of hell to fight thousands of years of evil to save their souls, and bring Ling's ashes back to her home at makes a grave so that she can have an opportunity for reincarnation. Beautiful story that really pays attention to the details. This movie is in many ways touched, you will laugh, cry and just have fun with great martial arts and cinema. And although in the end, Yin and Ling Choi Sin go to the morning sun under a fascinating debt, we never know if Tsing received a reincarnation, but we know it.
