Until 1987, Hong Kong gave the world films such as 'Meet Spooky Kind' Chov Iun Fat in the John Woo icon 'A Better Tomor', 'Zu Varriors' and the classic Mr Vampire. Jackie Chan had an international success on the video, but with the film "The Chinese Ghost Story", HK cinema had its first true transitional theater hit in the West for many years. Western film cameras have never seen anything. I like it. It was a movie that used various ingredients used by HK cinema for years (flying fencer, wild choreography of martial arts and supernatural) and merged them to make a movie that was unique in its appearance and sense of execution. Forget about the poor and unnecessary sequels that have appeared, this is the original and best. Director Siu-Tung Ching (still best known as Action Choreographer on movies such as Voo's 'Better Tomor 2' / 'The Killer'), under the watchful eye of legendary producer Tsui Harka, has created masterpiece Fantasy / Horror Cinema. And with such a professional team available (no less than six combatant coordinators), the chance that the film will be all just would not be unthinkable. Editing the stunningly fruitful David Woo (who wrote / directed 'Bride with White Hair 2') and edited classic titles such as 'A Better Tomorro 1/2/3', 'Hardboiled' and a cult hit 'The Club') is a simple piece of genius. His creation of perfectly choreographed flying swings for tree fencing makes them one of the best HK movies ever made. Moving fast, unusual, but never confusing, they are today the peak of their art. The cameraman team also did wonders. This is a movie in which each shot is a professional image. Where wonderful blue shades of night sequences, wrapped in an ubiquitous, witty fog, are a breath-taking platform for our story. It's a movie in which everything is used for weaving beauties. Even silk dresses and dresses worn by Hsiao Tsing become living parts of the film, either in romantic sequences or in battle scenes. Even the simple scene in which Hsiao Tsing changes dresses turns into a thing of beauty, because every skill on the set is combined to create the most striking scene from such a simple act. The sets are also incredible, giving the world a second world sense, and the temple and rudeness of the burned, flag the filled desolation of hell for an incredible finale. Zhongven Xi's design design deserves the most praise. Another important factor for the success of the films is the music of Romea Diaz and James Vong. Hong Kong films gave us some fantastic music and songs that have contributed so much to the success of the sequence, but the "Music of the Chinese Spirit" music is simply vital. From the introductory song music becomes as important as the characters. The result is the perfect blend of modern and traditional instruments. Drums, bells and guitars break the action sequences to great effect, but it's in slower, painfully romantic pieces that come into their own. Here; flutes, wires, and female horror effects create as much as possible the finest music tracks that are heard in the HK movie. Add this feminine vocal, stunningly beautiful song that plays through the love of Tsau-shen and Hsiao Tsing (nothing has ever been seen, but the effect is beautiful. This is a kindly innocent movie romance) and you have a great example of the power of a single movie's music . And of course we have an acting talent. Leslie Cheung ('Better Tomorrow 1 & 2' and a very popular singer) is remarkable as an innocent tax collector. His work in (luckily) comic sequences has never been on top, and his scenes with Joe Wang play with only the right amount of passion and innocence. Joei Wang (who will later be canceled to support roles in movies such as Chov Iun Fat / Andi Lau classic "God of Gamblers") has never looked shimmy than what he is doing here. She is a symbol of ethereal beauty. Her portrayal of the tragic Hsiao Tsinga is stunning. She shows her sorrows about what she has become and what she has done to work, but also gives her subtle eroticism in scenes where she takes men to their terrible deaths. The veteran actor Wu Ma ('Mr. Vampire', 'Swordsman') is as fun as a wise, brave, but always so ridiculous, Ian. He treads a fine line between eccentric and boring practiced relaxation. And what could easily have been a character who could hurt the film, is really wonderful and unforgettable. But what about monsters and beasts? I hear you crying. They range from pretty rough but entertaining stop motion / animatronic zombies that inhabit the temple (which resulted in a huge run with continuous attempts to bite the funny Tsau-shen), to a rather syrusing but surprisingly effective Lord Blacko. Completed with an arsenal of malicious flying heads, and quite exceptional wires. Most of them, to this day, have never been at the top. But the most prominent effect and creation is the language of the killer of the wooden spirit. First we meet the 'Evil Dead' effect that speeds up the camera, while the victims are pushed to shoot a deadly French kiss that turns the victim into zombies. But later she was shown in her own crazy glory. It can grow so large and long to shoot through the forest after prey, scatter trees, clutter around buildings and coils, it's a slimy length around people before picking them up and throwing them on the trunk !! It can even be opened to reveal a mouth full of eyes! It's an incredible idea that due to the deep romantic main action should not work. But it has a fantastic and unforgettable effect. So, what all this adds is a classic example of shooting movies in Hong Kong. The real team effort that gave us a really top movie. It's a film full of wit, inventions, actions, monsters, martial arts, ghosts, fantastic ideas, lush visions, beautiful music, and most importantly of its permanent charm, one of the most dynamic cinemas.
