Joan Fontaine here is completely convincing as an amorous beauty that is completely incapable of feeling love to anyone except for herself. Her husband Richard Nei lost all her money through a combination of her insanity and extravagance, all of which is reduced to life in a tiny room, with little or no appearance. They continue to wear the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing is wrong. He's a charming, rude but totally friendly guy. However, Fontaine decides to go because he has overcome his usefulness. So she decided to poison him when she realized she did not want to divorce her, so she could go on. In the meantime, she had a mistress (Patric Knovles), whom she decided to dismiss because she was not rich. He meets the old Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all ornaments and more money than even Fontaine could think of spending. She targets him and decides she will do well. He is too eager to eat a young lady. He is certainly not very exciting and has so much sexual attraction as yesterday's omelet. But Fontaine is one of those girls who have eyes only for money, and the man who stands between her and he is transparent, so that she does not even notice or does not care what she looks like, looks through it and sees what she really wants and goes to it . She continues to oust her husband and sends him in a very neat and satisfactory manner, so everything goes well. But, as always in movies, and sometimes in life, some unexpected things begin to move, and the tension increases significantly, so Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontein is particularly good in the look of the wicked and terrified, and while the network begins to close, its growing sense of despair is tangible and has us on the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear are taken from cold calculations and cunning. But she finds a guy who falls for his crime in the person of her discarded lover, who is an innocent victim of her plan to hide it. He was sentenced to death for murder, because his wife died of unexpected death. But Sir Cedric Hardwick, who played a darkly-appointed Inspector of the Scottish Court, thinks that something might be wrong and he starts to suspect the story and doubt Fontaine. He closes in with her, and some scenes like this are inspired images of the crazier panic. But will the life of an innocent man be saved before he is executed? Will the Fonten get out of this? Will Herbert Marshall protect her in order to keep her in love? The film was professionally directed by Sam Vood, and the film is truly a wonderful tension, which I presume is well-qualified for describing the superior film noir.
