The sea was an interesting film experience. First of all, the overall feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic, and small. Each frame looked like a picture of something inside, something very focused, and not part of a larger picture. It was obvious what we would look at in each frame. The physicality of the set itself contributed to this feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road halved the road, and the small door to the small village was accompanied by small and small basements that served as objects that made the whole city. Even the view of the ocean was framed by a small landing on which can be counted the number of longer grasses swinging in the wind. No panoramic views. Actually, he reminded me of the Montmartre sequence of Moulin Rouge, where the camera focused on the windmill and recreated the feeling of a small space where everything is going on. I really could not see how these lines really were delivered, I felt that the actions were excessively melodramatic and meaningless. Why would Kikuno continue to stick to the way he did it when Fusanosuke announced that his upcoming marriage really did not seem true? people did not change so much, and the character Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even if they were busy taking over O-shin's job for nothing, the reaction seemed unusual and unnecessary and disturbing. Another example of strange behavior was when the drunken boy Kikuno appeared and Riosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, the way he got up and mostly climbed the stairs, and the fight that followed the reed was unsatisfactory. It's not that I love the fighting scenes? au contraire ?? but it looked a bit stiff and again, too dramatic. Otherwise, although it was not a wonderful movie to watch, it gave an interesting look to the darker side of prostitution (as opposed to geisha). Unfortunately, it may have affected our expectations of wanton women ("Honey, I'll give you an agreement" comments supported by overburdened actions) and seriously made me doubt that 19th-century prostitutes really acted that way. . But once in the house, the interior works became the most interesting, lively and more realistic and provided a script that I never expected or imagined in my romantic view of Japan in the 19th century.
