'Umi va miteita' was a Labuddy film by Akire Kurasawa for the film: his adaptation of the story of his favorite novel Shugoro Iamamoto to the script he intended to record was his last sign that he left on a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai honors Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of the word into the picture. Set in Japan in the 19th century, the story explores the lives of women from home geisha whose only goal in life is to make money satisfying people. The house is led by an elderly couple who is gifted, and the geisha is an enchanting group of women who know their trade and are proud of their career. Everyone has a reason to turn to the gay life. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has clients of both good and evil who keeps her stories of her higher caste. Oshin made friends with an endangered samurai, fell in love with a gentleman, only to find that he did not have to marry from his caste and leave his pleasure with Oshin to marry a promised fiancé. Oshin's heart is easily folded, but Kikuno and other geeks always always emotionally and physically / monetarally support him. The handsome samurai Riosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters the life of Oshina and develops the first entrusted and loyal relationship with her. Kikuno is burdened with problems, deciding whether to accept the modest love of an old man who wants to marry him, and to deal with a rich but violent client. As long as he sees the sea and the typhoon destroys the house and street of the geisha, Oshin and Kikuno sit on top of the roof and wait for the promised rescue by Riosuke. The way in which the story ends is sacrifice, love, and dedication. The sea looks and finds protection for true love. Kazuo Okuhara is astoundingly beautiful: the night scenes with shiny lanterns and the colorful interior of the geisha are aligned with the re-views of the sea both calm and turbulent. . The play is a bit tense for Edo art, but the characters are well-created and keep the story credible. A distraction that definitely is not something that Kurosawa would allow is an inconspicuous Western music music that sounds like a cheap soap filler, except for isolated moments when authentic Japanese music fascinates the track on authentic instruments. But, in the end, Kurosavin's influence is enough to penetrate this film with his brand of dreamy wonders, which will always retain its significance in world cinema. Builds Harp
