Bellocchio calls this a largely political film, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but it seems more metaphor than reality. Well, almost everything in the movie looks like a metaphor. The revolutionaries, which we see and learn very little, could be mobsters. Outside with the old and new. Andrew's dad, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand for the usual traditional bourgeois values ​​- morally upright, unremitting, clean and neat, thoroughly ritualized. > Giullia, a revolutionary girl, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs a very good reason to support, but is not able to collect the type of commitment required by such an obligation. (I guess here.) Andrea, a young adolescent, seems to be the only guy in a movie that is not in a kind of "careless" way. He respects his father, but he is disobedient. He likes Giuli, or so we suppose, although he is not old enough to learn how to optimally manage his reflexes, but he leaves to appear at school and finish his final exams. His course between these contradictory lifestyles could be described as a "medium". He is a man between, who knows the meaning of gradualism, who can keep his cool while they shout about him. Most of it is compressed during the oral part of his finale when we ask him to translate and comment on an excerpt from "Antigone", which is contrary to the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will. It brings us - no special course that I am aware of - Marushka Detmars. He recalls a cartoon from New York a few years ago. Two nilish horses are deep in the neck, they look at a gazelle that drinks from the bank, and one Nile horse tells the other: "I hate it." She's a good actress. (Let me get this away from the road.) But also everyone else in the movie. She carries with her, in her speech and manner, the rich shine of glittering. And all this comes from the actress, not from the editorial help. Detmars is not as crazy as Catherine DeNeuve in "Repulsion". The walls do not turn to the tires and grow their hands. Instead, we see that she is animated - sometimes too animated. And it gives us shocking shocks when her mood suddenly changes and threatens the way a fever storm is threatened. The critic described her as a fake, but that is probably not the word he asked for. She is incredibly beautiful with her brown brown hair, wide, white, ready smile, impulsive whimpering. And her eyes are like eyes on paintings on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs. Sexy parts are rather erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we've been introduced to the intimidated characters. (It's more interesting to spy on a couple on a honeymoon in the neighborhood than go on moving the skin.) Actually there is not so much sex. There is only one scene of simulated interaction, but the director allows it to play in what is real-time. At least in real time for an eighteen year old boy. And a young man playing Andrea is good, which is necessary, because the movie almost entirely depends on him and Giulia. They have to wear it and work. If it were not for their performances, I'm not sure it would be so interesting or wonderful. It could easily turn into a rather slow, boring romance. Values.
