Ah, yes, blockbuster. Take one such concept, place it in the script, and insert it with every special miraculous effect that Holliveird magicians can conjure up, then round up the usual suspects: hot up and down, have-bees, we want to be and never wake up, and all of them We put in roles of different sizes in front of the unstable eyes of the cameras. And I hope to tell you that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. Leave it to the Bok Office bishops to finally apply the concept to horror films, as was the case with the post-EKSORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL. The novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try one of the scripts of Ira Levin ROSEMARI'S BABI for the creepy (and ultimately Satanic) neighbors in New York stone. The result was a controversial bestseller who claimed to have bordered on plagiarism, and the equally controversial, top-heavy / old vehicle written and directed by Michael Vinner of DEATH VISH, but for many other disturbing reasons. Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) is playing the successful Alison Parker model, which is quite overburdened and over-done, (I will not add "overpaid." I mean, it's a model, so that would be superfluous), not just her 24 / 7 schedule, but also her persistent, 'vanna-get-married-right-NOV' boyfriend Michael (Chris Sarandon from DOG DAI AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.IG film LIPSTICK). One of the ways in which she decides to try to escape is to move to her place; a large, beautiful brown stone in Manhattan, which is able to get cheaper dirt, (this should have been a GREAT red flag - a cheap real estate in New York!), from the mysteriously-acceptable broker Miss Logan (Golden Age Avery Gardner) Fresh from the Storm drainage in Earthquake.) Things at first glance look good, but ah, that ... then there comes a noise and a loud knock from the apartment on the floor at night. And what about REALI's weird neighbors like Gerde (Silvia Miles) and Sandra (VERY early Beverly D'Angelo), good "unique friends" (read: lesbians) living together, and kindly old Mr. Charles Chazen (nice crazy Burgess Meredith), which may be a little too worried about Alison's well-being? And we should not mention other pseudoboid accomplices (You will never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black-and-white cake" again without the desire to laugh with your nose and maybe vomiting at the same time). Especially the old blind priest who lives in the Penthouse ... Things really start to descend when Alison's transformed nightmare turns into a horrible murder (in one of the scariest colors), and Alison and Michael, with the help Alison's BFF, Deborah Raffin, begins to hear a puzzle that reveals the dark brownstone origin, as well as the killer plan of other inhabitants of the world, not to mention Alison's relationship with them, it turned out that it was all just by accident. Although there is nothing controversial about the overloaded cast, which seems to have every actor of different genres looking for work at the time, (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, MartinBalsam, Eli Vallach, John Carradine, and even early appearances by Christopher Valken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) Vinner and the company returned with bombastic bases and pulled "Tod Brovning" ... by enlisting the real physically challenged actors to appear in the SENTINEL's climax of all-and-all-going-in- Hell sequences, which I think any direct director would do, finding d and is unable to access Lindy Blair and the case of a green pea soup. This definitely leaves you with arctic fingers that play your spinal cord like a citra, knowing this juicy little candy information while watching. There is also a technique for which the filmmakers have just started to return: live on-set makeup and special effects that do not include CGI, (which did not exist at that time). <br /> <br> SENTINEL has that kitschy, late cheese factor from the seventies, but it succeeds to change from time to time with some moments that cause a sigh, such as the one mentioned above, without mentioning that sense of fear that It's easy for the horrible writers to play, isolate and stuff that go into the night and scream. After all, what was the person living in a big city did not lie in the bed in the dark and listened carefully to the sounds of what was "SUPERIOR" to "hide the building"? Konvitz followed THE SENTINEL with the inevitable continuation, GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the supernatural thriller Villiam Friedkin), which was never adapted for the screen. = sigh of relief =
