Michael Vinner is probably best known for his revenge films, such as "Death Vish" and "Chato's Land," but is as bold as the director of an occult film about horror, as 1977 Sentinel proves. "Sentinel", based on the novel by John Convits, who also wrote the script, is a smart and immensely gruesome religious cooler that no lover of occult horror should consider to be missing. The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemari's Babi", "Exorcist" or "Omen", but, as far as I'm concerned, it's as easily as disturbing as these wider praised films, and probably even creepier. Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young Nev Iork model. Traumatized by events in her past and is still unwilling to marry her lawyer (Chris Sarandon), Allison is searching for a flat, and finds a great, incredibly beautiful, also affordable, in an old villa in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes with a bunch of very strange other tenants. And the evil new neighbors soon become more than a little disturbing Alice ... This may not be an adequate synopsis of the action, but I would not like to ruin any of the big films of this movie, so I will not give any more detailed description. What I will say is, however, that "Sentinel" is a very dreadful and effective movie that benefits from a great actor, as well as often bizarre and incessantly strange atmospheres. The fact that the director Michael Vinner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly has an impact on the outcome. The film was imaginatively photographed, and the dreadful old Brooklyn villa is a fantastic setting for this type of film. As already mentioned, the atmosphere is unclear and creepy, and the film includes several shock moments and real fears. The film contains many evil and eccentric characters, and the actors are excellent. Beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, lovely and yet on the very edge of the loss of the mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and the accompanying composition includes many great names, such as Christopher Valken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before they became really famous. The cast includes starring Ava Gardner, John Carradine Horror icon, Burgess Meredith, and my personal favorite, Eli Eliak as a cynical killer detective. For a long time I was a big fan of Michael Winner, mainly for films such as "Death Vish" and "Chato's Land". "Sentinel" is another great film in the winning repertoire, and also proof that a man is not only a master of a sharp film, but also an atmospheric occult horror. All in all, "Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent and stunning bizarre occult cooler that is recommended to all fans of horror!
