The role of the director / writer Michael Winner is better than the expected unusual supernatural horror film (although he is still successfully caught), which really remains unnoticed. He can certainly borrow ideas from other similar thematic horror films from this period, but he still manages to bring his psychological imprint to the smokescreen material (good against evil) and a unique vision that has a fair division of impressively expansive, although somewhat exploitative sets. On the whole, this is undeniable, but it remains intriguing by pervading a malicious charge without going into gangs with fears. In fact, something is always happening in its hurry, but it's rather embarrassing with its shocks that manage soap-like patterns and atmospheric tailors, to a vivid repulsion and a terrible climax with poor discovery. The winner's trained craftsmanship can be felt as a pedestrian, although the actor's ensemble is the one that really holds it together? while trying to spot faces. There is a lot of things. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them has been committed, despite the crazy crude nature of all that. It's interesting to see names such as Silvia Miles (which is pretty scary!), Beverly D'Angelo (same), Deborah Raffin, Eli Vallach, Christopher Valken, Villiam Hickei (pure comedy), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger. parts. Then you have a gentle Chris Sarandon and a little wonderful Cristina Raines. Offering support to Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script casts around many characters, as well as concepts, but becomes a disjunct side side trying to get everything pushed. However, disorientating air works to its advantage in determining suspicion and deception of what is really happening here. Is there a reason for all this and why is it related to Raines's character? The emphasis is largely built on this wacky corner, as it slowly starts to cast light on its inner flows and on the strange / worrying experiences it encounters when it enters its new apartment. Here Vinner is trying to get rid of the nuances that project some icebergs. Gil Melle was responsible for a huge, powerful orchestral score that never missed the mark, and Richard C. Shortcut is an instrument for photographing.
