This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from a lack of production and excited, amateurish direction, but is nevertheless incredibly tempting. Unlike shocking horrors such as The Ekorcist, this movie leads the viewer to slow, but mercilessly immersing into the pool of evil. It spreads into horror, which shuts the audience with the same dreamlike power as the morning poor girl who was unconsciously chosen to be the next guard. Her task is to sit at the door of hell and prevent evil from escaping into the world. This falls on her in repentance over attempted suicide earlier in life. The story is true to the book, which was the riveting, but the way it is edited can loose the viewer. In the shop, there are subtlety that is shaved and never explained in a satisfactory way, which hurts this film. It's a pity. Sentinel is not a type of movement in the seat. It's more embarrassing to look-and-distort. As a bad car wreck, there is a need to look even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not all bad, and there's still a shock. The actors were competent. Christina Raines was enchanting as Alison, a vulnerable girl under a spiritual attack on both sides, a pawn in the endless struggle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was as good as her caring, but eventually a self-centered boy. Eli Roland and very young Christopher Walken are detectives who are trying to discover the bizarre puzzle they got. Ava Gardner is elegant, because the real estate agent is not aware of the horrors that lie in her property. The skinny old man John Carradine, with his twisted hands, is as good as a dying guard who must be replaced. The devil are charmingly run by Burgess Meredith; It's so cute, and yet so evil. In this film, the future stars are hidden: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum are friends of a poor girl, and Jerri Orbach successfully plays against a typical television director. The bloody souls are finally shown on the real sides and freaks. Whoever thought it was a weird but brilliant genius. The horror that permeates the film suddenly gets excited, like when Alison opens the door and finds something that causes reflection when she finds her father. with two whores. She resuscitates her first suicide attempt, confronts a couple of strangely dysfunctional lesbians and sees a cat cut like a cake. Over and over again, it pulls back and forth through reality and fantasy, through dreams and awake nightmares, until it has the means to bear. True, the devil is trying to get enough of his madness to kill himself before he becomes the next guard. Will it succeed ...? In short, slow, but indescribably creepy, well-acting, but poorly directed, and a very typical 70-year horror movie before the shockers get released. This film may not work for those who have a short range of attention, but it can still send spins in the spine, and can still provide a certain shock value. An unusually attractive and funny saucer in the realm of evil remains.
