This is one of my favorite horror films. It is a rich, classical production featuring an excellent acting team, beautiful on-site cinema, a fun music party, an intelligent theme of the novel and an atmosphere of fear and threat. It resembles classic movies such as ROSEMARI'S BABI and THE SHINING, in which young, endangered women are found in the victims of supernatural powers in old, dreadful buildings with a terrible past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays the top model of New York named Alison Parker. Her happy, outgoing exterior masks a deeply troubled and disturbed soul. This is testified to by the discovery that in her past she attempted to commit suicide twice as a teenager after joining her degenerate father who was pounding in a bed with two women, and after that he collapsed a silver crucible from the door and threw it on the floor. and the second time, after the wife of her married lawyer, the boy allegedly committed suicide after she found out about their affair. Speaking to his beau (who plays appropriately the servant of CHRIS SARANDON) that he has to live alone, a year, he responds to a newspaper ad for a fully equipped, spacious one-bedroom apartment in the old Braonlin stone. This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace right from the Brooklin Heights promenade from Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, paying the inhabitants for their inconvenience, of course. The real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in taking Alison's apartment - an interest that can not be explained exclusively by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when you quickly lower the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400. Alison agrees and when she leaves the building with Miss Logan, she notices that the older man is sitting and obviously staring at her from the window on the highest floor. Miss Logan identifies a man with her as Father Halliran and says Alison is blind. Alison's answer is very logical - "Blind? Then what is he looking at?" After moving, Alison introduces some of the other residents in the building, including a lesbian couple playing SILVIA MILES and BEVERLI D'ANGELO, who give Alison an unpleasant welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to deteriorate and she is affected by the splitting of headaches and fainting. When she passes her concern to Miss Logan that her sleep is disturbed on a night-time basis, sparking metal and loud footsteps coming out of the apartment directly above her, she is amazed to find that apart from the blind priest and now herself, nobody lived in that build in the last three years. Calling on the courage of one night to face the night torturer, she is armed with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment on the floor. She faces the shadowy spirit of her dead father and uses a knife in self-defense when she comes to her. The police are investigating and finding no signs of violence in this apartment - there is no corpse, no blood, nothing. However, Alison escaped from the building and collapsed on the street, covered with blood - alone, as it turned out. But there is no sign on it. What Alison does not realize until the film is revealed is that she had a purpose in that brown stone. She was there for a reason - the reason originating from the Biblical story of Eden's garden and angel Uriel who was placed at the entrance to guard him from the devil. The Catholic Church unconsciously prepares and prepares to take on the most important role - one that will guarantee that her soul, who is damned for two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, "invisible" neighbors, which are more than just strange freaks, have a different plan for it. It is a competent and intelligent film that surprisingly displays the Church and its representatives in a mostly cute light.
