I'm not sure why this little film was driven into the dark, despite some pretty stupid events; Sentinel is a clever and inventive horror film that most praised stories about the ghosts of today give more than a race for their money. Michael Vinner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and this is constantly shining with this film; but it must be said that the film works in spite of its non-inspiring direction and the fact that Vinner somehow managed to round off an incredibly incredible talent more than it compensates. The action is rich in mystery and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her hunt for the apartment. She found that she can not afford most of the real estate she looks for, but thinks her luck has changed when she found a fully equipped apartment at an affordable price. Her problems begin soon after moving, because she does not like her neighbors ... and this problem is increasing when her real estate agent says she has only one neighbor; An elderly blind priest on the final floor ... The list for the actors is truly wonderful, with a relatively unknown Cristina Raines who leads great support. Chris Sarandon is a little wood in his role as opposed to Raines, but in small parts for John Carradine, Eli Vallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Valken. Michael Vinner does a good job with his central location, as the housing block provides a creepy and creepy environment for the story. The film is a bit slow, but it's never boring; and the screenplay by Michael Winner provides a surprise that is almost impossible to hit from an offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar terrible disputes, this does not go for money early - but unlike many, the ending is definitely the climax of how Vinner is doing everything to shock the viewer, and if the rumor that he used the real people of strangeness are true; I must say that it works well! All in all, while this movie can be pure hokum, no matter how you watch it; Sentinel is one of the best films of this type, and is definitely the main accent of his director.
