Sigh ?? I honestly wonder why all the acclaimed and supposedly deep critics hold such an insult to director Michael Winner? Certainly he is not the avatar of subtlety, because his films are virtually always stubborn and confronted, but then what? They're terribly entertaining. His most famous action movies, such as the first three in the Death Vish series, are, for example, a lightweight target for alleviating, allegedly celebrating violence and personal use of rifles, but even when Vinner takes over the mature cinema genres ?? like the religious horrors of "Sentinel" for example? he has no chance with any of the critics. "Sentinel" caused some controversy and aroused several people after its release, when it leaked that Michael Vinner threw genuinely deformed and handicapped people to portray creatures trying to cross the gates between hell and earth. Almost the same contradictions have caused Todd's Brovning masterpiece and landmark in the horror cinema "Freaks" to remain banned and invisible for more than thirty years! And why? Just because certain prudent and easily offended people who do not even have to watch a movie claim to be unethical? I suppose that Michael Vinner or Todd Brovning did not keep these people under the threat of a weapon or forced them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another major reason why critics did not warmly welcome "Sentinel" is because it is a novel by Jeffrey Conwick? and thus the scenario of Michael Winner? is very well derived from other contemporary but more successful religious thematic horror stories, and thus, by the merciless pens of the horror, a little more than pure plagiarism. However, "Sentinel" borrows several important elements from "Rosemari's Babi", "The Omen" and "The Ecorcist", but we are faced with the 70s, which largely succeed in stolen formulas and imitate success stories. If you overlook a little unoriginal concept and, in its fairness, a handful of fundamentally confusing and unnecessary backgrounds, "The Sentinel" remains a unique atmospheric and often extremely cruel 70s horror with an impressive ensemble and night sea pictures. Alison Parker, an enthralling model with some untreated mental trauma, is moving into a stunning brown stone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her boyfriend Michael, who suggested that he marry her several times. Alison's physical existence and, in particular, her mental state drastically change soon afterwards, and the villainous apartment looks like the root of every misery. He meets the eccentric neighbors and attends cats' birthdays, although the landlord claims that she and the blind priest are the only tenants. She is often downplayed during her work assignments and has a really nasty vision of her bastard and the night she attempted to commit suicide. It slowly becomes clear that Alison was chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose in this apartment building, but at the same time malignant forces are trying to prevent it. It's really regretting how promotional inscriptions, and even the short synopsis on the back of DVD, immediately reveal that Alison's brownish apartment is the earth gateway to hell itself and that she was chosen to keep it because the film scenario slowly evolves towards this shocking film . Revelation. Almost 75 minutes (and through some sad and long-lasting sequences) Michael Vinner successfully maintained the impression that Alison's own thoughts play tricks with her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her fiancé are strictly red herring. Multiple scary scenes are quite close to genius, such as Alison's reflection or her first acquaintance with the priest above. The whole peak, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned here, is literally confusing the show of pure terror and one of the most unbelievable and unusual disclosures I've ever seen. collection is deeply impressive, especially since "Sentinel" remains a legitimate horror film, and this genre is not the most popular among prominent actors, but of course you have to put the list in perspective. With such an extended role, it is obvious that several roles in the film are more than a kameya. For example, Martin Balsam and John Carradine appear on the screen for only a few minutes. A few others (such as Christopher Valken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) might add a lot of fame to the film today, but as they were published, they were still unknown to attract curious spectators. My personal choice for best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as an unusual neighbor and Eli Vallach as a satirical police inspector. Relatively unfamiliar Cristina Raines makes an excellent job carrying a movie, and Chris Sarandon is neatly supported, although she has sports mustaches. In my humble opinion, "Sentinel" is an incredibly entertaining and terrifying horror film, and certainly must be seen as the fanatics of a true genre.
