New York model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) rents a room in an old brown stone where she meets several bizarre neighbors and experiences some ghastly hallucinations. As boy lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) tries to ask for her, she struggles to maintain common sense (not to mention her will for life), because her experiences affect her physical, mental and emotional health. I do not want to spoil better moments in this psychological horror movie for those who do not know him. The story is interesting and fun, but the film does not offer much in terms of real fears. Or, in any case, any atmosphere. It's kind of quietly mean, but it's not like a traditional horror movie. It's more of a story about women's troubles trying to deal with the growing unreality in her life. At that level it works, but it is not strong enough. The "Sentinel" * offers some attractive pieces (especially fascinating, incredibly creepy climax, and there's a scene with Beverly D'Angelo that must be seen to be trusted). You can also see some worse, but not much. The notorious musical score Gile Melea contributes to the danger. No review of this film would be complete without an assessment for filmmakers who would bring together such good actors for the acting ensemble. Some of them do not work too much, but it's impressive to see it all together. Eli Vallach and Burgess Meredith make the greatest impression as, for example, a stubborn detective and a caring neighbor. Other legendary names are Jose Ferrer, Arthur Kennedy and Ava Gardner. Future stars like D'Angelo, Christopher Valken, Tom Berenguer, Jeff Goldblum make short appearances, and other celebrities are Jerry Orbach, Silvia Miles, Villiam Hickei and Martin Balsam. Whoever has been the director for this film deserves some sort of reward. Written for the screen of director Michael Winner, probably best known for the series "Death Vish" he made with Charles Bronson, from the novel by Jeffrey Conwick. I would not consider it to be a really great horror thriller, but it has its moments and it's reasonably fun. 7/10
