Minor Spoilers Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a successful top model, lives with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in her apartment. She tried to commit suicide twice: the first time she was a teenager and saw her father cheating on a mother with two women in her home, and then when Michael's wife died. Since then, she left Christ and the Catholic Church. Alison wants to live alone in her apartment and with the help of the real state agent, Miss Logan (Ava Gardner), finds a beautiful furnished apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rent. She sees a strange man in a window on the last floor of the building, and Ms. Logan informs that it is Father Francis Matthev Halloran (John Carradine), a blinded priest who lives alone with the support of the Catholic Church. Alison moves to her new place, and once she gets visitors: her neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) greets her and introduces her to her new neighbors. Then, he calls Alison on his cat Izebel's birthday in the night. The next day there are strange things with Alison in her apartment and her health. Alison is looking for Ms. Logan and is informed to live alone with the priest in the building. Further investigation shows that all the persons who knew her in the party were dead criminals. Scared of the situation, Alison hugged Christ again, while Michael explored the nasty events. Alison realizes that she lives in the gate to hell. Although it is underestimated in the IMDb User Rating, 'The Sentinel' is one of the best horror films ever. I saw this film at least six times, for the first time in the '70s, at the cinema. On September 7, 2002, I bought an imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie again. Even after so many years, this film is still excellent. The angry and creepy story is scary even today. The face is a constellation of stars and starlets. At the beginning of the career you can see many actors and actresses who have become famous. Lovers of horror films certainly adore the 'Sentinel', and I am one of them. My voice is nine. Address (Brazil): 'Sentinel of the Damned' Obs. I saw this movie again.
