This is the first of two parts of the reverse story of the conflict between machinery and humanity in the world of Matrix and it spectacularly delivers a combination of observations on the fear of a man of unknown and usurpation with politics, extensive religious and historical images, undermining the expected views of the involved parties and at least partially convincing the scary vision of our near future. it is not perfect, and some plots and pictures are both obvious and fictitious, but they have the desired effect and influence and tell the story of caution. This first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoid, to serve people who perform manual, unskilled jobs, workforce, construction, etc. and so the population became lazy and defamatory towards them. one robot, however, rebelled and killed his owner, stating in his later trial that he simply does not want to die. it is destroyed, but when the destruction of the robot mass is ordered to protect mankind, many robots rise in protest, with many human sympathizers next to them. The images are here exploitative, a story of racial disorder and ill-treatment, the Tiananmen square, the Holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a masculine human girl who is upset, stabbed in the head, and then murdered while advocating for "I I'm real ". lying on the ground, clothing and skin rustling and chest hanging. this is an obvious and obscene image designed to show the human fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression toward groups based on actions of individuals. In any case, this first part is similar to the compressed version of the film I Robot, but it soon turns into a recognizable Matrix feedback story while the surviving robotic contingent is expelled and collected in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization until the narrator informs us. There, the machines are regrouping and starting to produce new AIs and produce massive technology and trade with human nations. we see a car advertisement that uses circular energy engines used by ships for rebels in movies and we see sentinel-type robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their goods and trade lead to their economy growing and affecting other economies harmful, and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response. machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve similarities with the UN congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade, but they have been forcibly removed and the scene is set for war in the second part. The animation is in a 4 ° C studio that works on several Animatrix and is challenging and visually stimulating, making different scenes such as prefabricated images, CCTV recordings and specific import scenes that are recognizable and altogether presenting the story perfectly. the shop may not be an original concept and can rely on simplified sheep's mentalities and plot patterns and resort to provocative material for the impact, but after the tempting mystery offered by the first film and Morpheus's short information dumps, this is a nice exposure of cataclysmic events that left the world devastated and in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and as a means of many observations and comments on human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating effects of conflict and prejudice, topics that are re in the movies.
