It was the first thing that came to mind when I watched the final credits for Europe appear on the screen, I never saw a film of such a technical genius in my life; the visual images of Europe are so impressive that every movie and watch in its awake state will only pale in comparison, forget about Michael Bai, Ridlei Scott slick Hollywood cinema, Europe has more ethereal beauty than anything the two could imagine in a million years. Now I would be the first to invite Larsa von Trier the genius behind his films "Breaking Waves and Dancers in the Dark", but this is stupid, the fact that Europe has long been uninvited by film professionals has been a crime against cinema for so long Excessive rubbish like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is beautiful purifies at the Academy Awards (but what they know) Europe is hidden, away from video stores and (until recently) any British TV channels. The characters in Europe are not MTV glows; this is not a case of style in relation to a substance, it is more a case of a dictating style. Similar to his first movie Element of Crime, von Trier uses the perspective of the protagonist to attract us into his world, and similarly to Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, we are the audience) to be hypnotized. As we move a series of tracks, the voice of Narator (Mak von Sidov) counts us in deep sleep until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three cameramen to pay for conventions of time and images, there are many scenes in Europe when the background figure, in black and white, interacts with a person in the foreground that will be in color, von Trier is trying to show us how much a priority is for the subject or person in color over the action, for example, it's no surprise that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is colored because he is the only character whose actions have superiority over the film. The performances are good, they may not be at the level of performance in the later Trier movies, but it's just because the pictures are sometimes so confusing that you do not really pick them up for the first time. But I would like to point out the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the lead role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by the two opposing sides, until it breaks into the final act of the film. Again, such as the "Element of Crime", the film ends so our hero can not wake up from his state of the nightmare, left in this terrible place, with only the continuation of von Sid's narrative to seal his fate. Europe is a huge movie and I can not think about the injuries von Trier abandoned this mode of filming, because he was obviously one of the most talented visual directors working at the time, Europe, just like the rest of his cinematic cannon. is filled with rich iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and the mise-en-scene is unmatched, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But as his unusual melodrames turned out to be the Breaking of waves and dancers in the dark, then it can be discussed, but it seems to be a loss of imaginative talent. 10/10
