The prisons are not very well known for their kindness and "happy vibrations," with stories of battles, chaos, killings and, of course, extreme male ties! But the prison in this film is a completely different beast. Films of horror in the cells are, as you probably know, nothing new because they are exaggerating and exaggerating the fear of claustrophobia and the impossibility of escape? the two biggest themes in horror cinema. With such examples as THE WALL (Valdermar Korzeniovski, 1988), GREEN MILA (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, the whole genre of exploiting women in prison, another entry into this niche will be inventive and fun to lift to be recognizable. Or at least you think so. CLOSE is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it's a bit embarrassing that it's not as well known as it should be. Film, in short, focuses on the old prison (good, ghost!) that is reopened. However, not only the prisoners and guards prisoners have to fear, but also the soul of the spiritual spirit with only one thing in mind; death! And the boy, are we treated with some terrible scenes of death! I will not ruin anything here, but there are many innovative and pleasant murders that all invisible hands are doing. Apart from special effects and killings, this movie has one more thing to do; It's cast. Headlining, we have Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for all those who are so inclined that he is naked) whose performance is not only very convincing but done with such skill that his isstvud -The sketch figure is both bad to bone and cute (very delicate mix). Add it to actors acting "hey-wait-minute-I-know-to-guy" and you've got one big set of stars. The characters themselves, however, do not have three-dimensionality and often appear as very stereotyped. We have a black okulist, a stubborn prison director, a woman activist for human rights and many other characters. But honestly, this "mistake" actually helps the movie. Instead of boring character development in a long lasting balance, we are more or less thrown directly into action and when it starts (very early), there is no scene that is filled? It's a ball for the wall. Unlike a certain SHAVSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! By sharing the convention with a slasher genre, this is sometimes the convention itself and, in the good tradition of the genre genre, THE PRISON punishes those who are bad. All in all, this is a great little horror. a film and one that, unfortunately, is overlooked and not mentioned among the horror world. With great cast and great special effects and original death scenes, this film is recommended for horror fans. Do not be fooled and thinking that it will be a cute movie, just because it was made in the US in the 1980s, it's far from the cheese (although I'm ending it) and, at the same time, far from the big and the real (it's trying to deals with issues such as rape in prison, they are pretty subtly done). I give it 3.5 out of 5 lions. A very fun horror movie with very nice touch.
