2003 was seen as the Matrix Year, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that is actually associated with the film's complication. A DVD of 9 short animated films, mostly written and made in Japan, made as Anime, was also released. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these short trousers are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of the predecessor of the first Matrix movie. Another Renaissance is made as a historical file. It talks about how people made machines in their own way. People live a high life while machines are strict, workers of society, second class citizens. In 2090, the machine, BI-66ER, was put on trial for murder, after killing his owners who wanted to disable it. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots begin around the world. The governments of the world order to dismantle the machines. Many machines are leaving human society and forming their country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations, forcing them into an economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and the refusal of a peace machine, and therefore the people who were responsible for the war that enslaved them. sets an extraordinary world. This shows how the machines were abused and that humanity sowed seeds of its own destruction. There is a political and social world, and short speeches in a short time. Short parts of the theme and style in the classical silent film Metropolis, partly the beginning of the underworld. These are the topics of slavery, maltreatment of the working class and racism. The abbreviation also has some religious themes and religious iconography. In general, people perceived themselves as God and created machines in their own way. Looking at yourself as a legitimate masters of machines. Machines also use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in the "cradles of human civilization" and machines that come to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The scenery is great, combining futuristic with historical cities, e.g. Washington DC .. There is a good future scene and surprising violence, which is crucial for the film. The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good accreditations for Hollivood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to lead a story. The only real appeal is an error in the continuity of the first Matrix movie because Morpheus mentions that people do not have historical records or who knows who started the war. But that's a good watch.
