What we have here is a striking piece of low-budget horror with a relatively original premise, an actress filled with familiar faces and one of the most compelling shots in the history of horror films. Well ... can anyone tell me why this film is so underrated ??? "Prison" is an American debut of Finnish director Harlin, who is still considered his best effort, although he continued to make hits like Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea. The story takes place entirely in an ancient prison in Vioming, which is reopened due to an excessive population in other, more modern state penalties. Inside former executions, the restless spirit of the last victim of an electric chair still resides in the surrounding area. The manager Eaton Sharp (Lane Smith), now promoted, was there 40 years ago, when this innocent man was killed, and the spirit still remembers his evil roles in a dishonest trial. It looks like the time has come for vengeance. Viggo Mortensen plays a good car thief who must prevent an even larger number of bodies, and Chelsea Field is a humane social worker who slowly reveals secrets from the past. "Prison" contains more than half a dozen unforgettable things. above sequences, but it's an unbearably tense atmosphere that will be safe for you! Unlike any other terrible picture of that decade, "Prison" has an amazing feeling of realism! In that, I mean the authentic scene and the mood inside the walls of the prison, of course, not the supernatural murders that have been committed ... even though they are really disturbing. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and difficult prison-drama sequences in combination with visual chaos and shocking horror. Absolutely the best moment of terror (giving me the nightmares since I saw it at a pretty young age) focuses on the grizzly battle of death involving the barbed wire. Haunting !! The scenario has only one draw, but this is common ... almost inevitable, I guess: clichés! The story introduces almost every possible stereotype that exists in a prison environment. We have a ugly, thick pervert with his 'sweet' toy, a cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ?? naturalli ?? an old wise black horse that serves the whole life (did I hear someone calling the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not look at yourself blind to these clichés is my advice, because there are so many other elements that can admire. The photo is dark and damp, the mystery is long-lasting and successful, and the supporting roles of prisoners B-class are great (fans will recognize Toma Everetta, Toma 'Tini' Listera, and even the immortal horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget about Ves Craven's terrible attempt "Shocker" or frankly pathetic "Falun". This is the only prison cooler that is worth following! Especially keeping in mind that Viggo Mortensen is popular today (I heard that he was playing a successful franchise with elves, hobbits and other fairy tales ...) this real 80-year-old horror gem should get an urgent DVD release!
