'Adventures of Barry McKenzie' began life as a satirical comic strip in 'Private Eie' written by Barry Humphries and based on the idea of ​​Peter Cooke. McKenzie ('Bazza' for his friends) is a long, loud, Australian who wears two hats and whose two main interests in life are sex (despite having never had) and Fosters Lager. In 1972 he found the way to the big screen for the first of two excursions. It must have been tempting that Humphries was cast as 'Bazza', but he wisely left the job to Barry Crocker (he later sang this television soap opera 'Neighbors'!). Instead, Humphries played several roles in the right Peter's Sellers mode, especially Bazzy's passionate aunt "Edna Everage" (that was before she became Ladies). You know that this will not be the 'Importance of Being Ernest' when censorship classified NPA stands for 'No Poofters Alloved'. I'm advocating Bazzu, a lawyer from Sydney, that he has to go to England to inherit the share of his father's desire to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna, Kuantas caught flight to Hong Kong and then to London. A very efficient customs officer forced Bazz to pay import duties to everything he had purchased there, including a Fosters lager tube full of cases. As he says: "When it comes to you, Poms got the edge on the plaster!". Lukav taksista (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare leading Bazz and Edna first to Stonehenge, then to Scotland. The streets in London are dirty, and their hotel is a cottage led by a neglected landlord (Spike Milligan), who gives Bazzu every twenty minutes. There are some good news for our hero; He meets with other Aussies in Earls Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. What is happening further is a series of comic escapades that lead Bazz to play in his cigarette advertisement, putting a curry on his pants in the belief that this is some form of aphrodisiac, bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as a pervert more class that likes to splash him while wearing a school uniform, Ioung Conservative dance at Rickmansvorth at a charity rock concert where his poem about that pounding (vomiting) almost makes him an international star, and finally to BBC T.V. Center, where he dropped his trousers on a lively speech show led by a crumb of thinking, Joan Bakevell. The fire comes out, and Bazzini's friends come to rescue - they drop Fosters' cans, massively wet in flames. This is far from the later work of Bruce Beresford - Breaker Morant and Driving Miss Daisi. After liberation, critics destroyed it because they were too "vulgar". Well, yes, it is, but it's also great non-P. fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creature, but his desire for life is infallible, you can not help but type. His various euphemisms for urinating ('Point Perci on porcelain') and vomiting ('Technicolor iavn') turned into English without many people who knew where they came from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective who buzzes Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later acting in Rock Rock) and even future artistic director Russell Davies. Continuation - Barry McKenzie keeps his name - came out two years later. At his premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to hit critics who destroyed the first film. Good for him. What certainly was of greater concern to him, there was the release of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. with foreign culture. And she made a ton more money. The song at the end of the loan (performed by Snack Fitzgibbon) is magnificent. You like the line that includes the line: "If you want to send your sister into madness, introduce Barri McKenzie!". It's time to finish this review. I have to go to the queens to handle the unemployed ...
