I pulled the VHS box from my huge collection - many uninvited - and chose a film, based on hi art, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison had this unusual look of the 80's. I sat down and watched, and behold! and behold !, we discovered that sometimes we really remember a movie with pre-created expectations in mind. Fortunately, I quickly reversed my own and soon realized that I was sitting not only in the movie, but also a pretty good movie. Prison tells the story of an old, lonely prison that opens again to save on budget problems. It looks creepy like everyone's empty and filled with prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. A story using prison as a central setting speaks of a prologue about a man who was killed by an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - who destroys the cross before sending a man to his Creator. Then we are going to this day, first with the government's board at a meeting that decided to open a prison and send a nice doctor to make sure that the conditions are acceptable as he vigorously campaigned against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see a new warden, Lana Smith, who is being hauled by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison where she was not for years. Well, the rest is as follows: prisoners and guards come with a lot of stereotypes. We are given some characteristic depth and some prisoners are interesting characters. The acting is better than it could be expected if Lane Smith, as always, would work as a job. Viggo Mortenson as a completely different prisoner. Tom Everett, Tini Lister and Ivan Kane are really exploring the boundaries of their stereotyped characters. Chelsea Field is fine as a women's lead. The best performer is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an actor with an underrated character, like Cresus - a prisoner who was in that same jail many years ago when the "man" was executed with some sort of terrible secret. Prison is not the next best thing cut into bread or something like that, but it's definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect of him. I was pretty surprised by the way the director, Rennie Harlin, created a story that is so visually atmospheric. Hane and Harlin know how to make their own scenes, and there are also a couple of overly-extorted scenes - one with a barbed wire was a bit similar to one with all the tubes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. The script is actually much more cohesive than it usually gets from movies like these, partly attributed to Irvine Iablans who wrote the story. You may remember that he came up with the idea of ​​making Halloween scary as a holiday. Here, the delusion of hell is much more terrible than it already is. Give the Prison a break.
