If you are already a fan of great books by Peter O'Donnell on Modesta Blaise from the sixties, you will really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen the film "Modesti Blaise" from 1966, forget it! It was a camp. This is real Blaise's modesty. The story and figure are true to Modesty, which book lovers know and love. It's far from Joe Losei's travesty from 1966, and our Modesty is very serious. Alekandra Staden is pretty good and convincing in the part, and yes, we see her kicking. This probably meant to be the first movie in the series and as such it serves to introduce Modesty, her childhood and days with Loba. Since Peter O 'Donnell has been a creative consultant on film, everything really sounds true. It's even the story O'Donnell talked about how he understood the character exactly as he said. After I read all the books, I enjoyed the movie even more for that. Now that Miramak has kept his property option by Kuentin Tarrentino making this film, I hope to see more than the modesty of the asap story. Especially because the beautiful character of Villie Garvin is the image of Modesty I really live. To this end, I really hope that the film will function well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramak intends to ever distribute a DVD in the United States. I suppose it would not be good in the United States in general distribution. I wonder how Miramak decides where and how to distribute his films. In the story, Modesty was in her early twenties, working at the Louche's casino in Tangier. Flashback sequences are skillfully made and Modestes take from about 9 years, through her teenagers to the present age in the film - around 21-22, I suppose. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us loving modesty, it is already an overwhelming presence in our imagination. Alekandra Staden is credible. It's very skinny, graceful and ready. There are lots of big plans. She has a great face - what's in your head and after the movie is over. According to O'Donnell's illustrator, Romero, Modesty has more fullness than Staden, but I'm ready to overlook it. If Staden continues to play, I think she will mature in it - just as Modesti becomes more powerful and capable of aging. Staden very well conveys Modesty's humor and absolute security. Just go ahead and rent this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen, even though Scott Spiegel directed, full of Tarrentino's touch, great camera movements, lighting and well-executed action sequences.
