Totally tactful, weird (see how a kinky moment appears as a beautiful blonde that acts as a doll for some rich people), meaningless, but undoubtedly very late at night. This untamed French production is a bunch of intricately unfounded ideas and random illustrations of plots focused on its very charismatic stars (if they are somewhat anti-heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They can not really do all that much, especially during a closed, long middle part where they hide in the building during Christmas holidays to break with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But this is when an unusual, intriguing relationship between Delon and Bronson characters is formed. After a manipulative battle of will (and childish games against others), the two of them come to understanding to see that they respect mutual involvement and have mutual respect. This would continue to play another role in the twisted second half of the story with that undiscovered ball. Nevertheless, their encounters early indicate that there is something else, but what we get is indefinable and this is increased by "happening there"? a place that could only make you jump. IEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad to kick it out of the system. Pacing is terribly slow, but moderately measured for this and this looks deliberate to exhaust itself with its nervous, nervous underlined tensions. Watch how the same process is repeated over and over again, and you know that something is not quite right and that the intrigues eventually come to the game. Now everything that is happening feels too spontaneous, but the climax is cursed. A tight, complex script is probably a bit too crafty for its own good, but there are some neat news (Coins, Glass and Liquids) and visual symbols. The direction of Jean Herman is effectively sophisticated and low key, but gets a little artificial and brings an undesirable icy atmosphere. The sound of FKS has more to do than a powerful note than did Frankois DeRoubaik's funky result, which is usually held under the wrapped after its opening. Delon's top drawers (which are quite stable) and Bronson (jovial turn) are solid, and they work at every turn. Bernard Fresson raises the question as an inspector who knows that it is happening more than what is being conducted. An attractive female actress is supported by Brigitte Fossei and Olga Georges-Picot. Cripticalli direless, but the polished crime drama maintains its two leads and some bizarre inclusions.
