Short synopsis This film begins with the release of soldiers from the men's society. One of them follows another with a strange scheme that is repeatedly rejected by others. Later, both are captured in a business building where they want to break the safe during Christmas holidays. Enemy turns into a playful joke, and then in a desperate fight for survival (during the joke, they lose all drinking liquids, so it's really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-oiled torso, they block the hole in the wall and eventually escape? just to find out that they were betrayed and raised by women. One is caught, the other remains free and is not given away from him. The last meeting, the last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, forgive, friend. Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to each other, their attitude towards women is disgusting and marked by contempt. It seems that the whole story has a strong symbolic background, somewhat resembling rescue. It's also very modern. The boss who two men want to let out is in? during ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It's the seat of an advertising house, so there are many fancy posters and wall claddings. The cabinet is also very good. The extremely elegant Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) is of great importance in this movie? perhaps the subtle type of product placement. I can recommend this film only for acting performance. Delon and Bronson really share the best payment, in a way that has made me very fair and sporty. Both make up a significant amount of acrobatics. I've never seen Bronson better than here, he really works - and speaks French completely, with a heavy accent that is bought very missed. And that's certainly the man I'm hearing. (Therefore, the French version is recommended). The police inspector who is conducting them is played by my favorite actors Frank, Bernard Fresson, who was a partner of Gene Hackman in French Connection II. He's the best brain of a police inspector I know. A former actress, Brigitte Fossei, is also very good, as a young artist who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems at first glance. Everyone who expects "old" For those who have a little patience, this will be a satisfying experience, lots of new and original ideas and directorial films, although this is my too brutal and sadistic experience.
