This is the first Jean Renoir Silent movie I watched and maybe right, because it is generally considered his best, except that it was his first major work. All in all, it is a really safe and technically accomplished movie that disrupts the fact that it was only Renoir's other effort. For lovers of directing, there is a lot of interesting indications about future films in Renoir, in particular DNEVNIK CHAMBERMAID (1946) and GOLDEN TRAINER (1952) - in the depiction of the femme fatale of the lower class crazy by various aristocrats who are ashamed of her - but also RULES OF GAMES 1939) - showing that courageous servants behave in one sequence when their masters turn their backs - and the FRENCH KANKAN (1955) - Nana can see how she is going in a scandalous dance at some point. I would personally say that the film makes G. В. for a respectable companion. PABSTA PANDORA'S BOKS (1928), Josef von Sternberg's THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Mak Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in his live recreation of the dirty life of a courtesan. Having said all this, the film was a sharp critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "crazy venture" as Renoir later mentioned later in his memoirs, which not only cost him a personal fortune ( he ultimately relieved the resulting financial burden from selling some of his late father's pictures), but he almost forced him to surrender to the cinema forever! Stylish, NANA is completely different from the Renoir soundtrack and owes a special debt to FIKS LIFE Erich von Stroheia (1922), a film that Renoir really admired - and, on my own, the one that really should cross the throne (ownership of the Cinema DVD and other von Stroheims for 4 years). In any case, the NANA is certainly not without its fault: the intended pace seems to be felt during a generous 130-minute run with some sequences (a horse race around the middle of the point in particular) that takes too long. <br /> <br> The overly prominent style of acting on the screen is also difficult to take occasionally - especially Nena and Raimond Guerin-Catelain of Catherine Hessling, Georges Hugon (one of her various prosces) ... although, technically, they are their characters , ie. actress (who deals with the Kurdish way of life when she is rolled out of the stage) and an immature fuss. However, like Anna Magnani in the GOLDEN TRAINER, Hessling (Renoir's wife at that time, by the way) is simply not attractive enough to be very convincing as the "symbol of elegance" (as the other fan describes at one stage) who is able to capture every man he meets. Other actors in the acting team are "Dr. Sam Caligari, Verner Krauss (as Nanin's most overwhelming devotee, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as originally skeptical but ultimately tragic publisher of Nana) and future prominent director Claude Autant-Lara (written as Claude Moore and serves as an art director here) Muffatov is a close friend, but secretly in love with his abandoned wife! The print I watched - through Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - is, for the most part, gently restored and beautifully colored, which was previously available only on French DVD- u. Based on classical French literature (no less than Emile Zole), it can not help but has been brought on the screen several times, and two of the most important film versions are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atvill and I'm the owner VHS) and Christian-Jakue in 1955 (with Martina Carol and Charles Boier, whom I'm not familiar with).
