I loved this movie. I completely disagree with some (negative) criticisms I've read over the years. This was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! It seemed to be well spent with her role as Chandler Jarrell and that she should never worry about what critics say if they are having fun? and most of his audience enjoyed it! And it was fun to watch because it combined some great fantasy tension with a great comic style. Murphy. You must keep in mind that the 'Golden Child' movie is 'fantasy'? only the imaginative work of magic and wonder in the middle of the 'real' world. During the release of this movie, I worked in a video rental store. This was one of the most popular among our customers. Every time we put this on the monitor, ALL copies we quickly came out with waiting list requests that kept it on hold for months! Everyone who rented him loved him! I was a resident film critic and all my regular clients would ask my opinion before they rented it? This was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my clients so I recommended this to the majority. I really think this movie is Sleeper ?? Maybe he did not do well at the cashier ?? because of very bad marketing? but later it reached its peak in renting and buying videos! (YES, I bought this movie for my video library!). I loved the boy who played "The Golden Child"? J. L. Reate - but after I looked at my profile in the IMDb, I noticed that he never shot movies anymore. It's sad because he definitely had an aura on the screen and could continue his film career. I also worship Victor Vong, who played Old Man (I loved him in his part as 'Egg Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' - 1986). In any case, this was a great movie. The only disadvantages that did not fit into the topic were some of the parts that got more 'adults' in nature? such as Chandler's pretty sexual remarks about the snake lady portrayed as a silhouette. It was funny, but it was not yet synchronized. OK, there were a few suggestive free scenes? They may have been minded day. This was still an adventurous and escapist film that we today need to get rid of all the harsh reality and depressive movement that hits us from Hollywood. Now it's a party!
