I always feel strange and blame what I'm saying (because I'm a pretty well-educated non-teenager), but I really like Olsen twins, and I respect movies they make, although I've never been their target group. "When in Rome" was a traditional Mari-Kate and Ashlei film, complete with foreign trips, accents, motorcycles, romantics of adults as a "B" story, fashion orientation, and even a gag reel over loans. I enjoyed it. "When in Rome" and other Olsen tv films never pretend to be something they are not; Most of the time they are only premiering on the video, and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "Affair for Memory". I want to say that people who watch this movie and expect it to be something different from another Olsen twin, will be disappointed. However, those who are Olsen twins fans will really enjoy. For those of us who watched them from the first "Full House" episodes, it's really great to see them grow into mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographical information, as well as many other films (remember 10 Dovning Street from "Vinning London" and visit to Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?), As well as providing a good, pure entertainment that you can enjoy in your entire family . As long as I feel like I'm on my soap opera, and as far as it can be relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject Olsen twins: to be a fan of Olsen twins, you do not have to be some pre-teenage "valley girl" from California. In fact, this is not actually the target audience. If so, the fashion line of clothing and accessories of MK & A would be run through Gap or some such store, not Val-Mart. "When it's in Rome," while "high fashion" and globe-trotting and two girls from the valley at Cali are appearing, it's not about that ... it's more about inspiring young girls who have the initiative to let them do it. places. If that means setting a movie in a glamorous side city with cute guys on motorcycles, let it be so. This is called marketing - you accept the idea and sell it is attractive. At least they send a good message, even if they look a little superficial. In essence, do not hit the movie until you see it, and then do not knock it until you try to figure out what the twins Olsen do: they encourage young girls to be creative. , intuitive and motivated young women. This film works, I think, just like their other. Kids - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
