* Contains a spoiler because I have to describe some movie techniques, so I'm reading at my own risk! * <br /> <br /> I liked this movie. The use of tinting in some scenes makes it look like an old photo that animates. I also enjoyed the screening of people on the back screen. For example, in one scene, Leopold calls his wife and she is designed behind him, not in a typical split screen. Her face is huge in her back, and Leo is in the foreground. One of the best benefits of this is when young boys kill Ravenstein in a train, a scene shot in almost a political style. , with large facial plans. It reminded me of Battleship Potemkin, this intense permanent style associated with red spraying to convey a ton of horror without much worse. It's the same with the scene when Katharina finds a dead dad in a bath ... you can only see red water on the side. That's one of the things I love with Von Trier, his underestimation of horror, which eventually makes him even more creepy. The use of text in the film was unique, as when Leo's character was pushed with the words "The Werewolf". I never saw anything in the movie. The use of black comedy in this movie was well made. Ernst-Hugo Jaregard is great as Leo's uncle. This leads to the whistle that I got from his role in the Kingdom (Riget). This humor makes it easy to understand the drawing of an absurd anal retention of driver trains against the terrible background of the Second World War and all the chaos. It reminds me of Riget in the way that the hospital manager tries to maintain normality at the end of the first part of the day when everyone is crazy. This shows that some people really forgot about the terrible things that are happening around them. However, some people, like Leo, are tuned, but do not do anything positive about it. The voice that was done well by Mak von Sidov is also fun. It attracts you in a story and makes you jump in Leo's head, which is sometimes a scary place for it. Film leads to the point that one is a coward if they do not choose a page. I see the same idea that was used in Dancer in the Dark, where Bjork's character does not speak for himself and ends up as his destruction. Actually, at one point, Von Trier seemed to me an anti-woman, making Breaking the Vaves and Dancer, but now I know that his male characters are not good! I found myself in the same place at the end of the Dancer, when you seriously want the main character to review their actions, but, of course, they never do it!
