This well-designed and carefully researched documentary describes the horrific case of the island of Chagos, which shows that between 1969 and 1971 they were massively deported from their homeland through the advice of the British and US governments. Anglo-American policy makers have decided to behave in this way because of their perception that the islands would be a strategically vital base for controlling the Indian Ocean through the projection of the air and naval forces. During the Cold War, when most of the newly emerging independent post-colonial states diverge from the Western orbit, it seems that British and American officials seem to consider allowing the islanders to decide on the fate of the island is not a viable option. Instead, they decided to execute a large violent removal of the local population. The film shows that no provision was foreseen for the islanders at the time of their expulsion, and that from the port in Mauritius, where they had been left, the displaced chaos community fell into three decades of deprivation of liberty, and in these new circumstances, surrounded by nostalgia. However, after more than Three decades ago, in recent months (and years), numerous documents from the British public office followed (one assumes that there has been some mistake and that these papers have never been published), resulting in legal complaints by the Chagosian community in Exile they saw British courts that are constantly in favor of the island and the British state. As such, the astounding and worrying conclusions drawn in the film can reasonably be seen as proven. However, the governments of the United Kingdom and the United States have so far not taken any responsibility to return the islands to what the courts have definitively concluded are legitimate residents. This is a very valuable movie for everyone to see, but it is important for the British and the Americans to watch it. To be silent over these facts means being an accomplice in a totally ugly crime.
