Lars Von Trier never lagged behind in testing new techniques. Some of them are very original, while others are best forgotten. It displays postwar Germany as a night train ride. With so many cities lying in ruins, Leo Kesler, a young American of German descent, feels obliged to help in their reconstruction. This is not an easy task because he quickly finds out. His uncle finds him as a night conductor on the Zentrop railway line. His job is to take care of the needs of the passengers. When the shoes are polished, the chalk is placed on the soles. A terrible argument arises when passenger shoes are not chalked in spite of the fact that they are polished. There is a lot of allusions to the German fanaticism of adhering to such stupid details. Railroad travel is like an allegory that represents the procession of man through life with all his temptations and troubles. In one series, Leo goes through the rear carriage to find that they are filled with half starving bodies that seemed to have just fled from Auschwitz. These pictures, which are terrible as they are, are transient as in a dream, each with its own terrible influence is still unconnected. Considering many tenants, it connects a bomb on the underside of the carriage. He returns to his cabin and establishes a connection with his watch. Later he jumps from the train (at high speed) and lies in the cold grass on the bank of the river. Looking at the above stars, he decides that his job is to build and not destroy. After that, while he sees the train approaching a huge bridge, it runs on the speed to board the train and stop the clock. If you want to analyze the situation, this is an impossible task. In fact, it's pretty funny. This can only happen in a dream. It's weird to remember small details like a series of glass hanging on the hooks and raising the train. In spite of the fact that this film is widely accepted, I prefer Lars Von Trier (Breaking the Vaves and The Idiots) later. The bomb I described really rejected me. Maybe I'm a realist.
