The fight against the death penalty is the real reason. All who are healthy in Europe would think so. Everything is different in the US. It seems that the film in the first stage shows that justice can be obtained against a racist death sentence that strives for American justice. The young man was released from condemnation to death thanks to a professor of law who returned to counseling for defense in this particular case. But the film has a sequel. Justice in the US is entirely guided by the goal of revenge. A legal error is equally controlled by vengeance. One person in the local ombudsman office has a young man who has been prosecuted for false charges. The Public Prosecutor's Office withdraws the charges after a while and the young man comes out freely. But he loses his college scholarship and castrated by some vindictive people for whom there is never smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears to avenge himself. But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs that are more mental than hormonal, but even stronger because they are mental and no longer hormonal and can only do this with little girls. Apparently he joined with another serial killer who was looking for the same type of robbery. One day, local police officers follow their intuition, guided by some obscure elements in the assassination of a young girl, and arrest the young guy we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing but bumps and blows, phone books and weapons and Russian roulette. He admits. Sent to the death sentence, he asks his grandmother to go to a law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of a local public prosecutor who falsely treated him several years ago and retaliated on rails. It will not work, but it shows that as soon as someone pulls out of the line of absolute legality in the judiciary, police work and other security forces, an unfair act is undertaken which can destroy even the best case of the charge and can feed the worst deepest imaginable thirst for vengeance. Accusing someone of the elements of an intermediary is as bad as to allow indirect elements to destroy the work of the police or justice. The best intentions on the part of the police are ruined by some personal involvement and vindictive intentions, just as the life of a person can be endangered by indirect elements that are inflated to the size of the evidence, which in turn will jeopardize the whole case by being only mediated, which is easily discarded, with a good lawyer. The film then represents a profound reflection on the necessity of respecting standards and regulations along the entire police and justice, if we do not want to make a mistake, which, of course, does not justify the death penalty, because in any case it goes against the deepest belief that Americans should have: "We believe that these truths are obvious, that all men are created equal, that their Creator has endowed them with certain inalienable rights, among them Life, Freedom and the pursuit of happiness. " (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right granted to man by His Creator, which means that no one other than the one who gave it can take it away. Only God can take away the life of a person. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of power that we do not have. Even if we do not provoke God, we can not justify the death penalty except as an act of revenge, and here the film shows revenge is the worst possible motivation in the pronouncement of justice and the establishment of public peace. If revenge is removed, there is no other justification for this death sentence. And there can always be mistakes in that quest not for happiness, but for vengeance. Dr. Jackues COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, Paris University 8 Saint Denis, Universiti Paris 12 Creteil, CEGID
