A Compelling Thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from the United States Only cause The Cast: Sean Conneri, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. A liberal, albeit well-respected Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong was invited to Flordia Everglades by the unjust convicted black boy Bobby Earl. Recognizing that the sadistic, cold-blooded policemen blamed and beat him to receive recognition of the terrible murder of an eleven-year-old girl. While digging further and further into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobbi Earl is a victim of discrimination. That black police detective, Loris Tanny Brovn, from a small community is corrupt and vicious malignant. When a shameful, psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan appears. He finds out that he knows where the weapons that killed a little girl are. When Armstrong found that there were lucid coincidences of Sullivan's trip through a small city and a letter he had personally had a conspiracy. Bobbi Earl gets a replay. He is free from prison and escapes his terrible punishment. Everything seems to have gone well until the unexpected phone call of the serial killer Sullivan comes in focus. Armstrong reveals the dubious double murder that happened to Sullivan's parents. When he was immensely disdainful. It turned out that Bobbi Earl was a psychopathic killer and that he really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just hit a hit with a devil's psycho Sullivan. To get rid of him, he could kill again for revenge. When Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Now Sullivan is executed until his death. Armstrong and a tough, good-looking guy, Brovn, were driving a wretched villain to Everglades to hurt him. When they arrive, Armstrong finds out that Bobbi Earl's psychotic boyfriend plans to kill his wife and daughter for a former rape trial that was inevitably bothered him, but a cunning policeman Brovn emerges and hurts a brutal crime. They are eaten and eaten by ruthless alligators who eat man. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brovn, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. It also delivers mystery and excuse. How many reluctant black people are suffering from racist laws. He was sentenced to unjust punishments. Even though sometimes an unlawfully convicted innocent, a friendly black man can indeed be a mean criminal. Sean Conneri is brilliant as an unconscious, shining hero of you. Laurent Fishburne is incredibly incredible as a wicked, arrogant, but a good cop. Underwood and Harris are above the top and reinforced as evil psychos. Capeshav is fine. Ruby Dee is as brilliant as a persistent grandmother.
