This film is actually a mixed bag. On the one hand, the story and conception of the film are really good, tense and have some nice bandages. But again, on the other hand, everything is said very slowly, without style and without participation. Still, I think that "Just Cause" is above average trillers simply because of a fine vote. Maybe Sean Conneri was wrong in his role. I mean, it's not as convincing as the main 'hero' and father of a young daughter (played by very young Scarlett Johansson) and husband Kate Capshav. I feel that he was simply too old for a role to be credible in that. However, Sean Connerei is, of course, an excellent actor and that's the only reason he's still able to carry the movie as well as him. But, of course, he is assisted by very solid support consisting of actors such as Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatti, Hope Lange, Linne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All the actors are really good, but some of them are very underused at the same time, which is a shame and a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is perfectly in the role of a psychopathic serial killer. He's really cool and he's doing great. Usually he does not play this merciless, cold kind of role in movies, so he really surprises his role in this. His performance is already more than sufficient reason to watch this movie. However, due to the fact that the story is told without much style and too much formulation, none of the characters in the film fails well because it seems to be too far away. which kills the entire film its fine potential. Arne Glimcher directs a movie with a small style and sometimes keeps pace too small. Therefore, as viewers, we are never really involved in the story or any of its characters. It's really bad, because "Just Cause" had more than enough potentials. A fine actress and a smooth story with some unexpected turns in it in which nothing is what it looks like. The acting and the story are the only reason why this film is still an up-to-date thriller, which will probably still satisfy fans of this genre. However, it is eternally embarrassing that the film lacks its story and style, otherwise this movie could be a true classic in its genre. 7/10
