"Let's Bovl" started on local television in Tvin Cities. It came late at night, something you would have encountered on the canal while surfing after your seventh bottle of Hamm. Even the ads were produced locally, with Valli outside Grumpi's Bar, holding the microphone and nervously poking. - "Ahh ... over you, Steve Sedahl." I'm not sure why, but that always made me laugh. There was a bowling competition under the cover of dispute resolution between the two bowlers, but the game was secondary to comment and snippets. Sedahl played straight, counterbalanced by Rich Kronfeld's bizarre and hilarious "Valli Hotvedt". The most interesting are segments such as "How to properly postpone old bowling" ("throw them in the lake") and "Advice for getting to know", "where the two" date "are a few whores and Valli ends with a bitter complaint," I could do it myself ! "Another segment - what the duo did on his spare days - Steve in the beer can spit out the hobby, get out of the fridge while Valli fought to climb the cliffs in Tailor's Falls, dressed in his tight condition pale blue pillow and oversized headphones.Hilarious! Valli's terrible comments on "leagues for the league" and his fight to apply correct euphemism to various divisions are also highlighted. " Let's Bovl "picked up Comedi Central and had some good moments, but the network never really knew what to do with it, p turning her into a striking term and emphasizing the "bowling competition" that was never the purpose of the show. The permanent advertising interrupted the stream, while the other characters (Ernie, Pig, Butch, etc.) were more disturbing than anything else. Even if Jon Stevet broke Let's Bovl on Daili Shovu - (insufficiently silly, funny jokes?) - a shameful treatment for a show that deserves much better. How much does it cost? Often, "Let's Bovl" comes to the world of modern television, the locally delicious mix of comedy genius and total cheese a? Networks have a "total shit" part of a cold, but it's sad to watch them kill such a dark, strange, funny little gem such as Let's Bovl. We hope it will put it on DVD.
