Preston Vaters is on a bad flight. Except his birthday is approaching, he promises nothing else. First she must divide her room with her brothers who will lead the business. I can not do it in my rooms because they do not have enough space. At birthday he gets only 6 tokens, while others get 32, 35 and even 50 dollars. When one of his birthday cards comes early, he only gets a check for $ 11. You go to the bank for which he finds out he needs at least $ 200 to start an account. Leaving the bank, the bully steals a check. The sequel after the kid almost missed him (definitely destroyed his bike) by a criminal named Kuiglei (played by Miguel Ferrer). Kuiglei just came from the bank and gave the owner $ 1,000,000 to give him the guy tomorrow. Kuiglei begins to write a check for damage, but only succeeds to write his name before the police car rounds the area. Scared, he gives Preston a check, informs him to stop him dying to finish. In the evenings, Preston tells dad he does not want a new bike, he wants his room back, even better his house. His father kept him in his room until the end of the evening. In his room, Preston shows that things can not be worse, he realizes that he has forgotten to check because he is still in his shirt pocket. That's empty. Using the computer and after careful consideration, he does it for $ 1,000,000. The next day, while I was trying to cash in at the bank, he took it to the owner who thinks he's the person to give 1,000,000 dollars. He is not, however, what a real person is called Juice, but a moment later appears. Now the three must follow Preston. Meanwhile, Preston is amused by the purchase of all kinds of things including her own house and even going out with a covert lady who is really a FBI agent (trying to find 3 bad guys). He makes this person nominated for Mr Macintosh for whom he works and even plans a party for him on his birthday. But in the end, things arrive (the money runs out, the bad guys get it). All in all, a pretty funny movie. Miguel Ferrer plays his role very well. If you enjoy the Second Stakeout, you will love it here. He is doing various kinds of crazy things. Rick Ducommun (the acclaimed Chief of Ghost in the Machine) plays a lovely friendly driver in this movie.
