** SPOILERS ** Highly charged a police drama about a serial killer in the small town of Riverside Visconsin. Followed by local police using police Gina Pulaski, Helen Hunt, as a secret secret character to capture him. Nothing new in this movie has been made for a TV movie that you have not seen before, but the depth of the acting and the scenarios is unusually good and brings a lot not only to the killer, but also to the police. like her fellow cop lover, state of mind. After being put under psychiatric care after shooting at an armed and unstable attacker, who attacked his partner with a rifle. Police officer Paluski has a task to approach the secret assassination of suspected Kaile Timler, Steven Webber. After being positively identified by the little girl Sachs, Kim Kluznick, who saw him not far from the place where little Timmy Curtis was found knife, 18 times, on the death of the next day. Getting a job on Lord C's Diner where Tim works Gina becomes very friendly with him and later tells him to persuade Tim to open, about being a serial killer who once killed in an accident, a 79-year-old woman. The team, who is said to have genius intelligence, does not seem to accept Gina's attempt to capture him in a trap, even when he sees later bowling with his fellow policemen who spend the night. Play some strange game of cats and mice with her team at one moment that Gina, at the point of the knife, admits she's wired. But Gina tells him that she was forced to do it by the police in order to get a break and early release from prison. In addition to the Team's instability and criminal actions, we discover that Gina is not all there. She seems to be suffering from her rejection by her father who left her, drunkards and mother abuse, as a young girl acting on her work as a cop in a secret mission. There is also the fact that Gin is a love officer, Vill McCaid (Jeff Fahei), who is alienated from his wife and two children, who is also in the case of serial kill, too protective of her. This leads to the fact that Gina almost dusted the blanket and was later removed from the task. Return to the secret task of her Captain Cheney (Dan Convai), due to a complaint by police officer McCaid, after another young boy, 12-year-old Davi Marish, was found murdered, Gina finally gets herself together and urges The team recognizes that he is the person responsible for a series of murders in the area. Gina does this by having a hidden tape recorder that he has replaced with the one that she gave him to show how honest she is hidden on her. The film "The Society of Darkness" was not really so exceptional, but the acting of Helen Hunt Jeff Fahei and especially Steven Webber is. It was these high-altitude performances that raised the film far beyond the average that was made for a TV movie that was used to watching.
