This is the fifth von Trier movie I've seen. I believe that he is the only director I have given such a high score on all his films. Four of them, Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave 10, and one, Idiots, I gave 9 (and I re-examined whether to give it 10) since I first saw it, although I would like to I see it before that. He was terrified of himself, calling himself one of the best directors. I agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great movies. For 50 years, when von Trier withdrew, he will be seen as a prominent film artist from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and the lesson will be performed on his behalf. He is simply Bergman or Felini of our time. It's a shame that critics are too intrigued by themselves to notice that. About Europe itself, I admit that this was confusing and that his narrative did not seem strong. I think that's the point. This film obviously meant it was a nightmare, or a subconscious on some level. This is absolutely clear from the filming of the film: the narration of MacDonald Sidov. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and that is our / his subconscious mind. I am inclined to rely more on his mind, since the degradation of Europe concerns me, the American, very little. This framing is also clear if you saw the Element of Crime, an even more brilliant film than this (although I challenge it in my mind, what Europe needs more than anything is right to post on DVD, we hope again the criterion, with a theatrical display aspect ratio, and altered sound and images, then I am pretty sure that this film would look the same as any other von Trier films). In the Element of Crime section, the film starts with a hypnosis, which we see on the screen this time, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental pain. The first words of the film are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on the right track." And when Fisher, the narrator, gets out of the way, the hypnotist criticizes him and tells him to return to the story. He even laughs when the character is given a silly and banal line. Something like "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, she did not actually say that, did you?" So the key to interpreting Europe, almost a kind of continuation of the Element of Crime, is that we are deeply in the subconscious of our / von Trier, and that the symbols must be interpreted within ourselves and that they will probably be different for everyone . What symbolizes the train itself? Consider this internally, and then discuss it from the outside. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I've never been bored, even though I watched him at 3:00 in the morning. The real time to watch, in fact, because it works in the dream logic.
