Win the road to this important documentary that looks like an attractive feature. Forbidden Lie $ (2007) is simply a better (film) version of Norma Khouri's "Forbidden Love" book, and it was a bestseller. Deprivation of literary scam and beautiful women, Lie is the best in editorial TV. Smartly decorated and colorful, Broinov's narrative is attributed to the moving silhouettes of Norma Khouri. . I do not agree (with Diversity) that it is too much; Instead, my little problem was in the episodic nature of the key players who commented on the recorded testimonies of others. At one glance, your sense of storytelling slips ... so I watched it twice. This Oscar-worthy effort is at the same time genuinely funny, disturbing and completely amazing, as it documents one lie after another. The apparent party took place in the state of Kueensland through the very personal deceit of Khouri's friends and fans (!). Obviously, your friends are now "turning around" the most fun camera lines belonging to Khouri's neighbor Kache Rachel Richardson, who speaks of his disappointment in flat, non-pointless colloquialism: "I think it's a burden sh. /> > We must learn from their experience, hence my belief in the spoiler. Any perennial deceitful lieutenant caught in a lie will only say anything to buy time to tell another lie. There is some breath taking shot and who are scoffing at this enviable documentary, which instead of that constantly p Since her Sidney Morning broke down Herald journalists Caroline Overington and David Knock a year after being released, Khouri was on the run, but was tempted back to the director to allegedly cleans her name. She lost her allegedly because a) or was terrified of her cunning, more Italian son than Greek husband, or b) because she needed her passport / visa to cleanse her name. Very unlikely. The more likely reason was that the FBI regained its mark in Queensland before skipping over the sea again (one assumption: No, not Jordan). According to the final card, Khouri is still under investigation by the FBI in 2007. I assumed that the audience could only give Khouri a benefit of suspicion when she called for the need for ultimate secret and excuses. Instead, the audience with whom I sat slowly became just as disappointed as deceiving people on the screen. When they got caught, there was a lot of counter-diversion and libel; Earlier, prominent exhortations came out from the audience who simply did not know how to take Khouri's evolutionary contradictions. - not even your own victim. Ana opens her movie with a lovely narrative book written by Khouri herself. The root cause for writing is first of all convinced in the first way - the key to how the entire lifelong lie works: in semi-truths. Khouri is, however, a very beautiful and smart 35year-old with a rather disarming charm, and surprisingly, made by biceps. Gradually we are introducing more or less aduting Aussie journons, publishers and fans who first bought the scope of the Furies charge of murder of honor, line and toner. Later we see their less grievous reactions, completely self-controlled and factual, if some may be a bit bitter. They were the Jordanian (anti-) activists for killing honor who took the deepest disgrace on Khouri's misconceptions because their shaking caused them to reduce the speed of change. Murders of honor happen in Jordan; it's only their prevalence that is contrary to Khouri's book - plus 72 other "facts". In 2003, these activists faxed (Australian) Random House with 73 carefully checked objections. Publishers on the 4 continents who jumped on the opportunity to publish the author Khouri have never tried to verify the facts. Leaving any kind of endorsement in their copyright agreement, they were fair play. Thus, a huge fraudulent theme was so easy to do in the world as it typed in Internet cafes. Later we are shocked by the discovery that "factual errors" are expanding on Khouri's biology. Okay. First, she is not only a 35-year-old unbeliever (her defense is that she has not only discouraged people about their assumptions), but she has a husband and two teenagers! Sometimes it's too fast in its American accent. It seems to be too comfortable with the technology of mobile phones and western clothes. I understand that such observations can sound harmful to very Jordanian women who do not need any Western paternalism, but even when cultural signs do not match Khouri's "facts," you need to start examining your source U At one point the film maker came to the same conclusion. She makes a great effort to keep Khouri on her personal ID in Jordan. The last third was consumed by a trip to Amman, where one is "a fact" for another. In the end, Broinovsky is forced ("scams") to recognize the disparity of the decade in her story, and after that, Khouri filmed his undercover secret confession in his digital camera. The secret, because in this Khouri's "American guard" Jeremi heard that he had an Australian emphasis: he is an actor! (We will never find out how Anna discovered it.) So it becomes the triumph of the director, because she never signifies her tone or dedication. Her findings on the camera prompt the audience to learn from the mistakes of others with such a litany of reasonable doubt, FBI documents - and Khouri's most shocking initial crime. Anna Broinovsky) is even smart enough to use an artistic device (key players who cross-comment the footage) to kill two birds - making her audience want to drink again from the same well. In fact, despite her seductive approach, she forced me to reaffirm that Overington and Knock really won their Valkleis in journalism research for their "Norma Khouri Investigation". Broinovsky looked at me. (10/10)
