I saw the film at the Adelaide Film Festival '07 and was intrigued for 106 minutes. I love the documentaries, but I often drag them with about 25 minutes. Forbidden Lie $ haunted him, never losing my interest. <Br /> <br /> The film is Norma Khouri, a Jordanian woman who has found fame and fortune in 2001 with the publication of his book Forbidden Love, biographical stories about in relation to her friend-Muslims killed by her family because of the relationship with a Christian . A few years later, several journalists began to pervade the story, telling the public to believe it was a scam. The film covers this quickly, but thoroughly in the beginning, and from there most of the time we spend in the company of Standards while trying to convince us that her novel more than fiction. Director Ana Broinsky has found a really fascinating woman to learn, and she leads endless interviews with Khouri while searching for the truth. As always in life, the truth is not easy to find. Norma is scared for her life, worried by the violent repulsion of a distasteful portrait in the novels of Jordanian Muslims. She refuses to return to Jordan and shows us the facts. However, Mirekin does not deter, and slowly puts pieces in front of us. The result is an incredible look inside the mind of the fans. Of course, what we find there is not very meaningful and it is extremely difficult to follow, and in the end we do not know whether we believe Norm or not. She is either a fairly unjust woman trying to survive, or a fantastic anchor. The network of lies, truth and semi-truth that she transforms through the film is brilliant. <Br /> <br /> The film uses many images intervjuskih and dramatization to tell his story, a dramatization Broinovski uses this to show us why people like Norma exist: we want to be deceived. Every day we go to the cinema and we allow ourselves to believe that what's happening on the screen really is. It may be just reading things too much, it did not appear in K & A with Brioni's after the movie, but that's what I took away from him. <Br /> <br /> This is a great Australian film, and must have an international edition, the prize if you ask me. Certainly the best movie I've ever seen on AFF07. Go to see if you have a chance.
