Story: The Voice of narration Macak von Sidov hypnotizes the protagonists (and the audience) in 1945, where our protagonist, young American ideologist Leopold Kesler (Jean-Marc Barr), just arrived in Germany after the Second World War in 1945 to help reconstruction damaged countries. Uncle Kesler (Ernst-Hugo Jaregard) supplies Leopold with a job at the large Zentrop railway company, but Leopold soon falls in love with Catherine Hartman (Barbara Sukova); daughter of the owner of Zentrop Mack Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon found himself in a network of corruption, exploited, lost his ideology, and forced to choose between pests or cholera. Mysterious, enchanting, manipulative, noir, obsessed, beautiful, and ugly. These are some direct, grandiose, descriptive descriptions when we think of the 1991 masterpiece of EUROPA, Lars von Trier; the last chapter of the Europa Trilogy. In the United States, ZENTROPA was re-written so that the audience would not mix with EUROPA EUROPA from 1990 (as did the World War II drama). The European trilogy also contains the FORBRIDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (a shameful experiment that only sold 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals thematically with hypnotism and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as important as visual. At the opening of EUROPA, we see a locomotive moving towards us while our unidentified narrator literally hypnotized us: "At ten times, you will be in Europe. Be there at ten. I say: ten." The metaphor of the ability of films to transfer us into subconscious material reality. EUROPA uses a strange, but extremely effective visual style - this famous Russian director Andrej Tarkovski is the main influence that Trirov is talking about. This is a black and white film occasionally intertwined with red color in the form of blood, red dress, etc. According to the rumors, it inspired Steven Spielberg to use a similar effect in 1993's SHINDLER'S LIST (accidentally another World War II drama). Moreover, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and again finds a background projection, adding separate layers that co-operate in layers, but unlike old Hollywood films that have been incorporated for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully performed strange visual techniques emphasize that we are in reality reality, we are hypnotized; The EUROPA universe is not real! EUROPA is often criticized for measuring advanced technique (such as multi-layer projection of backgrounds) above the action and characters, but hey that's what critics criticized Stanley Kubrick's visual masterpiece from 1968: SPACE ODISSEI for today requires place in all Cinema history books. EUROPA is also charged with historical inaccuracy. Obviously, Trier grants the Nazi Terrorist Group a too historic significance. According to various online sources that are accurate (a fascinating topic - try Googl'n yourself!), However, Trier's purposes are neither educational nor historical. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe with which the audience encounters a distorted reality. It also shows how our memory is cheating - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although a young audience experiencing EUROPA is too young to have World War II memories, we have a collective memory of her from various BBC documentaries, so these little inaccuracies actually serve the purpose: they inform us that we are not in Germany after the Second World War 1945 All The three chapters of the trilogy in Europe depict young ideologists with noble intentions forced on corruption and losing their ideological innocence. The vague endings of FORBRIDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideologists are forever caught in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after the film EUROPA 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vorsel were extremely interested in the Second World War. Shows. It is packed with extremely beautiful shots that attract the atmosphere of the time period. An excellent example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland primarily for economic reasons) in the latest act of EUROPA. Like in 2001: SPACE ODISSEI I think that EUROPA will get the right place in cinematic history. His method of distorting old film-noir love affair and visual techniques is so unique, weird and completely different from everything you see today from Hollywood, or any other dream factory in that sense. EUROPA is an important film in the catalog of Lars von Trier. Some write it off as pure commercial speculation, but that would be catastrophic. There he is with the other Trier classics and semi-classics such as the FORBRIDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, TV RIGET from 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. This is a unique experience before Trier took care of his actors, even before the Dogme95 Manifesto. Watch! "A dozen ..." 9/10
