I was barely aware of the time in the history depicted in this Brazilian black comedy of 1971, but that does not mean that it was not available to me because the film is very clear. It was set up in Brazil from the 16th century, where rival French and Portuguese immigrants exploit innocent people as allies in a battle to confirm domination. What is particularly interesting in the film is that it was made by the Portuguese from the French point of view. The hero is a lovely Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the other French are oppressive and greedy. The Portuguese filmmakers are objective, because when everything is said and done, we see that there is no difference which party takes. It is about the heritage that prevails in the environment that has been defined by tribes. Enemies are created and perpetuated, and as such, the integration of the environment never progresses. The Frenchman was caught by the Portuguese, and then caught by the indigenous tribe Tupinambas, after they massacred a group of Portuguese. The Shaman of the tribe predicted that he would find a powerful Portuguese to be cannibalized as a vengeance for the murder of his brother's brother by a man from Portugeuse. Thinking that the Frenchman is a Portuguese, they believe they now have one. Nevertheless, the Frenchman got an unlimited stream of the village, sooner or later received a wife, and it is assumed that their ordinary appearance, and not his western clothes, or any clothing. The other Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is truly Portuguese, and then assures the furious Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when the Frenchman finds a secret treasury hidden in some other Europe. I discovered that the introductory scene is funny, because its narration associated with its contradictions on the screen serves as a great satire, even if the film does not seem to want to keep that tone much more often. Actually, it's not a terrible film to shoot. Wealthy, essential locality, fierce lifestyles and mature domestic women make not only the French, but we also forget about every threat, and we have the feeling that he is a free man. It should not be that hard to escape. Cannibalism is as scarce as the full frontal nudity of the actors, proposed in exchange for the representative core of the dry political cartoon Pereira dos Santos on the mythology of the New World and underdeveloped social coherence. In any case, this social commentary from the 1500s recorded at a location in the bay of 365 islands has played almost completely naked and almost entirely written in Tuppy, encourages an effective breakdown of established modes that are current because they have been repeated for centuries.
