CCCC was the first good Bollywood film since 2001. When I first saw a trailer, I thought it would be a good family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the highest performance ever. My family was not too interested in him, but after seeing this movie, my family is very impressed with it. Early and Preiti's are wonderful. The movie will be a big hit for the three main stars. It is about paradise (Salman Khan) and Priya, encounter and falling in love. They marry and go to Switzerland for the honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priia learn that Priya is pregnant. The Paradise family is full of joy when it reveals the particular Raj's dad (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day, and Priya has an accident because of which Priya has a spontaneous miscarriage. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raju and Prija that he can no longer have more children. Raj and Priya keep this silent from the family. Raj and Priia opted for a surrogate. Their surrogate is that they will find a girl and Raja and that girl will have a baby together and then give the baby to Raju and Prija. Paradise finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preiti Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her money and she agrees. Paradise is changing Madhubala completlei. Raj says Priy that he found the girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do so, so nobody finds out. Priya spends the night in the church, and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spent the night together. The doctor confirms Madhubala is pregnant and everyone is happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They're happy again. Madhubala loves Paradise and she wants him. What's going on? See CCCC to find out. One thing I did not like in the movie is their idea of ​​surrogate maternity. They should do it the right way in the movie, but it did not destroy the movie. It was still great. Songs of the film are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Valon No "," Deevana Hai Ieh Mann "and" Mehndi ". The song" Mehndi "is very colorful. The film deserves 10/10!
