A few years ago, a friend received from one of his friends a video with Michael Hein 'Heat' on it. After we finished this film and we were about to get up, we saw that immediately there was another movie, and the owners of the tape did not write them. Nevertheless, we all stuck back to our seats with their unique opening, which had no points. Several hours later, I just sat and wondered: how could I not hear about this masterpiece before? ... This film was Europe. Lars von Trier awoke film-noir from the dead, deconstructed reality with deliberately obvious sets, but often there was an unbearable similarity with German photographs after the war. And then a cunning cut! The story itself is a hardly understandable moral odyssey that does not have a happy ending. A young American pacifist of German origin comes to post-war Germany, with the intention of doing something good to pay for the bombs his fellow countrymen have dropped out. But he is mostly confronted with distrust and self-destructive challenge. She works in Zentrop, a company that deals with eating and sleeping (modeled on Mitropa), owned by one of the Nazi collaborators who occupied the occupiers. Our hero falls in love with his daughter - who later turns out to be a member of the Vulgar, Nazi post-war terrorists. When the world is no longer understood (or just Europeans), it raises the railroad bridge under the train that he just saved. As the last note, for historical accuracy: the real world, the Werewolf was not as important anywhere as the film implies, but most of all they were the ultimate Nazi propaganda coup. After the SS unit killed a major allied occupied Aachen, two months before the capitulation, the Nazis announced the creation of a full legion of saboteurs and terrorists who would be ready to fight behind the lines, Vukodlak. But only a few hundred mostly Hitler youth had undergone some training, while two or three times were assigned to the murder of suspected communists or aliens in Bavarian villages to impose permanent fear to residents, with Hitler's death and war. However, the propaganda propagandist Vukodlak had a deep effect on occupiers. Everywhere they feared the Wolves, they doubted her for any serious misfortune - but without exception, later found another cause (ignored by some recent pseudo-historians). For example, when the main gas center exploded in the police headquarters of the bombed Bremen, or when a Soviet military commander was killed in a motorcycle accident in Berlin. The result was the strongest in the Soviets, who arrested tens of thousands (largely children!) 'Preventive' on the suspicion of being Werewolves, and imprisoned them in the camps where many of them died.
