A prolific and influential director Martin Scorsese examines the selection of his favorite American films grouped into three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.V. Griffith or F. В. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that later made the appearance of sound and color; director as a smuggler: directors such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and mostly Vincent Minnelli, directors who hide rebellious messages in their films; and the director as iconoclastic: those filmmakers who attack civilian perceptions and social scams such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Raio, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penne. He shows us how the old studio system in Hollywood was, albeit abrasive, the way in which film directors moved to the media because they were bound by political and financial constraints. During his clips from the films he shows us, we not only uncover films that we have never seen before, but also our profession, but also to see what he sees. She assesses her stylistic sensibility together with the directors of the sequences themselves. The idea of ​​a film canon is considered to be snobbish, and some movie lovers and critics favor making "lists". However, the canon only signifies "the best", and supporters of the movie canon claim that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience the selection of the "best" compilation of the best hits. students of film. All in all, the experience has shown that any film writing, including reviews, works to make a movie canon. Some movie canons can definitely be elitist, but others can be "populist". For example, the list of Top 250 movies in the Internet Movie Database contains many movies that are included in several "elitist" movie canons, but there are also recent Hollywood movie hits where many "elite" films are mocking, such as The Dark Knight , which are currently mixed in the top ten. in the middle of the first two Kuma films, the Schindler's List and one fly above the cuckoo's nest, and the fluctuations of similar productions, such as Iron Man, the City of Sin, Die Dead, Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorsese writer Taki Driver Paul Schrader directly called his canon "elitist" and claims that this is positive. Scorsese is never particularly loud about his social and political ideologies, but when you see this intense and recognized obsessive lesson from the history of the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological areas, we see that there really is no particular virtue or in elitism or in populism. Elitism focuses all attention, recognition, and therefore power to those who are considered unresolved. This discrimination could easily lead to self-esteem much in the spirit of the humorous work of Jean-Luc Godard or in the overrationalization of the production practice of the director, such as Michael Haneke. Nevertheless, populism calls for believing in representative freedom as a mere confirmation of the will of people. As previously claimed about the omnipresent mischiefs people have of film, populism could be the end of the potential power and impact of the film. One can only watch movies, because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese spends here for almost four hours trying to tell us, something that can not be said without being seen firsthand.
