When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create an American part of his Centuri of Cinema series, he used the opportunity with both hands. A personal trip to American films is fascinating, wide and, as the title says, a very personal look at Hollywood cinema. Scorc's story is primarily about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators can barely be mentioned. From the outset, he argues that for him the primary conflict within the film industry is one between the director's vision and the motive of the profit of the distributor, between art and commercial sustainability. It even opens with a clip from Vincent Minnelli's The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the earliest films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure of the documentary film. Scorcese studies how the genres were darkened and the clichés became challenging, as mavericks caused the production code, and how some filmmakers fell out of grace when they dared to be different. However, Scorces never falls into an authentic trap for the dismissal of directors who are constantly pleased with the studio bosses (abounding with Cecil B. De Milleu's praise), or those who had less recognizable style, but were still the masters of the cinema. Scorces does not have to focus on their absolutely favorite directors (Orson Velles and Alfred Hitchcock, the two biggest influences of Scorcese, are only mentioned in passage). Instead, he sees individuals and movies that serve to tell his story. For example, he shows us a series of John Ford films to show how the West evolved. He looks at the work of Vincent Minnelli (probably the most often referred director of the documentary) to show that a supposedly healthy genre, such as a musical, can have darker underwater currents. I can imagine that, if this task were not limited to America, Scorces also liked to talk about, for example, his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Povell. As it is, he extends the definition of American films to include Hollywood film directors such as FV Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of filmmakers born in the United States that are produced elsewhere? As is the case with Stanley Kubrick. Instead of simply talking about Hollivood chronologically, Scorcese compares films from various epochs to grapple with different topics. In his chapter on film language and tools, he begins with DV Griffith, looks at the arrival of sound, color and widescreen and inevitably ends up with computer-generated effects that, although Scorces is not interested in them, he chased enough to include George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola who protects them. However, it does not just end the chapter as if it was the end. Instead, he goes back to the 1940s to show that a low-budget horror such as The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. Personal travel through American films must be one of the best film documentaries. There were several prominent directors and paintings I would never discover without them, and even the most experienced film lovers could find something new in its wide range. Scorces also restored the balance of forgotten or understated images. I was glad to see that, when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter "Icons", he looks at Lolita and Bari Lindon, for me his two underrated films. Scorsese's respect for the media is exposed in a way that allows snippets to reproduce completely, instead of giving only small pieces, and he interrupts them with the heads they speak (combination of archives and new interviews) only when necessary. There is a bit of bias in the forties and fifties, but this is not surprising since it is the age in which Scorcese grew up and discovered the film. After all, I think that this documentary could not have been realized that it was not a personal path. One word of warning, however, in a deep view of certain images, this documentary contains a few spoilers.
