In "Anne of Green Gables" (1934), Marilla Cuthbert (Helen Vestlei) and Matthev Cuthbert (OP Heggie), middle-aged brothers and sisters who live together in Green Gables, Avonley's farm in the Prince Edward Island, decide to adopt a boy from a remote orphanage to help their farm. But the orphans sent to them are a premature 14-year-old girl named Anne Shirley (Dawn Evelin Paris - the veteran of the Disney series of short films "Alice", who will later adopt her name). Anne was only 11 years old in the original novel of Luci Maude Montgomery, but the same actress could not be credibly crossed from college to the story during the course. The film somewhat suffers from this concession, because many Anne's reactions and much of what she says are more entertaining than coming from an eleven-year-old teenager. As in the book, Anne is brilliant and quick, eager to please, but unhappy with her name, construction, pigtails and long red hair. However, as a child of imagination, Anne enjoys life and quickly adapts to her new family and the environment of Prince Edward Island. In fact, Anne's original "Queen of the Drama of Teenage" film screenplayer chose to focus on this aspect of her character. He transformed the basic genre from a mildly entertaining family drama into a comedy. The change that thrilled the audience and continues to frustrate the pure readers. Since comedy is largely in the spirit of Montgomery's story, I do not see the reason to argue with the changes, but let this serve as a just warning to anyone who expects a completely faithful adaptation. The comedy element is the power of the film because it is one of the earliest self-reflective parodies of the Hollywood conventions. Actress Anne Shirley was one of the Hollywood beauties of all time, and the film is black and white. There is so much fun in seeing the endless screaming of the title character on her appearance and color of hair opposite to what appears on the screen. Anne regularly attaches to her virgin rural followers with melodramatic lines such as: "If you refuse it, it will be a lifelong sorrow". It may be the most amusing moment when correcting a spelling of your name on a board in the classroom. Tom Brovn doing a good job like Anne's love interest Gilbert Blithe and Sara Haden steal all the scenes in which he appears as Cuthbert's pompous neighbor. Then, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
