For people interested in business and corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. As one of the former participants of the show wrote in his blog about this innovative show: People in the business finally had an audience. The whole idea is perfect; that a group of business people compete against each other in business tasks set to the best place in the world, Nev Iork Citi. Donald Trump is as perfect as a boss, although his ego is larger than the entire space time of infinity. He also makes a lot of dubious decisions about who to fire, which is one of the negatives of the show. Season 1: Excellent season, the best season "normal". This season was mostly related to real business skills. Later, the series nearly drowned in marketing tasks with too much product placement. Great and interesting competitors in general, with the youngest character ever in this series: Troy. I know I'm not the only person who doubts that the episode of Trump Worl Tover in which he was fired was fixed to Amy and Nick getting this job. Season 2: I great season. The tasks were still quite fine, and he had many interesting competitors. Jen M was terrible and never had to get to the finals, IMO. Also, this season had the worst shot (Pamela). Season 3: Terrible. Actually, I liked the concept of books about witches versus street-minded people, but the actors were so terrible (it turned out that Trump hated actors) that the entire season was a complete disaster. The best moments were the second episode (renovating the motel), with Prime Minister Brian, a guy who added only the enormous values ​​of comedy. Season 4: great season, much for the interesting and entertaining competitors of this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and total disaster whose name was Toral). The episode "Take me to the Boardroom" is one of the absolute classics of this performance, which ends with a well-remembered four-shot shooting. Unfortunately, I think we were robbed of Randall against the All-Final. I think Trump was afraid that she could win, and prevented that from happening. Season 5: boring season with really no special things. Brent was just a shame and obviously just there to create a drama. All in all, the tasks were terrible (how did the creation of jingles have anything to do with business?). I suppose the best man has won, but I personally do not care. Season 6: I see why they wanted to try LA as a new location for the show, but looking back, there was a mistake. New York will always be the place for this. Many new things have been added this season, most of which are terrible (such as losing a team that has to sleep outside in tents, the PM is still PM, for example). The tasks were terrible and Trump chose the wrong winner. James deserved it, no doubt. Seventh Season: Celebriti edition. The best season ever. Completely different rules (such as the use of rolodex), but all the fun and entertainment. The biggest problem was that many competitors were not really genuine at all, especially women in which they were all unknown, except Omarose, which is a total disgrace for everything he is involved in. After making a complete fool of himself during the Kodak assignment, another man emerged from the shadow: Piers Morgan. No one has dominated the season like him. He broke his opponents and came across as a guy with a great sense of humor (although some Americans (of course, they do not realize they misunderstood me), unfortunately, did not have social skills to understand that). MODE OF THE PASSENGER !! For lovers of this version, I recommend the UK version in which Sir Alan Sugar plays as a boss. In fact, the British version is much better, and it says something because the American (and the original) is really a great performance. One thing in the UK version is that competitors usually act as decent human beings in the governing board, as opposed to the constant shouting and rude behavior that occurs in the US version.
