An interesting aspect of "Shepherd" is that it shows that a traditional interview for a job and a resume does not necessarily imply teamwork skills, commitment to the task and performance of the job. And they certainly do not reveal hidden intentions. In other words, a good indicator of potential can be the search for a candidate for a job in action, which is the "learner" point. People who compete for a corporate position can surrender a sugar-coated biography and put on their best personal suit for an interview, but this is not necessarily the best indicator of strength, weakness, and performance. In short, "Shepherd" includes 16 job candidates who compete for the ultimate career opportunity: a position in Real Estate Investment Company Magdal Donald Trump. The "apprentice" refers to the winner who will win the paid position, learn the art of creating high roles from the master himself, and probably get the main corporate connections. This position is dreamy true for those who want to make more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. In order to deceive the candidates, Trump shows his private plane, his private luxury apartments full of statues and works of art, his limousines, links to celebrities and other aspects of the lives of billionaires. The path to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete against each other. Each of them has a corporate name, such as Versacorps and Protege Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that involve entrepreneurial ventures, such as creating advertisements, selling goods or negotiating. Teams select a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If he wins, the manager gets a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final arbitrator. If they lose, the manager can become a goat. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with only a day or two. Tasks can include creating a TV commercial or a print ad. Others may include retail or street sales. Tasks bring the best and the worst in the participants. They often immediately show who is the most reliable, which is the most reliable and valuable. And tasks also reveal who is not a good team player, who is ineffective and looks just for himself. Tasks always reveal the unexpected ways of the strong and weak side of the participants, and especially the project manager. How well a manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time and sets specific goals, will largely determine the outcome, but that does not have to predict the winner. The brightest aspect of someone's potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Their actual abilities, unlike their own propagating abilities, immediately show through a veneer that can not be hidden from a silk tie of $ 100 or a beautiful makeup. Leadership traits and / or weaknesses often become agonistally apparent after just a few minutes. Those promoted as top leaders are not always so strong when put into the real-life leader position. It's always easier to "exhaust your own horn" than actually get involved in leadership. Project managers, even those in winning teams, often do not formulate a cohesive strategy. They often believe it is more efficient than diving to complete the task in the first minute instead of organizing a little time and discussing how the task will end. More often than not, members of the wrongdoing team run around like headless chickens who understand it while they are passing, and in the end they spend a lot more time. The winning team gets a taste of high-life, such as dinner at an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private plane and / or getting to know the celebrity personality. The losing team comes to a terrible room where Trump is hearing loud excuses from members and refuses one or more competitors such as pieces from a chessboard with the now infamous "You're Fired". Often, the project manager is partly responsible for losing the team and may be the target of Trump's indictment rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes the victim of a lost team. My least favorite aspect of "Shepherd" is the Room in the Board. Although the tasks themselves point to the strong and weaker candidates, the committee room often brings the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is one winning team and one lost team, even if the competition was close. Members of the lost team begin to accuse each other, often ruthlessly, of who is to blame. And sometimes more than one person gets fired. I rarely see that a candidate who is not successful enough takes on responsibility for his actions in the committee rooms. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson are perhaps the only candidates who have assumed full responsibility for losing her team and have not received any recognition for this unselfish act. For me, Christie Frank and Quake Jackson had the most integrity of all candidates. However, Trump saw Christie as weak and fired, arguing that he did not defend himself, which could mean that the ego values ​​more than integrity. No one should sacrifice his integrity for it. Christie Frank may not have become an apprentice, but she can live with her knowing that she did not blame others unfairly. Is not that worth as much as "victory"? The power of the "Shepherd" is also her weakness. Since the work of a team is judged strictly by winners and losers, other assessment options are ignored. Except for the large gaps between winning and lost teams, sometimes the losing team is an example of a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. I've seen that defeating teams sometimes better organize themselves than the winning team. We Americans are often obsessed with winning and losing, which often overlook excellence.
