This film is a wonderful, cordial view on both sides where the "club kid" of the rehearsal of the scene merges with New York's artistic, musical and performing art worlds (with the camera of the ubiquitous Miss Bunny). This is the "Trilogy Torch Song" for tense girls. "This girl" for our unhappy, influenced the millennium times. Dialogue is quick and fun, and the buyer Parker Posey deserves - if not an academic award - at least - stadium waves of honor. Of course, this film rests on very elegant platforms on the heels of Miss Posei, and it is perfectly thrown. Like many of her acting, it may not be very deep, often self-referential and, well, pose ... but everything works. She is a talented comedian, incredible entertainer, and this movie is entertaining, she wears her shoulders like a fauk leopard sheath, and never let her fall to the floor. Maria is a superficial part of fashion that is not above theft of designer clothes from a friend's cabinet or hangs out with someone else's boyfriend. At a deeper level, this is a story of a girl and her friends who are careless in every sense of the word, including other people; and the process of learning that care is essential for life. The scenario is beautifully made, witty, and the only performance that disappointed aunt, in the role that was too one-dimensional and heavy arm; its tinted version, would deepen the relationship between the two of them ... but ... hey ... this is a comedy. The surprisingly deep role, which gives this film some substance and world vision, is a boy who sells fallafel. Everyone should be happy ... is he the one for Mari? or the one who escapes? This is rated as 8 because it's not a great moment in film history, it's not a classic, it's not a great art (it all gets deeper and richer in re-examining)). As "Desperately searching for Susan," this is something very true in relation to the time period, but over time it can become irrelevant. Still, it has everything you need for a fun movie, and it's worth watching a few times just for the clothes!
