In this pool, in this lake, there are lilies and frogs. Frogs sit on lilies. The frog and water lily have a parasitic connection. Marie (Pauline Ackuart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimsuit with Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the captain of her team. Flora's team colleagues avoid their leader, because the overly modest and well-proportionate blonde is transmitted by a loose person who issues a way of thinking about the harmonization and discipline of a synchronized swimmer. But Floraine has a secret; The bomb has a bomb, which "Naissance des pieuvres" discovers to the audience, visually, before it is entrusted to Mary. Floraine has never gone, as they say, all the way, with a boy. At the party, we see a dual picture of a growing sex bomb that checks her make-up in a mirror in the bathroom. "Lolita" is a morgana fad. Marie meets Floraine's double while her imitation breaks the heart of the lily. While the frog passes through the capture of the fly for its looks, it mingle with the lily when no one is watching. In the most exciting scene of the film, the water lily agrees to give the frog a hand to lose his virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants her boys to like her, but she does not like boys, but it looks like it's more important that frogs are popular. When the lily finally loves the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog can not be turned into a water lily, or a princess, because the water lily loses respect for the frog. After their lips are unlocked, Floraine tells Maria: "See, it's easy," which is the way a frog to equate their kiss with an orgasm given by her friend as nothing more than a ritual without any connections. The beauty of Floraine is a burden. It carries the weight of fulfilling children's expectations. Florence uses Marie to finish one fly before her morgana falls to imitation in the closet. Another water lily, the second frog, Maria's best friend Louise Blachere and Floraine's frustrated baby toy Francois (Varren Jacobs), as well as any water lily and frog, also have a parasitic connection. While Floraine uses Marie to love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But it is life; it's a betrayal of growing up, in which even a friend will turn to a good friend if he gets a chance to start with the food chain. In McDonalds, a water lily punishes another watery lily after intense bathing in the fog. Physical beauty is the currency. Marie gets a chance to make snapshots because Anne, though far from being ugly, has an overweight and has an unpleasant hairstyle. Anne tries to retract her chest using her breasts as abundant retribution (an increase from her Happi Meal is accidentally commenting on Marie on straight chests), but a tusk (Marie thinks she's better than Anne, better than lily) indicates that her breasts are a by-product of fat. Teens can be brutal to one another. Later, in the final recording, "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie has a double, and this symbiosis among them water lilies has the potential to turn into parasites in the near future, if they are not already. Teens can be brutal to each other in ways that no boy could match.
