It sounds like it should be Klod Monet's biography, but it's actually a very focused story about the relationship between the three adolescents at the French Synchronized Swimming Team. There are no parents or teachers to talk about, there is no school, and boys are represented by a peripheral figure, bragged by Francois who enters a story fixed from time to time and always leaves confused. Pauline Akuart is the youngest of the three, who just wants to join the team, she is so adorable. She's a little weird. She has not yet emerged from her adolescent's growth and has long, bony limbs, large feet, which she has no speech. She is advanced and deals with these thick lips. After a while, its appearance grows to you and from certain angles it may appear enchanting. Adele Haenel is older - more, well, physically more advanced. What a glamorous figure cuts into a swimsuit, walking, teasing boys, swinging long blue hair. But it's not what it looks like. Or is she? I could not figure it out. The French are long on paradox and short consistency. No wonder Francois always sniffs behind her. There is not much ambiguity in the character of Louse Blachere. She is also in the team, but she is rude and ordinary, and sensitive to this, and she falls very badly in Francois. Blachere is a good actress and adds discomfort to the character through her appearance. The film deals with relationships between these three, which means intrigues, deceptions, hidden feelings, and everything else we are hanging out with young girls who spend a lot of time. This, of course, is a cunning topic. It is becoming increasingly difficult during the gradual development of the homoerotic relationship between Pauline and Adele. It's not that you expect this to be a soft porn movie. The only nostalgia we see is much smaller than turning, and the little sex that is under the covers, sometimes literally. I do not think I want to go into the plot or in his analysis. too, partly because it is suggestive, not expressed through action, partly because it is complex, and partly because I'm not sure I got it all. Allow me to give an example. Okay. Adele is a girl to whom another envies. She is also quite distant and self-satisfied. On top of that, she obviously treads every boy and man in her eyes if she can be of any use to her, from a handsome but stupid Francois to a bus driver from whom she wants a service. She brags about her expertise in felaciou. When Pauline approaches her to join the swim team, Adele uses her as an observation during meetings with the boys. A senior narcissist, you know? But then, with a soi-disant, a slut takes the thin Pauline under her wing and reveals Pauline that she is still a virgin. Really? Yes really. Pauline begins to approach Adela, and Adele finally admits that she would like to get rid of the hymen and that she would love to do it for her. Polina, now sexually attracted to Adele, performs a task with a dull satisfaction. Now Adela really liked to deal with a man, possibly older and more experienced. So she takes Pauline to the boots where she seductively dances with some guy until she follows Pauline into the powder room. The two girls stand up and down to each other, and they have not openly expressed sexual interest in others. But Adele is so close that Polina slowly releases her own reins, gives her hand and loves Adele on her lips. Adele moved away, smiled and said, "Now, it was not that bad, was it?" And then he goes back to the club. It's a pretty close description of what's going on between Pauline and Adele - but what the hell is going on? In the beginning, Adele treats Pauline as an irrelevant child, later as a close friend, finally as a potential lover - and as soon as Pauline responds, Adele leaves her satisfied. Does Pauline use what it looks like to use men? Does Adele answer that he knows that now he has another person in forced bondage? I do not know. I reduced Louise Blachera as a third member of the trio, an ordinary and ignored vallflover whose expression always indicates stupidity, but which at least is fundamentally heterosexual and the first of them three to free themselves of this delusional innocence, but only I am skipped over space. Would you like to see it? Anyway. (Just compare it with a typical American movie about high school students.) For men, some of whom have never penetrated into female mystique, this can give you an idea of ​​what looks like a middle-aged person.
