Water Lilies is a well-made first French film about young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized, somewhat disinfected material that is disgusting to someone because it attracts others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenagers in a neat new suburb of Paris. Their lives lie around a large indoor pool where two of the three are part of a synchronized ballet team. Such disturbances as parents, brothers and sisters, work and school are neatly excluded from the equation. Central sensitivity belongs to the attractively gloomy but skinny Marie (Pauline Ackuart), who is not in the team, but thinks she would like to be. Marie adores Floriane (Adele Haenel), an inviting blonde and a team that the guys are looking for. This Marie is moving away from her former best friend, also a member of the ballet team, somewhat fat Anne (Louise Blachere). To be less special, Anne is really more accessible to boys. Florian, like this movie, promises something more than she really offers. Marie has more important quality for a teenager: she is suffering from the inside. Flroiane does not suffer as much as a jump into situations, and then for an attack. Marie is enchanted with glamor water ballet as well as Floriane. Florian uses this to make Mary the first time her slave and cover for her tasks, and then, without any other friends, her trustee. All other girls think that Florian is a slut, an illusion he encourages with men and boys who tease, because they lead them further. She suffers the fate of a beautiful girlfriend that she is not a person but an object, and she can not resist the validation given by the boys to her kissing and going, but she does not care for any of them and knows she is involved with them. She forced Marie to act like her companion so that her (invisible) mother would not know how to meet the boys, she also got Marie to save her from the guys later. At first, it looked the opposite, but Florian needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs to. Anne remains uncomfortable with her body and the desire to lay it is more earthly and more realistic than other girls. Given all the external contexts, Sciamma can highlight subtle changes in the sensitive equation of goals and the interaction of three girls. On the other hand, the insanity of water in the film, which includes plenty of showering and spitting, as well as underwater swimmers, makes it feel completely airless from time to time, and some of the 95 minutes do not pass so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and allows the threesome to sometimes forget their ever-present goals and avoidance and make stupid, meaningless girls. These are unusual moments that give film life; so bad that there are no more. But Simamma has the courage of his obsessions, and what remains, as it comes out of the theater, is personality and their dynamics. Along the way, it is certainly pleasant to watch swimming and watch girls who understandably like to look at themselves. There is no great revelation or drama along the way, but things become a little more interesting when it turns out that Marie is not only admirable, but she really wants Floriane and is jealous of her guys - which Florian always stops before which go to the end. In the typical irony of this kind of plot, Florian actually decides to want her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who is holding, because she knows that she will not have any relevance for Florian to have her. When this happens, it's a shy, mechanical affair. In the meantime, Anne fell in love with Francois (Varren Jackuin), a swimmer, but of course she is looking for Florian. Boys are not an element that is taken away and it seems that there are always several dozen at the pool or on the dance floor, but these are only bodies and faces, available pins.
