The importance of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "The birth of octopuses", is rather vague, and maybe it is not surprising that in English-speaking countries it was sold as "water lilies". "The" Ljiljani "English title are three teenagers, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of the synchronized swimming team based in Paris suburbs, and the film is a "drama in years" about developing their first sexual feelings. One of the features of the film, perhaps unusual for a film of this kind, is to concentrate exclusively on or the axes between the young people themselves We can not see anything from their parents or their teachers, and very few of the adult world Three girls are very different in appearance and are shown as very different in character Shy, retired Marie is slim and tiny and seems that she is the youngest of three.Ane is something like ordinary Jane, Florian's glamorous blonde, which is very popular with the boy.These three, together with a nice swimmer named Francois, are involved in what could be described as a love-quadrangular. Anne fell in love with Francois, but he is taken over by Florian, who seems to give him backward affection, although she is by no means her only male admirer. Indeed, not all fans of Florian are men, because Mary fell in love with her attractive friend. The film shows the way in which their friendship develops; at first glance it seems that Florian simply uses Marie as a suitable excuse when he actually goes to meet the boys; her parents are probably complaining to her friends, but they have no objection to her coming out with her friends. Later, however, we realize that, despite Florian's image as a sexy, popular girl who is always at the center of men's attention, she actually returns to Maria's feelings. The film will reverse some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and a fairly thick figure, looks like a typical "butch", but she is the only one of the three main characters that is unequivocally heterosexual, while more conventional women Marie and glamorous Florian lesbians or at least bisexual Movies that come with time are commonplace, although most of them avoid the controversial topic of teenage lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deal with their topic in a sensitive way, with three very good performances from three leading actresses, Pauline Ackuart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachera. Relationships between characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of a series of interpretations. (Does Floriane, for example, simply use Marie for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her? Would Floriane have been cursing with Francois and other boys just as a means of hiding her lesbian feelings from the outside world? was the first film made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at that time); on this basis, she must be considered a very promising newcomer.
