The original title means "The birth of octopuses". I must admit that I do not understand this title. The title in English is "Water Lilies". But after I wrote this, I read a comment from another user: "The address in French is also suggested:" the prieuvre "or octopus suggests that an individual must manipulate many pressures at the same time." Thank you for your explanation. The basic theme is the first sexual emotion of a girl, when it's not clear whether they are focused on the same or the other sex. It's not different for boys. I think Floriane and Marie will eventually have heterosexual feelings without any adverse effects. Large part of the film is ballet on the water. Sometimes the girls have their heads down and nothing above the water except their feet and lower their legs, which they will swing and kick in the air. For people like me who had never seen such things before, it was fascinating. - Floriane is the leader of a team of "water lilies". Marie tells her she would like to see when Florian is practicing. It seems to be their first contact that is not just ordinary. Soon they will go together. Florian leads Marie in the garage where the boy is waiting, and then he goes with him for an hour, while Mary is waiting to return. I took it for granted that the couple slept. But later, we'll learn from the film to do less than that. I can give some information that little users will find in other places. There is a scene in which Marie secretly steals Florian's garbage bag. In it, he finds an apple that is mostly eaten. And Marie continues to eat the rest. ?? There is a parallel scene in the second film, "Afternoon Breezes" Hitoshi Iazakia (Japan, 1980). It's about adult young women, and obviously a lesbian is in vain in love with a heterosexual woman. She also steals the garbage bag of the beloved, and also finds more or less an apple and eats the rest. Later, Florian says to Marie that she would like to get her first orgasm from her. Marie says she can not do it. But later, Marie says she's really ready to do it. And I masturbate on Florian. There is no nudity on this scene. Probably only a female director could make such a fine psychological performance or studio? I would like to quote Baudelaire, "Les amours enfantines". Floriane plays Adele Haenel, who performed excellently as an autistic girl in the "Little Devils" by Christopher Rugie (2002)? ? a very underrated movie.
