I watched SHORE LEAV the other day. I've seen him so many times and I never get tired of it. Surprisingly, every time I watch it lately, it brings me back to the first time I saw it. Including this time. Must be that feeling of mystery and "What's going on here?" It's unusual that one part of a story that has always felt unpleasant and unpleasant for me, this time, really had a huge effect on me ... Ruth. I think that much was the result of Gerald Fried. The real masterpiece, that! The romantic section is reused - much wider - in THIS PAGE OF RAJA. But, of course, he debuted here. I had the impression that it was perhaps the "sweetest" of all the girls Kirk knew over the years. When she said, "Do you have to go?" In combination with music, I could really feel the pain she felt when she was not able to stay with her. Someone commented online that Rut looked older than it was, and yet it should not have been aggravated for 15 years. Why I think ... MOST, she was one of the teachers at the academy. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (Maybe he came back to this in "MIRI" when Janica said: "I never disagree with older women." Maybe he thought, "... more." Day, I see where someone was compared WHAT ARE THE SMALL GIRLS FROM ME, but it looks like there is also an OUTDOOR DEPARTURE ... What are all these "people" if not androids? Whoever it is, it seems that one of the RARE cases in ST is where you have a race that is actually "superior", unlike only Thinking that they are. <It seems that Ieoman Barrovs fills Ieoman Rand, given how much Dr. McCoy has devoted to her, that's just another frustrating example of potency A good character that appears once and then never appears again! /> One thing missing out in the last few times I watched as he snored here, Spock laughed. We have all this time, not this " when he said, "Enjoy, sir." Near the beginning, you could see that not only his superior officer was talking about talking to a friend, but finally, when he unnecessarily says, "It's totally illogical!" , I can not help but think that he does it just to cause a reaction. He may not laugh or laugh, but I think he's glad his fellow crew members are happy.
