This is crazy; many Trek fans do not rate this as highly-known classic episodes of all time because they do not have a deep meaning or podton of those really big, but this is so well performed for what it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always makes my personal list of the best half a dozen episodes, no matter what my mood is. Several well-known future movies ("Westworld") and TV shows (bland "Fantasi Island") took their sign from the premise of this episode (then, of course, the LPG broadcast renewed the concept with holodeck technology). Beautifully captured (especially visible in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, takes place in a beautiful park similar to the planet Enterprise has just arrived. It's weird that there is no animal life here, even insects (like, for example, flowers are pollinated), but things become really weird when the members of the landing group begin to see people from their past (Kirk has people of the past, it's falling out) as well figures from other famous fantastic stories. Soul even finds a police revolver of old style (no doubt he has supplemented his sword collection). By this time in the Trek series (half way to the first season), the main characters had quite a lot. Strengthened the old friends we met over the years. Here, we really see them relaxing, talking and working together to figure out the puzzle of this episode: a powerful story is again a mystery, somehow, and the audience is ready to drive while Kirk and his friends are trying to discover a very bizarre series of events that have a very funny taste . It's almost cumbersome, following the carefree style set up on the ship while Kirk was finally maneuvered to check after he showed clear signs of stress and fatigue (Enterprise, he suggested, just ended a troubled mission). Then Dr. McCoio kills a knight on a horse; Yes, this is the last episode of dr. McCoia ... I'm joking. But at this moment, the story is not a joke for the rest of the party. McCoi is really dead for all intentions and purposes and, as well as the best episodes of Trek, the other half of this adventure escalates to a frenzied, desperate pace of action and uncertainty. All this was signaled by Kirk's decisive response to Sulu, who expressed his lack of understanding of any of these events only after McCoy's death - Kirk will come to the bottom of all this, to what will come. But Kirk does not become much easier: what follows is probably the longest-set fight for mano-a-mano for the series while Kirk fights with his enemy from his academic days, a struggle that seems to be takes place over half of the planet. Nevertheless, this is compensated for scenes of extreme gentleness, with one more previous previous acquaintance with Kirk. This episode drives the gamut of the entire human experience, quite appropriate in the light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is satisfying that the scenario really explains everything that has happened, unlike some senseless approach permeated by many other fantasy and science-fantastic series with similar lines (unexplained phenomena of people who could not be there). And there is actually a subtext of the story - that we must "work" our tension and fatigue in a certain way, or simply do not function in a "normal" natural way. Also, keep in mind the look of the very sweet Iooman Barrows and the sudden absence of Ieoman Rand who did not return to the first Trek film '79. I believe that after this episode, even more Trek fans could not wait for the next appearance of all of their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with a final, perhaps tempting thought: if McCoi was killed (confirmed by Spock), how do we know that our real McCoi who returned to the ship? Perhaps this explains why this McCoye has still examined ships about a century later and very well agrees with Data.
