Another episode of childhood, which, as an adult, I look back with a different perspective. This was one of my favorite episodes of childhood, which really cemented my worship of this performance. However, when I look at this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is definitely one of the easiest, playing for laughter and fun, instead of dramatic and well-made stories in the previous episodes of this, their first and best season. Maybe this episode is written for a little R & R fans! As Mr. Spock would say, the story is simply not logical, but there are some fun lines like, of course, the final g. In the end, when the captain asks, McCoy and others enjoy their R & D and answer affirmatively, raise their eyebrows and say "Fascinating ..." only in the way that Mr. Spok could. An interesting story, of course, is the idea of ​​an amusement park that is actually fun (instead of the false and often unpleasant "disneyland" entertainment, for example), will be able to truly have it. Really, great idea, but not so well performed. And from Theodore Sturgeon, one of the great writers of the short story about the SFs that they used in the first season, he wondered how much was kissing the scenario that appeared in Sturgeon. Here is a little Trivia I learned on this site: In 1987, James Gunn founded Theodore Sturgeon Award for the Best Short Story of Scientific Fantasy. And I will quote the rest from this site: in 1968, he wrote "The Joy Machine," the third script for the Star Trek series, which has never been filmed. The main reason why it was not used in the series was that it contained expensive sequences of special effects that would be too much for their budget. However, the script has been adapted to the book by James Gunn, a scientific writer (Star Trek # 80, Original Series) and published in Pocket Books in 1996. this episode is still very pleasant, especially if you do not think too much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it, and we can return the next episode to the serious things of protecting the universe.
