A hollow man begins as a brilliant, but defective scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally works on how to make things visible again once their own serum has turned them into invisible. They test the serum on an already invisible gorilla and work perfectly, Caine and his team of assistants glory, but while he needs to report a breakthrough to his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first invisible man. It helps convince its team to help him and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, but when they try to get it back, the serum fails and remains invisible. Tim desperately seeks an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly loses control of reality as he realizes what power she has, but is unable to use her captured in the lab. But again, he is invisible to the right, he can do everything he wants ... Director: Paul Verhoeven. You know that it's only after Christmas, I saw this a few hours ago in late evening / early-morning cable television and the worst of all I was struggling, not because of the movie, but because of the chocolate and carbonated pop that I had in the past Sunday, so I will keep this brief overview. Сценарий Андрева В. Marlowa has a decent pace, but a little pulling in the middle and having a good central premise, it's necessary to be the basic idea that you'll be invisible and make you crazy as in the original The Invisible Man (1933) movie that Hollain Man apparently owes a fair bit. It succeeds in having an incredibly successful mix of horror, sci-fi and action and delivering good entertainment for 110 minutes. I thought the characters were fine, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, although I think it's generally known that Verhoeven does not deal with subtlety, the first thing Caine has sexually abused by one of his members when he enters the outside world, Caine rages a woman with the justification of 'who will know' Caine tells herself. Then, of course, it's up there, it shows that the rat is torn and it's just the starting scene after the loan, to be fair to him, violence is a bit scarce this time, but there's still a pretty nasty and sadistic tone about it. Saying that I love horror / gore / exploitation films so Hollov Man delivers for me, it's just that it can not be anybody's tea. Director Verhoeven does an excellent job, or it should be Boys with special effects make him a good one. The special effects in Holl Man are really spectacular and more or less impeccable, their brilliant and simple as he does. There is also a good set of choirs and action, even if the climactic battle is just over the top. I love the effect in which Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at the same time along with wreaths, organs and bones in full show, or when the other way around with Gorilla. There are several bloody moments, including a rat that is eating, somebody is pinched on the spike, or someone has an open head with spraying results. With a huge budget of about $ 95,000,000, Holl Man is technically flawless, I can imagine interviews on DVDs where some special effects say they mapped Bacon's whole body all the way to his last vein really did, because you know that everyone would see if one of his veins was missing or in the wrong position. is not it? The act was fine, made bacon for a good crazy scientist of an anti-hero type. Hollywood Man is one of the great budget Hollywood extravagans where effects and actions occupy a central position over any meaningful story. or character, but to be brutally honest, sometimes we all love it in a movie, I know well. A good, solid, big budget game with a slightly worse and darker series than the usual Hollywood product, definitely worth seeing.
