It seems that many IMDB comments on this film are biased, in the sense that they try to compare it with the older version. True, "HOLLOV MAN" is a rhyme of the kind of "INVISIBLE MAN", but that's where the similarities end. "HOLLOV MAN" is a fun movie, a period. If you're watching a movie with the intention of discovering as many shortcomings as possible, then you should not watch movies at all. True, some films are obviously horrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOV MAN" manages to entertain and think what would make you invisible and that you were with his friends. Kevin Bacon plays an eccentric scientist who, together with a team of associates, reveals how to make animals invisible. His mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (who work, as you can assume, for the Pentagon) think they have a formula for re-showing animals, Kevin bacon volunteers to try out a new experimental drug first. After that, of course, things go wrong, because Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the film and is obliged to wear a latex mask, so his associates know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and despair are beginning to take over Kevin's character, and when he finds out that his ex-girlfriend and associate (Elisabeth Shue) have a horrible affair with other young scientists in the team, he finally breaks. The film then turns into hybrid "ALIEN" and "black" movie, but that does not mean that it is a bad move. There are fears and winters, and the film is moving at a good pace. Special effects are top-notch (the quality that always prevails in Paul Verhoeven's entire films), while we see some sequences of "body reconstruction" that have never been seen on the movie before. If there is something to complain about, the situation in this document may be predictable; By the first hour of the film you know Kevin bacon will make a jump from a strange and eccentric to crazy killer at the end. And the ending is a bit quick, but in spite of this, HOLLOV MAN is still worth watching. If you want to know what a bad movie really is, then you lose money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or worse THE UNTOLD (or "Saskuatsh", with Land Henriksen). Now it's "hollow"! 8 * of 10 *!
