In 2006, AMPAS awarded one of the most innovative documentaries showing wildlife in the coldest place on Earth, the film was March of the Penguins, narrated by Academy Award-winning actor Morgan Freeman. Valt Disney Studios had a monopoly on the animated circuit for decades. They took their stabs to shoot an action movie live, and everyone hit it and missed it. Disney then created a sub-division called Disneinature and released his first feature film called Earth. This is absolutely one of the most informative and informative documentaries I've ever seen. The story of the great James Earl Jones, the Earth does not offer anything new to anyone who has watched the Discoveri Channel over the past five years or is following the global warming crisis very closely. The Earth is very deeply touched by this issue and takes a very liberal approach to the subject. It provides an emotional connection with nature that I have not experienced before. It also shows not only the beauty and mysterious parts of our beautiful planet, but also the unpleasant and disturbing aspects that it often includes. One thing to see is that Mufas falls from a cliff to a stampede or Bambi mother killed by a hunter in the middle of a forest. Everything is fine, because at the end of the film we know it's just a movie. This shows penguins, polar bears, elephants, all kinds of families, from all spheres of life, who live and die in their natural habitats. These real things make the real experience of the movie. Although it is a bit difficult for the graphic nature of the film (which many people do not agree with), the Earth is a touching experience. There is a stunning cinematic action of the great camera team and George Fenton's incredible result. Compared with Mart Pingvin or Grizzly Man, he really does not have any measure, but he is excellent in himself. At the end of the day, you grow respect for our planet and a little sadness, as many of us will probably never come to these places where we will be witnesses of the film. We live here, but as if we never explored the planet for some reason. The country is beautiful. *** / ****
