First of all, the release date is 2009, not 2007 for this feature-length documentary about nature. It should be more correctly called: "Earth, 2009". Secondly, let me turn to the complaints of some reviewers who watched the TV series "Planeta Zemlja" in 2006. I did not see this series, but I learned that this film is full of the length of this TV series in 2006. I judge on any film, at his own merits, not by his own source. I judge the results myself, and the results of "Earth 2009" are really great. I reject this trivial complaint by some critics: that it is simply an extended version of the 2006 TV series "Planet Earth". So what? That does not matter. As a film lover and one who watched dozens of documentaries about nature in my life, I was amazed and very impressed with "Earth 2009". This is a debut film from Disnei's new Disnei division and is followed by pioneering and award-winning documentary films from the 1950s and 1960s by Walt Disnei. Cinema, movie montage, music score, sound and narration are great. There were also several other documentary films about nature that were also highlighted in these categories. What really sets the "Earth, 2009" is its scope. It literally covers the entire planet, covering all seven continents. After the first review, it was obvious that this documentary film demanded enormous effort and amount of time and talent to create. Three production houses should have made this incredible documentary film. Earth, 2009 convincingly tells stories of four types of their great migrations because it spans one year of the season begins in January and ends in December, from the North Pole to the South Pole. For this film, two special new high-tech cameras were used: one camera has a motorized rotating motorized 360 degree lens, the other is a HD camera set at incredible 1000 frames per second. This technique of recording really added the drama and beauty to some of the scenes of "Earth, 2009", especially the Cheetah hawks and large white sharks jumping out of the water to catch sea lions and a view from the air that crosses the edge of the world's largest waterfall. There are many incredibly beautiful recordings in this documentary. Through cinema, music and narration, in this documentary there is drama, sorrow, humor and great beauty. With great music performed by the world-famous Berliner Philharmoniker, excellent creative and technical cinema and narrative of James Earl Jones, I believe that "Earth, 2009" is the biggest documentary film ever recorded. Five years of hard work, patience, talent and dedication have really paid off well. This movie should be needed for watching in all schools around the world. I foresee, among other things, the Oscars for the best documentary film. A truly, incredible, stunning, exciting and magnificent documentary film. Very highly recommended
