This is a film about nature. Porn, I do not mean sex. I mean free images (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of morruses, or a huge waterfall or iceberg. It seems that several recordings in the movie exist just to break into a trailer, so that people can watch the cinema all ten seconds before it disappears, and not see again for the rest of the movie. > In this film, there is almost no complication. He said that we are expecting a story about three animal families, "better than Mart Penguin," the film just does not bring. The crime is based on three key areas: (1) writers who have given James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell in the history of the movie about nature, (2) a music team that has dramatized everything to tell you what you need to feel, even when the film does not motivate, and ultimately, but the most important (3) editors who jumped the story from place to place without rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, sucking life from the whole film - a film about life. When we reached the whales in half of the film, I sank back into my seat with fear, hoping to hope that the movie will be more than halfway, and that I will be able to survive the long endurance test along with the animals on the screen. In the film, almost no science. They attributed the warm and cold (all that, not just the seasons) exclusively to the earthly inclination, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extreme locations from location to site, if there was no inclination, because the poles would never warm up. And the worst would be that we had no rotation (in relation to a revolution) such as Merkur, because half of the planet would bake and the other half would freeze. Then, at the end, they used the term "humans and animals", as if people were not animals, somehow excluded from the law of nature. So much for science. However, I must admit the operation of the camera, and that is why I call it pornography of nature. From super-slow motion to what looks like fine-tuned mechanically-controlled photography at a time interval, it is used to provide some (and cautious, just "some") staggering moments that rise at least in relation to other natural films. However, I'm not convinced that it was all on the screen. Some of the shots that showed a big hole in Africa, changing from season to season, looked like CGI. The director could have expected such suspicion and incorporate other footage to show that everything was natural, but they did not do it. For a film about Earth I expected much more than Earth to be shown. What we saw is intact. We had to take the word narrator that some species were endangered by climate change. They did not show us the evidence. They did not show us the Albertine poison pit that is visible from the universe. They did not show us much pacific dirt. They did not show us a nightmare of human light pollution around the planet. They are the Earth like everything else. Why hide it for a good refreshment? My latest critique of content is a predation. Every time the screen showed the predator who was hunting prey, music almost turned into that Mt Doom scene from Lord of the Rings, while the predator was portrayed as a kind of Sauron's ultimate evil character. But predators are not evil. They perform the necessary service, ensuring that the best members of the prey survive. We are predators ourselves. Every time the predator caught the prey, we immediately separated from something else, somehow pretending that death and eating were not actually happening. The ultimate insult was the "daddy" of the polar bear who was left to die after he dared to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!", You can almost hear them say it. At the presentation itself. My theater may be partially wrong for this, but maybe not. I expected to see something with greater clarity than I could see on my HDTV LCD home at home. But the picture was blurry, and it was presented in the same 16: 9 ratio that I could get at home instead of the broader ratio of many of the films that are coming these days. And during an action scene near the end, the movie (I can not imagine this happening digitally, as it looked) was damaged, and we lost several colors, in the end completely darkened. This was repeated about three times. If they really put a tree in my name, it will pay off. But how will I know?
