A spoiler warning is for those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, although I do not mention it in detail. "Earth" is approx. A 90-minute movie version based on "Planet Earth" that I watched all on BBC TV. The TV version was told by David Attenborough, an amazing commentator, whom I wanted to do for Earth, but Patrick Stevart, Star Trek Captain Picard. There are regular Earth images from the universe, so it's convenient. In any case, there is enough nice and quiet voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we follow the animal life on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. Three families of animals, polar bear, elephant and whale appear in more than one part. Each "chapter" begins with the indication of how far it is from the north pole or the equator. We see something of every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some wonderful images of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, which is almost perfectly representing the diversity of life and landscape and climate on earth. The impression is that only animals are inhabited by our planet: people or villages or towns are not in the film, so it's a typical documentary about nature, but amazingly amazing with wonderful music. When the film was open, I already knew it would be too early for me. It's a family movie, so there are no brutal killings of animals. When a hunter is caught by his hunter, he ends a shot, and in other cases, when we see that a prey is caught, he is recorded in a slow motion, which makes him less violent and visible to young children (age 6 in the Netherlands). Blood is not shed. Some scenes (newborn animals) are really sweet and children will adore them. It looks like a plain natural movie, but when you know how long it took (4000) and how much money it cost, it's still a stunning piece of beauty. It was the Dutch prime minister yesterday, a month before release, in a 500-seat cinema, of which 15 were filmed. It seems that true beauty is rarely interesting for cinema visitors. Since I knew about the TV series, of course I was very curious that my favorite scenes would enter this film. Some are not, but the most impressive recordings (big waterfalls) are, fortunately. I cried for the first time in a natural film.
