I did not hear anything except great things about the television mini-series "Planet Earth", which my childhood idol told David Attenborough. Regardless of whether it was shown here in Australia or not, I never got it, and when I had the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)' ?? compilation of a feature film of the same nature of the recording ?? on the big screen I jumped on a chance. The theater was basically empty; only one other protector was sitting in line in front of me, and it was as if I had, not only a big screen for myself, but, indeed, the whole planet Earth. In 90 minutes, I was lowered into the beauty and dangers of isolated wilderness, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever recorded on the movie. Terrible in its extent, and sometimes painfully intimate, 'Earth' is a sincere appeal from filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet, and how the imposing of people has set countless famous animal and plant species on the brink of extinction. Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously advocates the preservation of the wilderness, refrains from piercing us through propaganda, and the puzzle that politics is completely ignored; Indeed, there is no human being in sight. Instead, we are simply taken to a journey that takes away the breath into the majesty of the natural world, to experience the resistance, as well as the fragility, of life on Earth. I hear that the original mini-series, which lasted eleven episodes, deepens deeper into the scientific background of world ecosystems, but I think that the authors made a wise decision to replace information with an emotional effect: I can. I remember the last time I felt so inspired and yet completely broken heart at the same time. By establishing an emotional connection between the audience and the selected few individual animals, which anthropomorphizes them to a certain extent, we are suddenly able to understand the "human side" of every kind, and their hopeless situation for survival becomes less statistics and more unacceptable Tragedy. "Earth" basically consists of a series of dramatic episodes, whether it is a battle of a female polar bear to take its young cubs to the Arctic ice, or the elephant's elephant. seasonal flood waters delta Okavango. The documentary demonstrates a delicate balance between life and death, which is most cordially exposed in the desperate ballet of interaction between predators and prey. Although occasionally, perhaps taking care of the younger audience, the video shrink at a crucial moment, I regularly threw a tear on the inevitability of death in nature, and a crude instinct that drives the final, hopeless efforts of these animals in survival. In hunting, even a lovely hunter can be found, as in a slow-motion shoot of a leopard who lowered his prey (as a result of a fateful wrong step), or in the magnificent jump of mid-air large white sharks. takes over the unhappy sea lion. It is this fragile balance that is deadly due to the selfishness of our kind. In addition to these main stories, we are treated with short cuts of wildlife from around the world, including the birds of the paradise of Papua New Guinea and the autumn migration of demo cranes. Of course, entire films could only be devoted to these types, and the inevitable consequence of the need to sift through so many recordings is that some interesting ecosystems are far away and taken fast. By choosing to focus most on polar bear, elephant and humpback whale? searching for their lifestyles, through some stunning footage in high-definition time-lapse, during the calendar year ?? filmmakers managed to avoid any structural problems that might arise from showing so much, and only 90 minutes to show it. Accordingly, 'Earth' has left me thirsty for more, and, fortunately, now I have about eleven o'clock, as soon as I can find a copy of the DVD box for Planet Earth. Raising and tearing, exciting and heartbreaking, 'Earth' is truly a magnificent documentary experience and maybe it's my favorite film from 2007.
