Riget II is a good sequel, but not as good as the first one. It seems that this series is not as serious as the first one. There is a lot more comedy in this, but good. We returned to Danish Rigshospitalet, the Danish national hospital. Ms. Drusse just leaves the hospital while her job is over, but fate wants it to be different. Soon the ghosts are hunted, and Helmer makes everything crazy and will soon be worse because black forces are released in the Kingdom. Certainly a lot of fun, but you seem to take the series a little less seriously. The story has retained many elements from the latest series and added some new ones. It's well written, but some of the new elements are just kind of silly, but they save it by making them more comedy. Good story, but not as good, original and exciting as the first series. Actors are the same with some add-on in a regular post. They are all very good. It's a strange story and environment. Some parts are total freaks and characters are changing during the show, so it would not be a serious task and to be realistic. However, these actors are perfectly cope with this situation. Much of the good features from the first series remains intact. Cinema is one of these qualities. A handheld camera that Triera made world famous gives this series tension and reality. It gives the camera the unique ability to move and track characters and Trier uses these abilities. Good, moving, great lightning and good composition and editing make this pleasure to watch. Prepare to see a better effect in this sequel in the first. Also be prepared to see something else. I did not think the green thing was too good. I thought it was unoriginal and it did not fit. However, effects like ghosts are really good. Non-digital effects also look good. The little brother looks really weird, but you accept it. I would say that the effects of OK are good. The music is also pretty good. Moody and nice. Some of them are really touchy. It fits nicely. As the first, he has little music in action scenes and works well. All this together makes a good continuation. If you saw Riget, you can see this without disappointment. It has many of the same qualities as the first series. However, I would recommend that you look at the first series before you see it. These two make a series you do not want to miss.
