The city assembly takes over the policy of the city, not the country, the state or any big political table. It is approved to shine on New York, which is a huge political arena, especially today, but it is still going to a smaller extent and puts a microscope on several key players in a scandal that encountered the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director who knows well the elements of the trillers who performed Mercuri Rising, Malice and domestic harassment, and I think that he in many ways involves as many of the formular thriller genres that are almost at fault. I think the town hall is conceived as a political drama, not as a thriller, but when everything is done and done, and when you reach the meat and potatoes of the film, it feels and looks like a thriller, but decent in that way with a very important part of the recipe which immediately stands out ... what else ... or better said, who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins with a good insight into life in the mayor's office and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, it extends its political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his relationship, and then get to know some of the events in the city. As events unfold, a mystery begins, and the political aspect remains in the background, but it still has a great setting. I absolutely hate to talk about Al Pacino. I mean, even if ONCE did not give a good performance, how can I say it? Man works royal. There is only something brilliant in his entire behavior. Pacino plays the New York City Mayor. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately appears to be a very respectable politician. He also brings one of the most powerful and open speeches I've ever seen at the James Bone funeral. I repeated this speech four times and the first time I watched Pacino give it, my mouth opened and I almost wanted to get up and applaud. His brilliantly written and brilliantly delivered Pacino. John Kusak, whom I really enjoy as an actor, turns into a central and exaggerated effect as Deputy Mayor Kevin Kalun. He's in the focus of the film, and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they're on the screen, but there's just something in this show ... it seems like it's trying too hard. His accent is just bizarre, and although he should be nasty and frightening, he does not seem to be doing it. Maybe he had a movie. Bridget Fonda, working out of her top star, works well as Maribeth Cogan's widowed lawyer. Its performance is very similar to Cusack's in that it does not seem to find its groove with this character. Danny Aiello is great, although his character is a bit less explored as a democratic boss with links to the mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau makes a decent comedy as a judge under the control of Valter Stern. The problem with the city hall is visible in my review of characters and actors. Everybody's ... okay. There are many stories they try to perform without actually showing them, and unfortunately leaves you a little confused about the whole plot. And of course, you have Al Pacino in a pretty small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant in that and outperforms and overshadows every other actor in the movie. They almost feel as if they are scared by being on the screen with them. So, the City Hall could be this huge political epic drama / thriller, but it felt cut and tinted to the average running of the mill, but this still needs to be seen for Pacina and a different shift in the internal work of politics. If you do not want to see this movie than to find Pacin's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the word "charging" does not give justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because in the main film he pulls out this trick. Speech and makes you feel it. If you are a fan of John Cousac who I am ... he definitely did better, but he is the main character and in everything he gets his justice. A decent movie, but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
