The movie deals with the classic theme. In fact, it's about the theme that Batman uses from the beginning to the end, but in the actual data and details. The Mayor of New York has appreciated and was very diligent and dynamic in order to get a project through something faster than normal, is subjected to a certain pressure by some private business executives about a criminal drug dealer who was supposed to be sent and held in jail and pressure the judge to release him on conditional liberty despite the negative report on the probation that disappears, but is not destroyed, only because of the political value it represents. And what happened and a few people, including a black schoolboy, were killed in a shootout between a police detective and that criminal. The city could explode because of: racial tension over the black school boy and social tension due to the uncertainty that criminals walk freely and continue with their criminal activities that represent the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show this tension very well and monitors the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find out the truth and discover it. But, by the way, several witnesses were killed, and those who played a role in the whole business were forced to retire (judge) to end their career and life (contractor or contractor), a public official who was ready to deliver missing probation report, and some suspicious character after giving some key information. The mayor himself retreats and goes on a long vacation; However, the main interest of the film is the research of a history that the mayor tries to conceal the problem and distortions that he remembers to have done in the past, which led to a mistake in this case. Political philosophy is that nothing is pure white or purely black and that everything is gray that is never pleasing to decision-makers is called as an excuse for wrong, but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the necessary compromises in order to arrive at some consensus in some domains that are key to the public interest. We are saying that we consider it less important to make a bad decision about some small or supposedly small crime from an infrastructure or economic project in the city. That's not typical for New York. That's right in any office for the mayor. It is only more significant in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area such as New York and of course in a city or country where police administrations are municipal and controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor pushes the old mayor out of the way, and he refuses his ambition to be governor of New York to become the president of the United States. The mayor is perfect for what Al Pacino offers us, because he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with one face expression, making the whole dialogue useless. I think that the end is a bit snappy with the former deputy mayor who runs campaigns on his own behalf. It seems that this means he was so tied to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor in his own way. Hence, he is no better than everyone else, he is only too young in his own ambition. Dr. Jacques COLLAREAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Ivelines
