I read negative comments before I looked at this movie and did not get upset, I continued to watch. I admit that I had to rewind several times, because the film is incredibly complex, involved and full of detail. It's a good thing, but also pretty unexpected in this car-hunt culture, explosions, free sex, and general violence that are replacing land and character development. In fact, what kind of welcoming welcome, however, I'm so used to being not paying much attention to what I'm looking at. This film is full of character and plot lines; the kind we analyzed when I was in high school. It requires a real mental involvement of the observer. How nice the change. I would compare it with "All Presidents of the People" in terms of generic themes. That is, the mystery is about the intense misbehavior of elected officials and those who have enough influence on the officials to essentially "own" them. Unlike 'All the President's Men', this movie aims to give a couple of characters real personality. In this sense, the film is a character study such as 'Negotiatior' with Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In this film, their characters are also employed in the city and the action is extremely intense. However, the plot depends on the ability of their characters to work with each other, they have confidence in each of them and ultimately unite against the corrupted Police Administration. There are more pistols in this film and the specific action is different, but generic, there are many similarities. I will say that the City Hall requires much more concentration. Actually, I realized how much it was in parallel with past and present political scandals that I saw in my life and returned to Watergate. The thing is, the public knows that something is wrong, surely! but it's hard to do tracking details. This film is not nearly as complex as real life, but in reality it is realistic in its complexity. I think this is one of the reasons why previous posters criticized the film: unrealistic expectations. If someone is watching this knowing what to see and experience, it's really great! I watched him 3 times in a row! The acting is wonderful and the direction is flawless. The weakest link is the accent of John Cusack.
