Five more hours Rigeta. Lars continues a great combination of occult, dark horror and soap drama. Breaking exactly where the last episode of the previous series stood (complete with the same high intensity and uncertainty, although it does not last, for better or worse), this installation in the franchise seems to be somewhat more prone to speed ... in the latest series, it seems to have passed day or week between each episode, while it's clear that one long string ... where one episode ends, the following begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both qualities are indicative of this. The action continues its excellence, now gives a few regular characters who were smaller players in the previous four episodes of more attention. Basically every character from the first returns, at least as far as the main roles are concerned. Pacing is not as sharp as in the first part, and I was less affected by this. It is not in any way to say that it did not involve me, but ... I continued to watch myself, and on several points I reacted strongly, often loudly, to what was going on (extremely unusual behavior for me, as which I am incredibly silent person), as I was during the first one. Like the first one, this also leads to some ethical issues. Building on the foundation of the first, this further brings the story ... and as a continuation, the scope is also greater. Grander. More ghosts, more bizarre phenomena, more backgrounds. The strong graphic material of the first one also returns, and this has grown rapidly. The characters are developing further. The acting is amazing as well as acting. Udo Kier fortifies his huge talent, to anyone who doubted it. Playing a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series can most likely figure out what I mean) * and * acting in a language that did not speak (later named) ... and still delivers such a strong performance. Cinema remains large, it is still very handy, with quick zooming and occasional taking. The editing is sharp, with several direct cuts to the sound (although they were more pronounced in the first one). Now, with all that is said, I really would like to be able to rate this perfect 10 ... or at least just below, as the first four episodes. I honestly enjoy watching, and I do not regret even the least. But this has disadvantages ... those that had the first part and many more. First of all, humor takes up too much space ... and this time is even worse. There are several new regular characters that have no other reason other than providing a comic relief ... three of them, nothing less. Scenes are set up and executed only because the audience laughs. Good for comedy, but what does it do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing less than sadistic times, horror? Helmer's lonely secret hideout of loneliness was changed from the roof of the hospital ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... into the bathroom. With an angle from the inside of the bowl. No, you read that right. Generally speaking, humor seems to be more low-quality ... more sex and jokes of body functions, which again raises the question "Why?". While much of the writing is excellent, some of them are really terrible. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (it could be assumed because of their popularity when broadcasting). Sometimes the drama seems a little more bombastic than the first, and sometimes it jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely but still noticeable, points and parcel items are being explained too easily (a certain figure living in Denmark for no reason, for example ... anyone who saw that he knows who I am talking to). Two dishwashers, although still mysterious and discerning, become too tricks ... too overdone, in the end, I suppose. Most scenes with them are pleasant. In addition, I want to convince every reader that despite all the negative things, I have just written that this is still mostly good ... definitely favorable, convincing, strong ... and in my humble opinion, it should certainly be See anyone who first liked it (even if it belonged to that group; do not expect to feel that the story ended after you've watched this more than you did after the first one). I recommend this to every fan of Lars von Trier and to everyone who enjoyed the first Riget and wants more from where he came from. I invite anyone who even thinks to watch this to make sure that you see everything before you do it ... I bought this before I bought it first, but I continued to watch until I bought the first one and watched it, and I can not Tell you how glad I am to do it. Although this includes a brief overview of events in the first, there is a huge amount of detail and aspects that you would miss if you did not see them before watching this. A little bit further, but certainly another one to watch if you liked the first one. 8/10
