As a transplanted New Yorker, perhaps I am more critical than most watching the City Hall. But I must say that before I reached the story itself, I was enchanted by the location of the site and the political atmosphere of New York created by director Harold Becker. For example, there is a reference to the Voerner's restaurant in Brooklyn where political boss Frank Anselmo likes to eat. There is or was a Voerner restaurant on Remsen Street in downtown Brooklyn when I lived in New York in 1996. It was actually particularly popular among political people in Borough, even though they had several more hangouts. It is not surprising that the script is co-author Nicholas Pileggi who continues to write political and organized stories about crime. He knows the atmosphere well and surely knows how these two worlds cross like in this film. The detective played by Nestor Serrano is going to an unofficial meeting with a cousin of mafia boss Anthony Francios and things come off and three people are dying, including an innocent six-year-old boy whose father went to school. The story of the fungus and finally reached the City Hall itself. Al Pacino plays the mayor of John Pappas, and John Cusack is his deputy, a transplanted Louisiana, a state that has a tradition of lonely corruption. He is an outsider here and trying to control the damage, Cusack finds more than he asked, Danny Aiello plays the political boss of Brooklyn Frank Anselm, and for those of you who are not from New York, his character is based on the late County President Kueens Donald Manes which was also demolished by a scandal. He is a very kind of Brooklyn politician whom I knew in a day whose friendship with organized crime and services was done for them, not Aiello. Citi Hall was a farewell performance on the movie for Anthony Francios The most prized and lesser-valued talents ever on the screen. Nobody sees anyone else whenever it is on it. Al Pacino's best moment is when the funeral of a murdered little child takes over the process and turns him into a political triumph for himself. His complex part, he is a decent man, but the one caught up in corruption is needed to climb to a place like New York. For those who want to know about political life in Great Apple, City Hall is recommended.
