THE PERVERT'S GUIDE TO CINEMA (2007) **** <br /> <br /> If Loving Cinema makes me perverted, so be it! If you're a real 'moviefreak' like me then I'm sure you can not get enough movies about filmmaking and I do not necessarily need a dry documentary film then. I mean the total discourse on the experience of watching a movie. So if that's the case, I got a movie movie experiment for you. In Sophie Fiennes (Sister Ralph and Joseph if you were wondering) saw the cinema philosopher Slavoj Žižek taking over the cinema with some impressive (and often irrelevant) everything from the quiet time of Čaplin to the modern age of the Vachovski brothers, analyzing , exploring and pontifying the psycho-sexual basis, the socioeconomic, political and, of course, the indefinable magic of film experience with its steadfast, decisive and almost frenetic dissertations. From the explanation of how Bates's house in PSIHO actually viewed the psyche of conflicted Norman Bates with every level as his Ego, Superego & Id is one thing, but then to suggest the same thing about every Mark's brother in barely winning is an extraordinary test of faith that wins the skeptical layman . Although I had no idea who Zizek was? looks like the hybrid of Brian DePalma's film, European actor Rade Sherbedzija and the hyperkinetic energy of filmmakers Quentin Tarantino and Martin Scorsese ?? with its crippling tongue and passion, the host encounters a crazy prophet. Fiennes cleverly inserts Zizek into several backgrounds of movie clips that were produced during the shooting of a witty tone, but still allows ranting and drunkenness to continue full-paired for argumentation in three acts covering the gamut of films. likes Kubrick, Lincha, Hitchcock and films as diverse as VIZARD OF OZ, RED SHOES and FIGHT CLUB. There is something for everyone and if one person can challenge or at least reason to discuss the subject of the film? even if they are Freudian / Jungian to error? then I say this collection of film theory is worth watching. Look for it now if you can before reaching your home video; that's the only way to appreciate it.
