There is a danger for critics / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film directed by Sophie Fiennes, which together combines a wonderful amalgam of quiet, horror, science fiction, surreal and other contemporary trilogers to make his points Freudian comparisons and overloads. However, in the Pervert's cinema guide, it makes even the far reaching point of departure from any other analysis I've seen on the collective part of the movies. Although it does not cover the vast territory of Scorsese's documentaries, the same contributions are there, and Zizek has a definite love for all these "perverted" examples and films, primarily Hitchcock, Linch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. However, you should not go into this - if you can find it, it's that I see that Zizek has only tried to clarify all the psycho-sexual parts or parts that point him in a blunt, disturbed manner. If anything goes to the points that would never be considered different - would anyone think of the three Marx brothers as representing Id, Super-Ego and Ego (Harp's example is most firm for me). He is not just one of those who take over classics, he also considers foods for thinking in the Matrix and the Fight Club - in the views of the separation between fantasy and reality, and if the matrix needs energy as much as the energy energy needs a matrix for the first, and binding for violence in dealing with one's own self, as well as for those who duplicate in another. He even throws a piece from the key moment in the Revenge of the Sith when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of avoiding paternity under that mask when the children are born elsewhere. Ideals of paternity, male sexuality, male point of view in transforming fantasy into reality (at that moment Zižek rightly points to the moment of creation of the nightmare), and female subjectivity, maybe been investigated mostly by the dead with Vertigo. This is also true for the scene that Žižek deconstructs as if it were a Zapruder movie, where they cut out three fatal points of psycho-sexual attitude in the "Do not Look At Me" scene in Blue Velvet. Now one thing would be that Zizek himself went on making these sincere, excited and somehow convincing points only on the camera or mainly in the voice as Scorsese does. But he goes a step further to emphasize his points of fantasy and reality, and how they overlap, shrink, become the same, or spread decisively into some underground world or the primal sense of some characters (ie, the Lost Highway) by putting himself Na the locations in which the films are shown. The funniest is that he sees him for the first time in the boat "going" by the same dock to the tip of the head Tippi Hedren at the beginning of the Bird; Equally as funny as the Blue Velvet lawn bay and explains the multiple points of Frank Booth; only one, when it's like Solaris, looks a little sweet. But Zizek seems to be having fun with this setup, and after a while, he overtakes the potential core of this trick and Žižek's words pass. There were some movies that I would of course want You were expecting, mostly from Hitchcock and Linch, but the treat for movie lovers came from looking at two things - movies you would never have thought to look at in a film about movies under the title The Pervert's Guide of Cinema (the first two for me would be Disney Pluto's cartoon and exposure to Chaplin's films, although with a great note about the power and distinction of 'voices'), and those you have not seen before (ie the dread horror movie, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, a few others) who are inspiring the current feelings of 'v au, I have to see it immediately, without question. ' Žižek is a powerful writer with his work, and puts him forward with clarity that resembles why we are watching movies at all, to have fun, of course, but also that we have a real experience of sitting and something up there, as he said, looking at the toilet. It's probably one of the biggest cinema films and in such a brilliant little analysis that Freud enters movies about desire, id / super-ego / ego and supernatural in fantasy, which you may never see. ... non-exclusive distribution is finally launched, at least at the lowest levels.
