"Cinema is the ultimate art of distortion, it does not give you what you want, it tells you how to want it." So begins the "Guide to the Pervert Film", in which Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain-scalpel to world cinema. This three-part movie is the second documentary directed by Sophie Fayns (yes, sister Ralph and Josip), and this is a notable achievement, in which a 2 1/2 hour talk from one man remains a funny and interesting stream. Basically, it's an extended film lecture and one of the best ones you'll ever get. Throughout the film, Žižek leads us through a catalog of obsession and desire in film history. He touches more than 40 films and, in particular, spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Brothers Marks and Eisenstein. But he also looks closer to "Person", "Conversation", "Three Colors: Blue", "Dogville", "Club of Fighters" and "Exorcist". The thematic, Žižek's research on cinema ranges from thoughts about the death drive to the "coordinates of desire," and from gnosticism to "partial objects". It took you a few minutes to support your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not patient in psychoanalytic theory, Žižek's dynamic and hilarious person carries the movie forward with such a pleasure that you will not face a specialized language. The movie often cuts the movie clips into Zizek's images * within the film they are talking about - that is, at the original locations and sets. Transitions in these sequences maintain such tension and humor that the trick never grows old. Zizek himself is constantly laughing us, either from bizarre small jokes or from his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, the bold edipal interpretation of "Bird". And this attitude that moves forward and laugh, in parts and Fiennes and Žižek, is essential for the gonzo character of the film. It's a spoonful of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's weird medicine. After all, do not we all have the feeling that, for a certain moment, psychologists only drag their feet?
