Keep in mind that any film (let alone a documentary) that expounds any kind of truth, produce an unfavorable and proportional amount of cynicism, from those to whom any suggestion or quest for truth is already meaningless, those of you who are Masters of Psychology, Film, and Captain of the soul will undoubtedly find this film superfluous, after all, you already know everything that can be known. Congratulations. For those of us in a minority like me, I found "The Perverts Guide To Cinmea" .... mostly brilliant, and worth the attention to those who are interested in movies, psychology and modern philosophy Little as Scott McLouds "Understanding comics", director Sophie Fiennes, interviews Slavoja Žižek, a Slovenian philosopher, psychologist and social critic, right in many of the films and specific scenes she is talking about. On the front cover is a picture from the "Bird" (Žižek pulls the boat to re-shoot). Lacan's psychoanalysis, he does not necessarily have to scream, an evening of fun ... but he is! If you love movies that ... You have some knowledge of Lacanian psychoanalysis that helps (symbolically, realistic and imaginative) are concepts that are initially scattered, but the scenes that Zizek selects and analyzes makes them extremely clear. what has always been for me is a very abstract topic. In fact, it's probably better to know the films it discusses than the terminology it uses, which becomes clearer how the film continues. Why I love this movie is not because it selects excellent films to analyze or discover great truths about Lacan, but it shows in a very practical and smart way, where film and psychology (and by default philosophy) meet . Why is the "Sound of Music" somehow fascist, why is "Short Cut" about more than class and alienation, why birds attack in "Birds", what is there to learn about the mind from "Alien Resurrection" , what is the "Solaris" planet? what, "Psycho" and "Brothers Marx" have to do with each other, and what the hell, David Linch in the film after the film ... well, Zizek has some ideas. The role of the voice in The Ecorcist and Star Wars: The Revenge Of The Sith, maybe movies is the most powerful and brightest moment when it comes to female sex subjectivity I start to wonder ... in one At the moment Žižek recognizes the feeling that the flowers are some kind of decorative vagina, they are disgusting and should be hidden from children (in a joke, it seems but ...). Anyway, it's a fascinating documentary, which anyone who ever saw a movie and thought it meant something more than it was literally said, should try to see. Anyone interested in Slavoj Žižek, this is obligatory, much less dry than the "reality of the virtual", and more directly from "žižek!", Two more pseudo-documents, about "Elvis of Contemporary Cultural Critique" , because he is in the English speaking field. The Perverts Guide To Cinema is NOT about the role of sex in the cinema. Žižek claims that the film is an ultimate perverse art, as it teaches "how to want, not what to want," and that it is the only contemporary art form that can enable the articulation of these desires. This is not a movie about finding reality in cinema, but about finding cinema in reality, and how important and exciting it is. It's hard to find, and a bit long, but worth the effort, one of the "stimulating" film experiences I've ever had.
