He is agile, sweaty, slightly crossed eyes and restless. He stands in front of us and calls himself a pervert. He claims that we are ?? gledaoci filma ?? perceive the screen as a VC shell and all secretly want everyone to explode from the inside. He is unpredictable and terrifying. Okay??? Come on, you can imagine so far: he is one of the leading philosophers of our time. Slavojčić is also a narrator and the subject of an exceptional new film, Sophie Fiennes, a Guide to Cinema in a Pervert. Phoenix illustrates the feature-length lecture led by Jack, and it does so in two ways: by providing suitable movie clips and putting execks on real (or reconstructed) locations from the films he is talking about. It's always nice to watch neatly recorded scenes from great movies (although Revenge of the Sith came here), but the main attraction of the Guide to the Pervert? is ?? i ?? Ek himself. What makes a movie so entertaining to watch is an irresponsible question that can not be helped, but ask again and again: what is unheard of, screen views or screen presence? In the documentary Astra Taylor (?? ??,? 05), a Slovenian philosopher at one point acknowledged the fear of silence. Because, he claimed, he feels that he does not exist at all, the only way that all other people can be persuaded to do so is to constantly speak feverishly. And he talked about how. And A Pervert's Guide? dominated by his voice? delivering the perfect English in the craziest way and making some stunning spots in the cinema. Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's repulsion toward the voice picture as a sign of universal fear of the voice itself (the type of alien force that takes over the human being? Think of the trumpet of the Dead of Night [45]). He says that the perverse nature of a movie is that it teaches us that we want certain objects, and not to provide them. He identifies Groucho Marcus as a super ego, Chico as an ego and Harpo as an id. He shows a million other interesting things, and we can not take our eyes off him all the time, so his chances are convincing (and enchanting). At some point, I could not help but look at his dense, lean hair and wonder what the brain is like below. The desire, of course, for more insight. The most prominent are reading Lincha and Hitchcock (which is not a surprise because he wrote about both). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly arranged clips from their works has made those parts ?? unlike others ?? it's hard to argue, because it looks like he really did fix things on these two directors. This does not apply to his reading of Tarkovsky, for example, on whom he ruthlessly imposes his completely materialistic view of reality, rejecting exactly what is so significant in Tarkovsky's whole (namely, strong religious intuitions and images). The question is not whether it is? And? Ek is inspiring and brilliant, because it is; or it's worth watching Fiennes, because it's the same. The real question is: are the views coherent? One smart perception behind the other causes a huge intellectual drive, but after everything is over, some doubts remain. For example: while considering Vertigo (58), eg says that what is hidden behind the human face is the perfect emptiness, which makes the face just a facade: something of deception in its own way. However, when we hear in the final sequence of the continuous ending of the Citi Lights (31) as a portrait of a human being completely exposed to the other, it is difficult to ask: what happened to the whole facade? ? Why would we give Chaplin's face the essential value of the right things and deprive Kim Novak of this same privilege in two bold? Or maybe this inconsistency can be read in Lacan's terms too? (The name of the notorious "unreadable" French psychoanalyst is essential for "and" eccentric thought.) The film has all the virtues of a great lecture of two and a half hours: many terrains are covered, many perspectives are employed, even some first-class sages (when traveling on by Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63]) and trying to think like he did, he comes to "I want to f ** k Mitch!") But there is also one drawback that is not inherent in two and a half hours of lectures: it is almost obsessively digressive. The Czech yarn about how far away from Real is equally good and any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after about 80 minutes it becomes quite clear that one of the perverse pleasures is wandering on and on constantly changing subjects.The overall effect is that you are taken by a giant, cold waves: at the same time you are surprised, refreshed, in deadly danger and confused there is no end. When you're done watching, your head is full of ideas that are not yours and you're already planning to watch some movies again, but you also share the feeling that you've survived the accident. The ultimate question is: Have you lost it? Or did not we come close to the right thing? When cinephilia becomes punishable by imprisonment, we will all meet in one big cell and finally talk to one another (they do not have any movies around to turn our faces). I challenge you all: who will have the courage to come closer? My guess is that once you look into your eyes in real life, you become a believer.
