Her Deadli Rival (1995): starring Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinklei, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, Villyam Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Dick Frie, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorie Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Ami Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Vilcok, Al Viggins, Jeff Sumerel , Daria Sanford .... Director James Haiman, Screenplay Dan Vining. The actor Harry Hamlin (from LA Lav fame, Clash of the Titans and other films) looks perfectly thrown into this film "Lifetime" directed by James Haiman and released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Rinn, will later to work on a movie about sex addiction. "Her Deadli Rival" is, at first glance, similar to the famous Hollywood hit side "Fatal Attraction". In "Rivale," the happy couple Jim and Chris Lanford moved to a new home in typically beautiful suburbs. They have a seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite the routine way of life. But then the mysterious admirer puts a look at Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite the attempt by Jim and even the investigators to find out who she is. He constantly maltreats Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost goes on until his wife begins to think she has an affair and tries to conceal it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the actors - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinklei, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, Villiam Blair - everyone looks right out of the soap. But this is a drama that is filled with tension and has its good moments. In the end there is a plant. Spoiler Alert. All I have to say is "her deadly rival" is only she. Based on the supposedly real case, Jim's wife, Chris, suffered from a multiple personality disorder, and this destroyed her marriage. Even if the story is not terribly impressive, even if the acting is just a step above the action of the soap opera, this film has its moments. Especially they are moving intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he can not believe what he just heard. The film is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it is a kind of TV movie that usually works well, especially in the lifetime, which continues to produce such films, such as "domestic trillers" or the story of seduction. Trashi but everyone likes trash.
