Everyone has the first love, and although it's hard to define that feeling when you are younger, he is there, it hurts in you. That's what Malaysian director Iasmin Ahmad is trying to prove in his fourth film, a film that describes the most complex emotions in a deceptively simple and clear way. <Br /> <br /> This approach is particularly suitable in this case as a love story in the film has two teenage boys, but any attempt to "deeper" analysis seemed fanciful and pretentious. What they do not do is also proof of the stunning performances of leading non-actors, Sharifah Ariana and Mohd Siafie Naswip. Former Orked (already seen as an adult figure in Ahmadovoj previous figure, GUBRE), a lively, almost rebellious girl who is, perhaps influenced by his "British" upbringing (mother taught in England), despised playing with dolls, preferring to play violent sports with boys . Then one day he meets Mukhsin (Nasvip), who had come to spend the holidays in the home of his aunt, and suddenly changed their habits: farewell fights, healthy, cycling and climbing trees. But what does that mean? Are they just friends, or is it more implicit, something that none of them is yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <Br /> <br /> Considering the young age of the protagonists, answering these questions bordering on impossible, and so, as in several "smaller" films (remember coming Lost in Translation), there is no real closure, choices that leaves a bitter Sweet, but ultimately satisfying taste: natural, unfiltered behavior (especially Arianna) comes to heart almost immediately, a strong support (primarily Orked family) helps maintain a minimalist narrative entertainment and seduction. Access landing is not always as effective (hilarious lining regarding the adulterous neighbor too soon omitted), and it is difficult to justify a bizarre reference to Pulp Fiction character at the beginning, but the emotional power of teenage romance is enough to make this interesting part of the independent Asian cinema.
