The film begins in a classroom where it is not surprising that our main actress, Orked, is seen in the class of Chinese. Later in the film, they asked why (by Mukhsin) they were sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for the child she was; because she already knew the Malay language well. There is little romance about which one might think, but when you stop reading too many critics and go after it, you will notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film basically focuses on a 10-year-old Orkeda who met twelve-year-old Mukhsin in a game that many would consider as children's play. Running from the players, Mukhsin (who was new to this village) was forced to allow Orked to play, in which he eagerly showed the male side. Orked is not such an ordinary girl who describes more masculine behavior as you will see in the film, defending Mukhsin from a lot of violent encounters with her school bullying, throwing one of the bullets from the school bus window, throwing a blow and hitting Mukhin's brother where after teased Mukhsin and so on and so on. Both of them were terrible friends, and they stayed closer to it, but with the slightest misunderstandings in which most of us responded the same way, they separated both until the day Mukhin left the city. The movie now shows the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started as friends, but slowly evolved into a somewhat closer relationship, and then towards the BGR. You would notice, the changes Iasmin made in movies for every major actor and actress when they pass through love. A different character is shown with gentle and mild humor. All the scenes were random, but they show so much reality that you will stay on the screen for a long time. The movie will appeal to you for what it is, not because you want to be patriotic towards local scenes, because that means a lot more. As the film covers two love birds, so it manages to find its lens for Orked's parents, her mother who has studied in England, speaks a very good English language and in which, her husband and guardian at home with they try to speak their English type with great attempts, which was humor. indeed. Let me explain why humor can be such an important thing in this movie. And this explanation or description you can display can only be given in one word, which is CASE. Often more than not, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do it, we do it at the expense of others. Just as you would mention the movie Just Follow The Law Jack Nea - Often when we are alone, we do not see a person in us, but only when we are in the body of another person, then just learn to see who we really are. And so humor is applied, more than just dignity. The film was filled with such a coincidence that the typical facts of our routine life, as we performed them, could be filled with Laughter if we wanted it to be. The second focus of this film was on how Orked's neighbor, the couple in which a husband no longer loves his wife, and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi, like what he found, was seen polishing his motorcycle every day and took him to a ride with his newly discovered girl. The producer did not miss to show you why his husband wanted to find another woman. My wife was a real hurler or KPC, to call it the Chinese, interrupting someone else's affairs and sending her own daughter to tease Orkester with the words that adults would use. After all, what's happening is coming around, and that's probably the reason why bad things somehow want it to happen. At any moment, be kind to people around you at all will not hurt, unless you have the ego to protect, but again, what is it? The film also focuses on Mukhin's brother Hussein who would go out to town every night, smoke, drink, and find 'girls'. He's totally opposed to Mukhsin, but that's all because of family problems. They both stayed with aunt, and the parents were away from them. I will no longer discover the story, because it would ruin many interests in my desire to discover it for myself, but the smallest of all the elements in which the producer wanted to send a message to viewers is our life all. She wanted me, at least, to look at life from our own perspective when we are not alone. Movies in a way, pull us out of our own body, put us in the position of a character and use our empty mind to see events in it. Depending on the type and genre of the movie, you will be enchanted that a good movie like this will show and imply a significant impact on you.
