Mukhsin is a wonderful movie about the first love story. Probably everyone has one, and this is the story of the writer and director Iasmin Ahmad, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that her films were semi-autobiographical in nature, that they have scenes made on the basis of her personal experiences, and that this is sharing and translating these emotions into a big screen, which always reflects their films with warm sincerity and sincerity. Mukhsin is nothing different, and probably the most political self-confident work so far (although I must add, as a personal bias, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Like Iam, although this time we return when Orked is 10 years old. All the characters are younger than the films we traveled with, from Rabo to Gubra, and here, Sisters Sharifah Amani Sharifah Ariana and Sharifah Aleia take over the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, which may be due to their excellent chemistry on the screen, but they do not mind their roles are not played. The only constant is How Iam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on the head! Through the film Mukshin, we come to a full circle with the characters and the world that Jasmin has met us. We came to learn and understand the family a bit more, set in the days when they still live in the campus (again in Rabun), where Orked is attending a Chinese school, and packing a serious combination of blows (and you are wondering about that energy rampage in Gubra, well, she is had been in her since her youth!). A multi-year-old man and an infant of the family, she prefers to play with boys in games, not a silly "massacre" with girls, and favorite excursions include leaving the family for football matches. The arrival of the boy Mukhsin (Mohd Siafie Naswip) into the village gives a cool for Orkeda to hang out and work with - a bicycle through the villages, climbing to trees, flying dragons. And as what is to be explored, the transition of this line between friendship and romance, both wonderful emotions. Mukhsin has his brazen moments that revive the story and cause laughter, because some of the incidents, we ourselves would experience it ourselves, and sometimes we serve as a return to our own memory of childhood. In short, these screams were "fun"! We watch life in a typical campus, where some neighbors are very good, while others, curious parkers and rumors, spread bad envy gossip. We see two more family dynamics, one from the immediate neighbor, and the other from Mukhin, both serve as adequate substrates, and the contrast is Orkedov. As always, Iasmin's films are filled with great music, and for Mukhsina, there is something special, the song "Hujan" written by her father, as well as "Ne Me Kuitte Pas", perfectly used in film As the Jasmine films have so far been centered the same characters, the beauty of this is that you can view them as stand-alone, or when you watch them and compose them together, they create an inviting family drama dealing with different themes and universal issues such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. The fans will definitely see many links in Mukhsin back to earlier movies, while the new audience will surely be curious to discover certain phenomena and meanings of recurring characters or events, such as that fat guy who steals a glimpse of Orked. When we talk about what parts of Mukhsin are also strangely open, which is probably characteristic of the Iasmin style, or deliberately left as such. I thought it was a story of childhood, remembered by memory, then there are details that will certainly be omitted. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin perfectly showed it, with not so detailed details, and a focus on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. Another highly recommended movie, and the rarity I feel suitable for all ages - bring with you your brother or sister!
