This is an incredible horror anthology in Amicus, with 3 great stories and fantastic performances! All the characters are phenomenal, and the film is pretty cool and tense, plus Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee are simply stunning in this! It's very underrated and my favorite story must be the third "Sveets To The Sveet", plus all the characters are very cute. Some of this is predictable, and the last story was incredibly disappointing and pretty wonderful! However, the end was really cool!. This is the horrible anthology of the horror of Amicus, with 3 great stories and fantastic performances, only the last story disappoints! I say he must see! The first story ("The method of killing"). This is a terrible story, with a lot of uncertainty, and killer Dominic is really creepy, and behaved well! This was the perfect way to get started with the story, and most of all it's unpredictable, plus double wrapping ends is shocking, and quite creepy !. Grade A 2. Story. ("Vaccines"). This is a solid story everywhere, with great performances, but the end is quite predictable, but it's still terrible, and there's a lot of uncertainty, Peter Cushing has done an amazing job, and I could not believe that young Joss Ackland was, I really enjoyed this story!. Score B 3. story ("Sveets to the Sveet"). This is the best story here, because it is extremely frustrating, and unpredictable as a whole, it also has a nice turn! Christopher Lee did an incredible job, and Chloe Franks did a wonderful job as a young daughter, plus the end is pretty shocking !. I do not want to spoil you, but it's one of the best horror stories I've ever seen! Rating A + 4. Story ("The Cloak"). This is a terrible story that's really bad and awkward. Jon Pertvee aroused me, but the end was a bit surprising, and Ingrid Pitt was as brilliant as ever, but it was just boring, and it was done many times, plus where creativity was. Grade D <br /> The direction is excellent!. Peter Duffell does a great job here, with great work with the camera, great angles, adding some nasty atmosphere and keeping the movie at a very fast pace! The performance is excellent! John Bryan is great here, as a narrator, he had some great lines, I just wanted to have more screens. John Bennett is very good as Det, and he was quite intense, in the end he was particularly good! Denholm Elliott is as good as Charles, he was vulnerable, he was afraid, he was very cute, and I loved his expression, he swung! Joanna Dunham was astoundingly beautiful, and she was perfectly involved with what she had to do as a wife, and she also had excellent chemistry with Denhol Elliott. Tom Adams was incredibly terrible as Dominik, he was a nasty look, and he did the job extremely well! Peter Cushing is as incredible as ever, and here he is incredible, cute, focused, charming, and as always, he had a ton of class! (Cushing Rules !!). Joss Ackland is fantastic as always, and he looked so young here, I barely recognized him, his accent was not so dense, and he played a different role that I loved! (Ackland rules). Wolfe Morris is freaky here, and he did what he had to do well. Christopher Lee is incredible as he is always incredible here, incredibly intense, very focused, and as he always had a very intense look on his face, he was particularly amazing. at the end! (Lee Rules !!). Chloe Franks is beautiful as a daughter, she is a bit scary, and she gave one of the best children's plays I've ever seen! I loved her. Niro Dawn Porter is beautiful and great as a nanny, I loved her a lot! Jon Pertvee had annoyed me, and he was quite boring and completely incomprehensible, but he did not have any chemistry with Ingrid Pitt! Ingrid Pitt is beautiful, and she does her usual thing with vampires and it's good! The rest of the actors are fine. All in all, he must see!. **** from 5
