If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and about all the political details and intrigues, to tell you, you have chosen the wrong film. This is a vision of the war because it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war occurs on a small island that almost takes the place of a traitor, there is no open war. Soldiers are sent on the front to fight on the land, while the second type of war occurs at home, on a small island. The neighbors are talking about other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are contrary to the new regime, but many people are talking about old family battles, or perhaps a quiet introvert that has no friends, telling someone who wants to "earn some points." And these things do not happen outdoors. There were some trials, the truth, but many other people would only wake up in the middle of the night, taken from their homes to the nearest graveyard where they would be killed. And the next morning the bodies will be found, and people will have an idea of ​​what happened, but no one dares to speak or say anything. We are not talking about soldiers who kill someone they have never seen in their lives. We're talking about people killing their neighbors, and they're probably greeted with their widow the next day, and even to attend the funeral of the guy they killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everything. I'm from that little island and I've heard the stories that my grandparents told me, and I have to say that this movie has upset me, oh yes, it is; but I also found it extremely beautiful and mobile. Initially violence is not something that the director or writer has invented, so things were happening in that war. A kid who knows that his father is in a fascist unit who killed his dad? It's completely possible. It all happened later? Possible. TB was also real. At that time my island was not a place to rest. People were poor, illiterate, and worked in small farms. After the war there was a difficulty. So, in this movie you will not find a war story, or at least not the war story you are expecting. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigue. This is the most cruel war that occurs when space is limited (just check the size of the island) when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family struggle against each other, and live in a place where everyone knows everything. You will find a story of damage this kind of war can cause people and stories about how to survive that damage, or maybe not. I have to mention the excellent work written by writers who adapted the novel and all the actors who managed to sound the true Majorcan. That was extraordinary.
