(SPOILERS included) This film is certainly the best Amicus production I have ever seen (although I still have a lot of them to check). A house that bleeds blood is an anthology that consists of four strange stories about the tenants of a wicked, hellish house in a British village. A common mistake in such productions spends too much energy on a story that connects separate stories. Peter Duffel's film wisely does not pay too much attention to it. He simply deals with the Scottish Jard inspector who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and so he finds out about the bizarre events that were going on there earlier. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together make up the perfect whole. High expectations are allowed for this film, because it was written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in the brilliant horror "Psicho" ?? We also marked the solid and professional debut of Peter Duffel as director. Four Stories? chapters if you want ?? in the Home that Dripped Blood contains good diversity in subjects, but they are (almost) as cold and creepy. Number one deals with the horror coming into the house, along with his wife, in order to find inspiration for his new book. This starts really well, but after a short time, his persecution and persecution of the criminal of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not very original, but it is very tense and the climax is quite surprising. The second story of the star (Hammer) of Peter Cushing's horor legend as a retired broker. Still persecuted by the image of an unachievable and long-lost love, she encounters a wax statue that looks just like her. Cushing is the joy to observe as always and ?? Although the theme of Vak Museums is not new? this story looks fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains a couple of wonderful shock moments and there is a constant tense atmosphere. It's a great warm up for what's probably the best story: Number 3. Another legendary actor in this, as Christopher Lee gives a flawless portrait of a frightened father. She is very strict and strict towards her daughter and is held in isolation for the outside world. Not without reason, as the girl shows a bizarre fascination with witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to the great acting performance of Lee and the outstanding performance of Chloe Franks as a spooky kid, this story has an extraordinary Gothic atmosphere! Devilish tones in this story, along with the violent sound effects of thunder, make this story obligatory for fans of authentic horror. The fourth and final story, in which the actor of futile horror controls the vampire wearing shirt, is slightly weaker than the others when it comes to tension and credibility, but this overloading of subtle humor compensates more or less. There is even a little room for parody in this story, because the protagonist refers to the co-star Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most striking element in this last chapter is the presence of wonderful Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen of 'The Vampire Lovers' is definitely one of many prominent points in the film, in particular. There is no doubt that the house that has wound blood will be highly appreciated by the classic horror fans. I honestly believe that this could be one of several movies that will scare you and leave a big impression. Intelligent and tempting horror as it should be! Recommended. Another small remark: this film may not be repeated DO NOT, in any case, be replaced by "The Sleeping Room That Spilled Blood". This last is a very irritating and bad underground slasher of the 80's that has nothing to do with this film, except for the title that it stole.
