"The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the better anthological films of that period. ** SPOILERS ** Follow the missing film star, Inspector Hollovai, (John Bennett) thinks he was last seen in a big villa in the countryside. While looking through the house, he was told four different stories about the past inhabitants of the house. Good Story: Method of Murder - Entering the mysterious house to achieve peace and quiet while Charles reads his latest mastermind, Horror novelist Charles Hillier (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice (Joanna Dunham) are thrilled a story that revolves around a serial alien named Dominik. After a series of strange accidents and experiences in the house, Charles begins to believe that the creation of mine has come to life and haunted him and his wife. Probably one of the better entries in the movie, it's easy creepiest. The atmosphere here is what is different. Scenes with a fictitious character are really dreadful, the mystery surrounding it is really effective and there is always a classic moment to quit. A classic moment is the murder in the psychiatric office, which is the highlight for all time. Building up to it, with creaky sounds, quick flashes of mysterious beings, and thunder and lightning in the background work well for this service. Cute Sweet Sweets Sweetheart John Reid (Christopher Lee) hires former Ninee Davn Porter teacher for her little daughter Jane (Chloe Franks) while on the job. Ann gradually begins to reveal the dark secret of Jane's past, which John strongly denies. When she learns the true nature of what has happened, it's much more shocking to see what she might think possible. With the creepiest open plot and the biggest twist of stories, this is a pretty nice entry. The family's mystery is wonderful, with small amounts of traces piled up here and there, and finally the discovery is quite nervous. Only that part is the main reason why this works, and Li does not even harm him. Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) become in love with the woman's statue in the wax figures museum, while the statue takes their lives, revealing a shocking secret about the museum that bothers the two of them. Here is a smart premise, and it provides an excuse to spend time in a wax museum, which is always creepy. This is no exception, and it looks awesome, which is contributed by the fluorescent lighting shown on the sculptures. The sequence of dreams provides a great moment of uncertainty, but what ultimately kills is a slow pace. It takes a lot of time for events to develop, and most of the time is spent on exposure. It also builds up to a shock-ending that can be seen from a mile away. They really lower this down a little. If the change was changed, it would have achieved a higher grade, the rest is acceptable. Actor Horror, Halo veteran, Paul Henderson, (Jon Pertvee) was upset by the lack of realism. his new film, goes and buys a new vampire coat from a specialized store. The plaque quickly turns him into a vampire, crazy on the set with co-star Carl, (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampire acts at home. Convinced that the cloak is the cause, he does everything he can to prove that it is only in his imagination. This has a fairly decent premise, and there are many opportunities for some decent fears, but what is sinking is a few factors. First, it's too stupid for your own good. The final plot in the end is a perfect example, which is so exaggerated that it is not shock at all, and it just appears as ordinary stupid. There are so few scenes of fears or attempts to fear that it's just boredom. It's the weakest in the movie. Final judgment: A pretty decent omnibus movie, there are a few small problems scattered by each of the stories that make this a less perfect but still highly-regarded movie. Recommended for those in similar films at that time or who enjoy British horror films. Today's rating-PG-13: Violence
