The British production company Amicus is generally known as a horror anthology specialist, and this big omnibus, "The House That Dripped Blood," is undoubtedly the best Amicus production I have ever seen (of course, there are plenty of those I still have to see). "A house that bleeds blood" consists of four wonderful stories, all in the same, spooky house. These four stories are brought to you in a wonderful Gothic atmosphere, and with one of the best ensembles you can imagine. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors ever), and Denholm Elliott and the ingenious Ingrid Pitt in this movie - so that a real Horror fan could afford to miss him? Nobody, of course, has much to offer, but only an excellent actor. "The House That Threw Blood" is revolving around a creepy villa villa, in which weird things happen. In four parts, the film narrates stories of four different heirs. The first story, "Method For Murder," tells the story of the Horror novelist Charles Hiller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into his house with his wife. After immigration, the writer suddenly feels persecuted by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is a great start to the film. The story is creepy and dark and performances are very good. In another story, "Wakworks", retired businessman Phillip Graison (Peter Cushing) enters the house and suddenly feels attracted to the mysterious museum of wax figures in the nearby town ... Great Peter Cushing brings again a sublime performance in This, and other performances are also very good. The story is wonderfully weird, and the second best in the film, after the third. The third story, "Sveets to the Sveet" is by far the strangest and most brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moved to his little daughter. Private Teacher and Nanny Mrs. Norton, by Mr. Reed hired her to teach her daughter, she was amazed at the severity of her employer towards her daughter, and she would be eager to find out for what reason the overly protective attitude of upbringing could have ... The best segment maintains a very frightening atmosphere and a truly daunting story. Christopher Lee is, as always, remarkable in his role. Nuree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny, and my special praise goes to then 11-year-old Chloe Franks. Only this genius segment makes the film unavoidable for every true horror fan. In the fourth segment, Horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertvee) moves into the house with her sexy mistress / co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is a satire, more than actually Horror. It is, however, a very fun satire, and there are many allusions to other horror films. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who plays in the previous, third segment ... All four segments have a wonderful, dark sense of humor and an excellent atmosphere. As already mentioned, the third segment is by far the strangest and the biggest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often terribly witty Horror stories that every horror fan should appreciate. An unforgettable atmosphere, a ghostly sense of humor, true joy and brilliant acting make this film unavoidable. In short: "The House That Threw Blood" is a great horoscopic omnibus that no British horror lover would be able to afford to miss. Recommended!
