Yes, this is a horror anthology movie and it was very fun! This is because even though the film was obviously a horror, some of the stories had a light spirit - and there was even occasional laughter. This is not a bad thing at all, because sometimes horror films are a bit stingy and overly serious. That's why, because all four stories were pretty good, it's one of the best movies of this style I've ever seen. The uniting theme that connects each story is the house itself. Four different stories include people who either rent a house or investigate what happened to tenants. The first segment is Denholle Elliott introduced as a horror writer who has a writer's block. So, to change the landscape, rent this house. Almost immediately the Elliott block disappears and he constantly works on the story of a serial killer. Astonishingly, shortly after his block disappears, he actually begins to see his fictional character! Over and over again, a psychotic killer appears, and then disappears - making him seem to lose his reason. This can only be the best of a story, because the fine bandage ends the story of life. Another, though not at all bad, is probably the weakest. Peter Cushing plays blooming complaining about a friend who died some time ago (although her picture seemed incredibly contemporary). When he enters the chamber of grave wax museums in the city, he sees a figure of wax that resembles his lost lady, and he is fascinated and frightened by it. Later, a friend (Joss Ackland) visits and he also sees the figure and is delighted. All this leads to the end, which, frankly speaking, was a bit disappointing. Christopher Li then became an incredibly sharp and strict father to a pathetic girl. During most of this segment, Li looked like an idiot, but in the end you can understand his behavior. Although slowly, this ended very well. The fourth segment was the luckiest and it needed to parodize this genre. Jon Pertvee (third "Doctor" from the television series DR VHO) is a very temperamental actor known for his Dracula shows. However, according to him, nothing is wrong in the film, and in the attack of the punk, he stirs up a set to find better props for this vampire movie. In fact, it is quite interesting that he played this role, because it seemed natural for Christopher Lee who played Dracula or other vampire basilion road (several or more). I enjoyed Pertvee's line when he basically said that Lee and other recent incarnations of the Dracula were shit compared to White Lugosi! Perhaps that's why Li did not take this part! Despite some very crazy moments, it was very fun and fun - probably as good or better than the first segment. Since the film started and ended so well, I had great acting and writing, it's hard not to love this movie.
