Non-nonsense Inspector Hollavey (John Bennett's solid turn) explores the disappearance of the famous actor and reveals the evil to the past history of a creepy old house. The first and most common story, "The Method of Murder" - The successful author Charles Hillier (well-played by Denholm Elliott) is chasing pictures of the murderous villain who he writes in his latest book. Although this particular excursion is too obvious and predictable to be something special, it still builds in the real awesome end of true surprise. The second and most augmented anecdote, "Vacrax" - lonely Philip Grayson (unbroken Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (magnificent Joss Ackland) are both in love with the seductive wax statue of a beautiful, but deadly killer. The third and greenest vignette, "Sveets to the Sveet" - the quiet, reserved and secretive widow John Reid (typically Christopher Lee in a rare, half-hearted role) hires Ann Norton (fine Niree Dawn Porter) his seemingly sweet and harmless daughter Jane incredibly terrifying and disturbing performance by the wonderful Chloe Franks). This terrifying episode has a significant disturbing incentive for the extraordinary acting of the gifted actress Franks, who projects a truly disturbing feeling of tranquil evil that lies just below the deceptively sweet and innocent angelic veneer. The fourth and most funny yarn, "The Cloak" - The Pompous Star of Horror Films Paul Henderson buys a mysterious coat that transforms him into a vampire whenever he wears it. This item makes a good fun party and continues to benefit from the terribly improvised presence of Ingrid Pitt as a tempting Vampire Carle. The director Peter Duffell, working on the deliciously spooky and witty scenario of the well-known horror writer Robert Bloch, maintains a strong rhythm and works for the creation of an appropriate nasty atmosphere. They are also honored for the sharp cinema of Raio Parshlov and the exclamation of Michaela Dress. Recommended for omnibus fans.
