I will admit I'm biased when I reviewed it because it was my introduction to the series. For the first time I watched this movie in 2005 in the late evening "Fear Fridai" at the AMC, which often pulls unclear jewels like this from a refrigerator for new generations. I pointed to seeing the whole anthological series of Amicus before I look at them here to make sure that I have a perspective. Turning backwards, I continue to think that the house that pumped my blood was my favorite, followed by Tales From The Cript, and then Asilum. I think that all the elements that make this series seem charming --- vintage shooting in the '60s from the 1970s, creepy to unpleasant, unusual stories and extreme Britain about it, all in the background of music - they better connected here than everyone else. The movie revolves around a very old English house and an accident that involves everything in it. The first story includes a horror writer and his wife, who moved to this hidden place to get a break from in order to concentrate on their passion. He creates a killer figure called Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulties by saying the reality of fiction. There is a subtle physics here, through my troubles that I found to be fun, but creepy. Oh, and you horrible teeth (they are British actors, maybe they were REAL !!!) The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved here to escape from loneliness, but only worsens as the lost love is pursued. It seems that he found a possible salvation in a local (very damaging) wax museum, but it turned out to be much better than himself ... The third story includes the great Christopher Lee (my fav British horror actor) as a single father with a rather upset and thoroughly creepy young daughter. He is always cautious about what goes into things that should not - like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for it, for good reason. Lee is great here as an icy discipline, this guy has a real talent for playing characters who are absolutely free of heat! But despite his greatest efforts, the little troubled man in fact teaches prohibited knowledge and bad things follow ... This final story is a story about a cynical old veteran actor who feels a young director. he works with is not qualified to catch the real vampire film, to the quality of the costumes and especially his robe. So he goes to the old shop curiously in the middle of a foggy night to get something "more authentic". He does not know much about picking up a truly authentic vampire coat! Placing at midnight has pretty visible effects. By the time I came to this fourth and final story, it was after three in the morning and I could not be awake in the first attempt (not out of boredom). But I've experienced something I've got hundreds of times, an unusual bonding experience I have with movies or music when I go down and sleep, and film / music becomes part of my dream! Great fun !! This bizarre story was perfect for that and for the first time it seemed much more terrible than it actually was because I woke up when it was under the magnifying power of the cloak and could not understand what was going on in the beginning. Soon after, the wonderful Ingrid Pitt, costume on his film set, came to visit and warned that he did not put the coat at midnight - but he did not need it because she was a real vampire himself. The ringing keyboard that followed as she was flying towards him on the stairway was simply hysterical! And again, in my lingering state, it seemed pretty confusing! Page Note: Make sure you capture Lee and Pitta along with the stunning Amicus star Britt Ekland during the classic movie The Vicker Man (1973). The weakest link here was the overwhelming commentary between the story, but based on the stories itself, this is a classic! Obviously, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the 4th because it makes me so much laughing. Very recommended for horror fans and if you are a British fan horor, this is a must! I'd say it's worth a look at the series in chronological order, if you can. The latest film of this series, Monster Club (1980) is definitely the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films, except from time to time, the central Torture Garden (1967) is the best, but if you like some of them, you should at least look at them. You'll probably be back many times to watch your favorites.
