Linking the story: another first look for me and, again, this is one of the most popular antics of Amicus - and it's easy to see why, although I realize that the film is a pretty insignificant title for some; I certainly liked the choice of director Peter Duffell - SMRT AND MAIDEN (which is by chance Schubert's classic piece heard in the film during Peter Kushing's episode) - much more. Although the connection device is not that big, episodes are as attractive and fun. The production values ​​are very respectable for the budget with which Duffell had to work. This film produces a film in a lot of style that is not so common for this type of film and, frankly, it seems regrettable that it wanted to distance itself from the genre (although it would no longer be keyed but because it felt it beneath it. /> Now, when it comes to individual stories: "Kill Method": the starting segment does not offer any real surprises, but in order to make up for this, it's quietly tense and appropriately creepy from time to time ("fictitious" criminal Tom Adams resembles the long-lost brother of Boris Carloff of the Old Dark House [1932]), also ended is a satisfactory craft of the DIABOLIKUE type, and has a pretty intense role for Denholm Elliott. That's all we need, really. "Wax Design": for the second story we meet with the unusual romantic mood that is quite unusual for this type of film, Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are excellent (as well as impeccably dressed) in their roles of two loving women who continue to be besieging them after such a long time, and whose friendly rivalry can lead them only to a blind and inalienable fate is literally worse than s dead; the ominous scene of hallucination with Peter Kouching was pretty well done with regard to limited resources, and Akland's inexplicable inability - or unwillingness - to leave the city somewhat resembles aristocrats in the Bunuel House CONCLUSIVE ANGEL (1962). > "Sveets to the Sveet": This is perhaps the best episode of all - with its ambiguous role, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility and is followed by an understanding of Nuree Dawn Porter and the deceptive innocence of Chloe Franks (appearing as Lee daughter). Treatment of the film is occult and subtle and mature, culminating with a strong and extremely cold 'curtain'. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in a movie on the disc, and when I saw her, I felt the instant knowledge of her face, but I could not put my finger on it. Later, after reading her filmography, she discovered that she was acting as one of the leading adapters of the "Misholovka" Agate Christie in London's West End, which my brother and I were lucky to catch there we were on vacation in summer 2002! Needless to say that at that time we had no idea that she once created such a delicate - and tasty - portrait in pure evil, mostly thanks to her unusual looks and devil smile! The "The Hloak": a crazy but unusually fair vampire story (which still manages to uncover many myths about subgenres, while inventing some new ones!) who are taking some wonderful excavations in the exploitation of cinemas and, at one point, I'm Christopher Lee! Jon Pertvee is gorgeous as a star of horrors who gets more than he asked when trying to bring the measure of authenticity to his business; Ingrid Pitt beautifully sends her picture, although her role is somewhat subordinate to the proceedings; Jeffrey Baidon (invented to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has an unusually strange bite; the style of the "silent cinema" ending was quite brave to attract audiences, I suppose - and while some of the humor arrives as stubborn "light vampires" (1967) or theater KRV (1973), it is also quite addictive and surely ends the film at high and very unusual) note! Video and audio quality are relatively satisfactory, given that I did not have the second version to compare it; The main culprit is some noticeable damage to the press, but it's never so bad to affect the enjoyment of the movie. As for the add-ons, starting with Audio Comments: Frankly, this is one of the best conversations about a genre film that I can think of; Jonathan Rigby is more concerned with his thinking than usual for the moderator, but his effort certainly allows director Peter Dafael to touch every aspect of production (while some other films still have enough to expect to be more!) And as such is extremely pleasant a track that very nicely complements the main characteristic. The feature of "A-Rated Horror Film" is worth the effort with Peter Duffell again on the central stage, but this time with valid, if too too short, contributions by producer MacA J. Rosenberg and star Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Baildon. We also receive movie notes, reviews, bios and gallery posters / photographs, which, again, are beautifully assembled (with modern reviews that are something that is a novel - and it's welcome).
