From the mind of Robert Bloch, "Psycho" fame, there are four stories of twisted terror in this Amicus anthological film, which, although not so much fun, or frightening, as I would like, still provides some decent genre entertainment. It is related to the story of the very skeptical detective of Scotland Iard (John Bennett) who investigates the disappearance of the prominent actor; he advises that this case is linked to several others from the house where they all played, and our film is off and running. The "method of murder" has the author Charles Hillier (always awesome Denholm). Elliott) who was chased by his latest fictional creation, which seems to be reviving. This sequence has some good surreal and rather uncertain moments, and is limited by reasonably entertaining discovery and dissolution. Waxworks star horror icon Peter Cushing as retired stockbroker Philip Grayson, who together with his old friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) becomes obsessed with the image of a beautiful woman in a feverish wax museum. The most effective in this episode is the sequence of dreams, although it's as great as ever to watch Cushing. The final images presented to us in this story are quite shocking. Sweet Sweets show another favorite horror star, Christopher Lee, such as John Reid, who does not behave to a wonderful moppet child. Chloe Franks with too much kindness, and on her new companion / tutor Ann Norton (Niree Dawn Porter) to find out why. The mystery of this particular episode is perfectly solved; filmmakers do not wisely shake hands to get to more than real shock when we get the full truth about this unfortunate family. The "dying" moments are especially terrible. The "Plaque" has the most prominent comedy of four; Jon Pertvee, one of the many actors who have played the role of a doctor over the years, is very entertaining as a futile, temperamental film star of horror (in fact, he is the culmination of this story), who, angry at the lack of his latest low-budget film, goes out and buys his cloak. This cloak has strange powers, which I do not dare discover here. Sexy Ingrid Pitt is a welcome presence as Perthees's companion; A wonderful example of humor here is a famous blow that was given to none other than Christopher Lee! The final story ends with a predictable but still effective way, while Detective Inspector Hollloway finds out that he should have taken all the warnings that gave him more seriousness. Underlined by the unusual, striking and ghostly result of Michael Dresses, the "House That Threw Blood" is a funny mix of stories; Until I enjoy how much, say, "The Crypt of the Crypt", it's still a good party. Capable of being directed by Peter Duffell, it moves slowly but surely to each of its cool conclusions, and certainly is a good movie of this type. 7/10
