THE HOUSE WHICH HAS GIVEN THE KRV is the third in a series of seven Amicus horror anthologies. If the MONSTER CLUB is included as part of the series, it would make eight movies. Although this film is very different from the others. I'm looking at the antique Amicus with great memories as I loved them when I was a teenager. My feelings towards them today are equally strong. I spent many years trying to find this movie. The Synopsis story was so appealing that I went so far as to pay a significant amount for it when I finally found a copy. As good a movie as possible, I felt a sense of disappointment when I finally saw it. It was not as good as I said I believed it. Although better than his two predecessors, this is not nearly as good as his four heirs, as I will show. House. His journey begins at a local police station where he finds stories about previous tenants. The story of linkage later sees it being visited by a real estate agent who sold the house. Although this linking story on paper seems appealing, in practice it is straight and lifeless and easily the weakest of any Amicus anticology. I could not fail to get the feeling that John Bennett is a version of the poor man of Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. I'd rather see one of the two actors mentioned above in his role. We could have both of them - one as a police inspector, and the other as a real estate agent. They could, and I believe they could revive this weak part of the film. The film contains four stories, each of which focuses on the inhabitants of the house. The first story sees Denholm Elliott as a writer of crime stories. He is absorbed in the exciting story of the stranger, even going so far as to draw a drawing to help his writing. Shortly thereafter, he begins to see the visions of his own creation. The excellent direction of Peter Duffell, especially with the choice of camera angles, helps to turn away from a limited scenario. Elliott's performance is great as a tedious writer and he also helps to raise the story. The story ends with a semi-shape, but I could not get the meaning of a script that did not allow him to realize his potential. Another story is that Peter Cushing went into the house. He is a lonely man who still complains about the beautiful young woman who once abandoned him and whom she painted. Cushing's performance revives this emotional-moving story. He is assisted by a director who chooses to continuously focus on Cushing's loneliness. This is further taken with a large hallucination scene that helps us see within Cushing's mind. In any case, Cushing sees a figure in a nearby wax museum that looks like his girlfriend. Of course, his obsession is rising, but this seemingly romantic story has an upsetting turn at the end. Joss Ackland plays Cushing's rival, but his performance is largely overshadowed by the late great Peter Cushing. his daughter. G. Lee gave his perfect ice cold show here. He does not show love or attention at all to his daughter at all. He even brings the school governor to educate him. The governor, played by Nuree Dawn Porter in another of her top performances, is trying to find out what's wrong. Without giving too much, I can discover that a witcher plays a role. The presence of Christopher Lee is indeed charged in every scene in which he is. Chloe Franks deserves special recognition for her massive underestimated performances as a girl who is easily creepiest in the whole movie. The movie is worth a look, even to see only one story. The final story is played almost entirely for laughter, but it's definitely entertaining and that's what's important. Jon Pertvee plays a horror actor who enters the house. He is very dissatisfied with the approach of his producer to the film, looking at all cheap and fake, especially costumes. He decided to buy an authentic coat for his last role as a vampire. Jeffrey Baidon has a great kameya as a dealer who sells Pertvee's ancient robe. When Pertvee puts a cloak, he begins to develop eyelids and transforms himself into a vampire. Pertsey's performance must be seen to be believed. It's really hilarious. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story, but her talent is lost in the role that should have been much larger. The connecting story ends with a loose connection to the final story. This is especially convenient because the inspector has asked Pertvee and naturally decides to visit the house. You will be able to understand the rest yourself. No matter how bad the story of linking is, it has a decent, though somewhat unexpected comical ending. I am convinced that the guilt for defects in what it took to be truly magnificent movie is not lying. with Peter Duffell, director, who really does his best. I think the script was too restrained and lacking the ambition that can be found in four later movies. Amicus anthology, fans of other Amicus movies or fans of portman's horror films. If my summary is enough to watch a movie, take a look at it. You will enjoy it!
