Four stories of terror related to the ghostly old palace have been told to Scotland's skeptical investigator, John Bennett, while investigating where the last resident of a homeowner's house was injected with blood. One can only endeavor to find words that would describe the real brilliance that is the "House That Has Dripped Blood". This horoscope anthology of the seventies is quite significant in the way in which such a visually innocent film can cause horror even in the most ambitious viewers. It's incredible that the number of screen violence can be counted on the one hand, but the film is still able to show brutality and succeed in showing the most horrible images in the imagination of the viewer, while refraining from the obvious path of graphic violence. In rare features of the early horror of the seventies, the technical characteristics of the film are virtually flawless, from the impeccable performances of actors with the stars (with the legendary Peter Kushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) until the supreme regime and testimony by the courtesy courtesy of Peter Duffell and the master of the notorious writer Robert Bloch novel Psiho). The only real complaint that can be appearing at the home that pumped blood is a bit stiff complications at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the picture, but even these fine details do not diminish the general pleasure of watching. The first segment, titled "The Method of Murder", tells the story of Charles Hillier (Denholm Elliott), the author of the horror who rents a creepy house while working on his latest novel. . While working on a novel, Hillier continues to see the killer figure from his story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is really remarkable and his character gets a surprising insight into loyalty. The key to this segment, like others, is the mystery surrounding events that are happening. The viewer is asked whether the view of the killer character of Dominica is just hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder, or whether the character is actually there. Duffell's direction manages to create a disturbing atmosphere combined with a slow, methodical approach to creating the tension and uncertainty needed to make the segment very enchanting. The next segment is characterized by Peter Cushing as the new user of malicious behavior. House. During the trip to the city he encounters a tomb museum and decides to embark on it. While there, he reveals a waxy model of a beautiful woman who seems to him to be too familiar. Cushing's character (Philip) is then joined by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wants to visit the museum, much to Philip's horror. In this segment, the viewer is given only subtle traces of the mystery of a waxy woman, but the viewer is generally left in the dark. There is much less tension in this story, but the segment still manages to maintain its mysterious feeling through a particularly disturbing sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is remarkable and, although this is probably the weakest of the four stories, one can not deny that through some creative direction and credible acting Vakworks is still a wonderful entry into the film. Is Wakworks following what is, in my opinion, the largest of the four segments? ?? Sveets to the Sveet '. Christopher Lee starring John Reid, a father of a young girl who initially has an inexplicable fear of a fire that was quickly removed by caring nanny Ann Norton (Niree Davn Porter). However, John seems to be hiding a dark secret about his family. "Sveets to the Sveet" is easily the most stressful and tangled of the four stories, and therefore the segment is undoubtedly appealing to the viewer. Through the segment, small and subtle traces of the truth behind the family are published, but all the way to the huge terrible ending scene, everything is neatly put into place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and uncertainty to create an atmosphere of anticipation that made the whole film great. Accompanied by a beautifully arranged soundtrack, Sveets to the Sveet is an ongoing fear of grabbing the throat viewer and refusing to let go until the agonizing cries that end this piece finally cease. Personally, I believe this short segment would make an entertaining movie that would be fun and I would give this segment a rare 10/10. The film was finished with a story about a missing performer, the researcher was originally interested in Jon Pertvee and Ingrid Pitt as two performers who are currently working on a horror movie. Pertve's character is horrified by amateur production and film props and is therefore buying his own vampire coat from a strange mystery shop. However, weird things start to happen when he wears a cloak and soon begins to fear the worst. This segment, which the inspector puts among the events, is a good way to end the wonderful anthology. Although there is an unquenchable air of the camp in the segment, this is in a way that makes the story so pleasant. Unfortunately, in this segment there is little that can be classified as scary in any sense, and the predictable end could be better done, but nevertheless the segment has its redeeming characteristics. Enthusiasts should certainly pay attention to Pertvee's brief comment on the Dracula's presentation of White Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This somewhat comical and carefree approach to the final segment is essentially an adequate and almost natural way of finishing the image, even if the film is lowered compared to earlier examples of horror caused by uncertainty. To summarize, the "House That Pours Blood" is one of the greatest horror anthologies that contains incredible actors, great stories and more words. There are certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while fans of blood and intestines will be very disappointed, fans of tense horror efforts should enjoy this film immensely. My rating for ?? The House That Dripped Blood '?? 8/10.
