Omnibus horror films were popular in the seventies. I do not like them, but this is undoubtedly a great piece of British horror movie. A blood-sucking house is a horoscope omnibus, which contains four stories that surround the villa's old house in the country, and real estate agent meets with a Scottish Jard officer. This film is directed to three famous horror stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who will recognize horror fans as one of Lee's actresses in the UK's biggest horror film of all time; The first part of the film, titled "The Method of Murder", tells the story of a horror narrator, whose creation; The davitelj under the name "Dominik" revives with his imagination. This story builds a lot of uncertainty; through his girlfriend, he and the audience lead to believe that what he sees is the fruit of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it compensates for the lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and its final craft; which works incredibly well and came as a real surprise. The second story, called Vaccress, is played by Peter Cushing and mine is least favorite of four. This story follows the story of Philip Grayson (Cushing), a man who reveals a museum of wax figures and decides to embark on it. Inside she reveals a woman whom he knows and later we find out that he is a killer. All that the wife's relationship with Phillip has never been explained, but the story relies more on the mystery of tension building than on plotting details. Cushingu later joined his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland), and then the story really started to run. Setting up a museum of wax figures of full killers for horror film is not a new idea; The same setting was used for a great effect in the excellent 1966 horror movie, the "Chamber of Destruction". Although this here is not as big as the one in the aforementioned film, the power of the environment is used in an incredible terrifying effect, much of which is achieved by the claustrophobic feeling, which is due to the restricted area of ​​the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and watching him avoid the madman who is struggling with the ax is a treat for horror fans. Despite being the least favorite, this story is still fun and interesting that this anthology does not descend. The film continues with "Sveets for the Sveet", which is undoubtedly the best of the omnibus. This story is played by legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotected father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played. It leaves the audience guessing; we know that something is wrong with neither a father nor a daughter, but we do not know who, or what, is. Christopher Lee, as usual, exhibits his character with a high degree of synesthesia; the audience is left to knock on her actions about giving her daughter's doll, and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or have any toys. The card of why it is held right close to the chest all the way to the very end, is represented by a true frozen line in which Li tells her babysitter that she is actually afraid of her daughters. Completion of this section is greatly played, in my opinion this is one of the finest endings of any horror story ever told, and will stay with you long after the end of the points. Omnibus ends with "The Cloak", which is definitely the most comical of four. This story speaks of the horror star, which is not impressed by the technical side of its latest film, goes out and buys itself a cloak. Of course, this cloak proved to be a real vampire coat. Unlike the other three stories, this seems to be mostly played for laughter. However, this is not a bad thing, because most humor is funny and serves as a good contrast to the rest of the film. Completion of this story coincides nicely with the end of a story about a movie, which is very evil, but humorous and ends with a very good movie. Also, beware of little uncertainty with Christopher Lee in Dracula. Nice touch, I think. All in all, if you want an omnibus of horror, you can not really make a mistake with a house that's been pumping blood. Only a third story makes a movie worthy of your time and this is a really good horror movie.
