After I recently looked at the Peter O'Toole version, I was ready to be delighted with the smart writing in this version. It's been a little time spent on fighting, which I prefer. Instead, we were shown many motives that were basically both French and English (who held Normandy) politicians and priests who killed her. Even the worst hypocrite of all of them, the Archbishop, leaves us the thought that, of course, she was innocent. The innocents always had to suffer because of the ambitions of the mighty. She had no idea what she was saying, she had no idea. from the implications of blasphemy or going against the church. Without school, she had no idea what the church attitude about such things was even. "Preminger was true myths surrounding her death, and I appreciate the review on the tape that showed that the flame reached and burned. Why? The film used gas nozzles and two of them Suddenly, the pressure of the air burst the gap and the flame jumped right onto it. Fortunately for her, they did not have to repeat the shoot because it was real: it was burnt! A rather traumatic presentation for a girl from Iowa in her new acting career. John Gielgud has done a great job. He is an English politician who organizes He also points out that when you once condemn someone to death, you do not want to be around and see how they die. You can reduce yourself from your "duty" next time ... not that such delicacies bother the souls of our future president.We, Christians, even most of the anti-Semitism, we have no problem to return to the Old Testament when it comes to the death penalty, even though it is overcome by Jesus' words. Make public executions like this girl. The smell of burnt meat can bring us respectable people into the senses of our souls. The only small 'choice' I have about this movie is that we are not shown why a priest who so decisively urged her to burn becomes so suddenly so corrupt, even madness. There should have been more expansion of its character, more dialogue - like sudden "coming to mind" makes no sense. And whether Graham Green is doing it deliberately or not, St. Joan is so confident a little lactation, that you are almost, but not completely, happy that her arrival is happening. And, when she refused life in prison, for some reason I thought of Anne Sekton, the poet who accused Silvia Plath of "stole her death" when she committed suicide ... knowing that such action guarantees immortality. You have to ask! If ever there was a good example of obsessive thought and logic, that's one. Sv. Joan was supposed to turn the Buddhist and silence the 'voices in her mind'.
