Preminger's adaptation G. Saint-Joan (Graham Greene's script) got one of the worst critical reactions in his day. The pseudo-elite, the purists and the public condemned it not to react to a film that did not have the devotion and glamor that is expected from the historical performance. As in Peeping Tom, the reaction was malicious and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shav's intellectual exploration of effects and actions around Joan of Arc (her real name in her language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is completely true to the spirit of the original drama, not only on the literally emotional level, but also formally. His film is Brecht's examination of the functioning of institutions, the division within and without the various factions that all want to take power. As such, we are not allowed to emotionally identify with any character, including Joan himself. As played by Jean Seberg (whose later life offers a spook parallel with her role), she is portrayed as an innocent figure of purity whose action and presence itself reveals corruption and emptiness in everyone. As such, Seberg plays it both as a World and as a Madvoman. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she filmed this film (which appears on the videos) transmits the freshness and youth of Jeanne revealing the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a modest illiterate peasant who has begun to protect her village and its natural intelligences. In no way did she deserve the sharp criticism she received at the first release of the film, but it is a performance far above the ken and the call of any actress who first appeared without the previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view of Joanna when she considered her a feminist of the Middle Ages, not content with being a rustic daughter who was destined to flee or a whore that soldiers had picked up from and to the battlefield. Her faith, her voices, her visions that interfere with words such as "imagination" and "common sense" lead to the wearing of the armor of their fellow soldiers to force them to fight to drive the Englishman out of France. Still, it can be said that the film is more interested in the court of Dauphine (Richard Vidmark), the office of priests who tried Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Valbrook, flawlessly thrown) and the action. from the Count of Varvic (John Gielgud), then to Joan. An extraordinary ensemble (all male) shows figures of intrigues, Machievellian (although the story precedes Niccol) opportunists who treat religion as a toy that is used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp Anchor Dialogue gives the actors great entertainment to free themselves. John Gielgud, as a highly rational Earl whose intelligence (albeit accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate the precise way he can ensure Joan burns at the stake, and Anton Cordon Valbrook delivers a three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who will give Joan a fair trial that will surely to be guilty. Richard Vidmark as Dauphin is a real revelation. Contrary to the type of casting choices you will ever find, Vidmark shows the poor future French ruler in a frenzy, comic caricature that is closest to this movie. A comic performance that feels like the imitation of Jerry Levis much more than the imposing future ruler of France. Preminger recorded "Saint Joan" in black and white, the cameraman is Georges Perinal who worked with Rene Clair and who did Colleen's Life and Death in color. It is perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film. Preminger's tendency to track recordings of long continuous recordings is crucial to the effectiveness of the movie, it makes no sense to lose anything in his mise-en-scene. It also marks the direction of Preminger's highest sound. The mature (and most adapted) period is its focus on the conflict between individuals and institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how individual behave according to their principles. These topics get the most immediate treatment in his film and as he always keeps things unpredictable and does not find black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
