The diagnosis murder was shown on most of the working days of the week on BBC1, as I watched him while I was ill from the school 10 years ago - I know I should not enjoy it, in the same way that I should not enjoy the murder which I wrote "But I'm totally dependent on both, I even have DVD boxes .... OK I know it's sad!" Dick Van Dike wears a play while starring Dr. Mark Sloan a Doctor at The General Community Hospital in Los Angeles, also a police consultant for LAPD - his son Steve (Barry van Dike - Dick's real son) is a police A civil servant who needs his father's help for many suspicious deaths. With the ride, Dr.Amanda Bentley (Victoria Bentlei), a resident pathologist in the community and the first couple of seasons, you had Scott Baio who played Dr Jack Stevart, who increased and left the series in 1995, hoping to move to bigger and better things ... he needed to stay where he was, did nothing to do with ... and his only theater performance For many years he has been in Babi Geniuses 2: Superbabies .... Oh Dear !!! Dr.Jack Stevart was replaced by a younger Dr.Jesse Travis, who played Charlie Schlatter, who was quite comfortable stepping into Baio's shoes. The series is extremely incredible, but what is the Vhodunit series is not? (The murder she wrote-wherever she went Jessica, somebody ended up dead or underrated father Dovling Misteries about the murder that was solved by a priest with a nun from a sister) The series was much lighter until 1997 because she had a supportive an actress who included Norman Briggs's inaccessible hospital manager, played by Michael Tucci along with Nurse & Mark's Dolores actress who played Delores Hall, after 1997, both of these characters were no longer involved, and the series became a smoother affair with a larger budget, some episodes have been included there are many more actions, one episode of the entire hospital is blowing up. This was a family play For Van Dike, since Dick's son Barry, you also had Dick's daughter and all his grandchildren. appearance in different episodes. As the series unfolds is a bit stupid, an episode I remember Dick van Dike plays his whole family, which was a bit unusual, but there was something really good TV show on the whole 'Diagnosis Murder' which she had many good guest stars. Since this show ended in 2001, Dick & Barry reappeared in a series of TV films "Tired 101" filmed by The Hallmark Channel. much the same way, and still pleasant. Dick, now in the mid-80s, does not seem to have changed much and seems to be working to the end. TV SHOV **** OUT OF *** **
