Fraulein Doctor is a good demonstration as well as ever as the great film industry in Western Europe has fallen in the past 40 years. Then, in the late 1960s, while large Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France, and England were turning movies to fill the void left by the Hollywood slump. There was also a picture of James Bond (Doctor No was a surprise in the US, it was first published in the Century Theater chain in New York at a price of 99 cents in the afternoon), Spaghetti Westron Clint Eastwood (a distributor who never paid 10 cents to Italian producers) and French films about the crimes that usually went to art houses, with exceptions such as the Sicilian clan. There were also European co-productions such as Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fraulein Doctor. With his great budget for the time and world talent, Fraulein Doctor was good enough that viewers still remember the film for decades later. Kenneth More, playing a British intelligence officer, has a line at Fraulein Doctor where he tells the captured spy to talk or play the Vall game. The wall is located opposite the shooting line, with a little chance that the spy will win the game. Such a cynical attitude took place well across national borders, during the Vietnam War in 1969. Parenting scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not damage the chances of these performers to get parts in Hollywood films, Hollywood studios were in the process of abolishing distribution and production abroad. Fox will no longer reproduce films like the Sicilian Clan, Colombia will not distribute films such as Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went even further by cutting almost all film productions by selling its chain of theater in India due to the value of the land below and the docking studio Borehamvood while Kerkorian robbed a studio to collect money to build his casino in Las Vegas (where Balli is a gambling gift shop sold the MGM's souvenirs at the price under patronage, the things that remained on the MGM's stock auction, the old Board of Directors of the studio, unloaded the studio's film library into Universal (as far as I remember) and really seinter he turned to films after Robert Evans started producing a hit for another, but it was in the 1970s. Fraulein Doctor with his lesbian scene was buried with cut versions of the movie that appeared on local stations during the 80s. Kenneth More was usually shaped like an uncomfortable guy when he was older, especially in the BBC's Detective Detective Father Braun. When he was younger, as in the British Titanic, he played his standard resident British officer . In Freure's Doctor, he had a chance to be much harder than usual, as far as I remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is true, its role and, of course, equestrian horses wearing gas masks and protective covers in combat. It was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that some director, who caused this spy film in the First World War, where money spent on production values ​​really appears on the screen.
