This special episode in Smallville is probably the best episodes in the air since the reunion. This is for many reasons. For example, the series returns to some of its roots. She greets Lionel for allegedly long absence, with the office of Luthorcorp plaza in Metropolis. This room has not been in Smallville for a long time, and watching it again brings back many memories from the Smallville's past. Not to mention, Lionel's conversations with Lek are always wonderful. Another pleasant return, Uwe convinced, is Bart Allen (aka Impulse), AC (aka Akuaman) and Victor Stone (aka Ciborg). Not only does Steven Deknight reunite former justice leaders, he connects them with the Smallville formula in such a unique way that he almost feels like a feature film. From here you get a basic story, Green Arrow forms the league, attempts to climb into the air 33.1, Bart is caught, Clark saves him, and the object is blasted into the empire. Everything is good and graceful, with a good combination of concealment, action, pace and uncertainty. Oh, and Cyborg has some new upgrades to the true character of the Justice League :). Music is probably what makes this episode so good. If you remember well, the first episode Steven Deknight directed was Agless from the 4th season. This was the central episode, but something did not fit. Maybe it was music, or acting, or the fact that at the end of "Clark sais" "we did not find you, you found us," somehow people lost faith in the formula. But fortunately, Steve Deknight has retired in this episode of justice. I had several questions about the justice that made it fall below the full 10. First of all, the too poor exit from the Judicial League from the exposition of the Ridge facility. I think it would be much colder if we say that Green Arrow and Ciborg went to Oliver's bike. Clark and Impuls obviously had to run, and the aqua should swim the other way. But it was incredibly cheesy, it separated 2 points from full 10. Second, another cheesy moment, not as bad as the first one, but when Green Arrow sais "let's save the world". That made me. All in all, judging by acting performances, music, directions and production values, professionals overcome the contradiction, and this is still one of the best episodes in smallville history, and perhaps the second best episode in season 6. <br /> <br / > 7 of 10 ...
