EL MAR is a hard, sharp, extremely brilliant, brave work of film art. The director Agusta Villaronga, with the adaptation of Antonio Aloy and Biel Meskide from the novel Blai Bonet, created a film that traces the deep consequences of the war on children's minds and how this exposure destroys the lives of adults. Although the focus is on a disgusting war tattoo on children, it is clear that transferring to similar effects on soldiers and citizens in adulthood. This movie becomes one of the most beautiful anti-war documents without resorting to pamphlet: the end result has a much greater impact due to its story that follows the childhood march to adulthood. Spain's civil war in Spain threatened with unconsciousness and invasive night-time slaughter of citizens. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tour (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) are witnesses of the terror of killing men and the revenge that causes one of them to commit suicide and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, wearing all psychic illness and trauma in their heads. Then we meet with three surviving elderly people where they are all confined to a sanatorium of tuberculosis. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by his 'john' Morell (Juli Mira), and retained his private lifestyle. Tour (Bruno Bergonzini) became a brittle sexually suppressed gay man whose cover is his dedication to Catholicism and the blur of devious self-indulgence / crucifixion. Francisca (Antonia Torrens) has become a nun and serves patients in a sanatorium. The three of them re-join the environment in the sanatorium and slowly reveal the scars of their childhood experiences in the war. The turkey cries for Ramal's love, Ramal wants to be free of his Morelle, and Francisca must confront her own inner needs, covered by her white nun. The thread takes place between life and death, between lust and love, between devotion and destruction. More details would destroy the impact of the film on the individual viewer, but it is enough to say that it is graphic sex and complete nudity (in some of the most unusual raw videos shot on the movie), and the viewer should be ready to testify to every form of brutality that is can imagine. For this viewer, these scenes are of paramount importance, and the director of Villaronga should greet his perseverance and the courage to make this story so intense. Actors, both children and adults, are great: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antonia Torrens are particularly good at unusually heavy roles. Jaime Peracule's cinema and the exciting musical party of Javier Navarreta serve the director's vision. A solid film, but one that is recommended to those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish vith English subtitles. Builds Harp
