The series of the novel Leslie Charteris on the adventures of the slightly suspicious Simon Templar ("The Saint") was brought to the screen in the late 1930s, when George Sanders came as a Templar. It was a cautious choice - Sanders would usually play criminals with occasional "lovely roles" (ffoliott in FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE, the title hero of UNCLE HARRY'S FOREIGN CASE, framed by Robert Montgomery's "best friend" at RAGE IN HEAVEN). His willingness to overcome the rules and violate the law corresponds briefly to his "grave personality", while his good looks and polite behavior made Templar a suitable suspicious hero, such as "Boston Blackie" Chester Morris and (to some extent) Peter Lorra "Mr. Moto ". Movies are not the best series of movie mysterious series - but they are useful. Like Rathbone's Holmes series or Oland's Chan series, the performance often featured actors who repeated the roles or played new ones (the anti-heroine in the movie was starring Vendi Barrie, who would appear in the second film of the series). This, and a bit known film sets, make the series enjoyable for viewers who hear buzzing in dialogue (always showing Sanders the ability to keep up in front of the bad guys), without noticing the obvious shortcomings of the action. All these mysteries have disadvantages due to the fact that even the best writers of this genre can not avoid repeating old ideas over and over again and again and again. he acknowledged his affection for Barrie, whom she knew for a long time. Soon after he tried to protect her from the police. But as the film dealt with the identity of the criminal master, it became apparent that this person was so mildly noble that the mysterious mind merited (ie, the script disguised him as the least likely suspect). Barrie seeks proof that her father (who died in jail) framed by real criminals in a gang of robberies. She has several people who help her - cups like Villiam Gargan - and she gets tips from the masters about planning unpleasant breakthroughs that can not be attributed to her. The D.A. who judged her father (Jerome Covan) is determined to bring Barrie and her gang. The only detective who seems to have a chance to solve the case is Jonathan Hale, who follows Sanders but reluctantly works with him. The players have some nice moments in the script - Hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich dinner from a lobster made by Sanders by Villie Best. Because of this, he received a serious stomach disorder, which enabled Sanders and Barrie to escape from Sanders' flat. He must best remember him (when he feels better) to the place Sanders told him to leave at a certain time. There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. Usually played by decent people (such as the one beaten in BETVEEN TVO VORLDS) he plays a socially prominent weakness - whose death resembles characters in Bogart's film. Overall, a well-made movie for the second half of the movie collection in 1939. They will entertain you even if they do not stay in your memory.
