"Gespenster" The question to be cool in the German cinema <br /> <br /> There are not many German films in the last ten years, I was much interested. Yes, the problem is the majority of German films in the film "Gespenster". He is ready to see in some places. The special figure of Tony (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But it was always in German films. Everyone has to learn this coolness - realism in these films. It's hard to understand. But in this case it makes sense because it steals and easier - it's the kind of girl that you better never to love, because you lose. This is not clear to another girl Nina in this movie. She loves - and lost to her. But Nina lost everything. She will play with soft emotions and sad feeling. No way - but have to say that Herbert Ahterbušu twenty years. It's so often the way it goes in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the law society - what is out there - and there's no way. Films do not try to give it a part in every place. This is one of the problems - stupid interruption Convention - criminal fascination. Drop everything - and do not go anywhere! But the actress plays this difficult part very interesting. On the other hand - there are parents - who are key chains to the two girls. They have a car - suite - have money and live in the world of opera with the music. But the film is always at a certain distance to look. There is not much explanation for them. <Br /> <br /> At the heart of this film, there is one scene that you will never forget. Two girls came to casting. And there should not say they are together. In this scene Toni will lie. She said a fantastic story - she has nothing to do with her. Then Nina will tell the truth. She said that the introverted way. There is no exhibition in it. She looks to the bottom and says what will happen here. It's a great moment. In the next scene at the party image in red, this feeling happens - Toni goes ... <br /> <br /> Okay, the film will be completed - the German way of coolness - garbage - here Krug sorrow closes. But there was a moment - where something else happens - and this moment was important. He has more than German coolness - but these moments are rare in the German cinema at this time!
