"Gespenster" (2005) is formed, together with "Iella" (2007) and "Jericho" (2008), the Gespenster trilogy of director Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the German film directors of our cream-de-la-creme. Roughly speaking, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter was kidnapped as a three-year-old child while her mother turns around for one minute in Berlin - and has never been seen ever. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin whenever there is a possibility and a search, with the help of time-enhanced photography, for girls of the age of approximately the present years. As we heard later in the film, the mother has been convinced many times that she has found her daughter Mary. However, this time, when he meets Nina, everything comes quite differently. The film does not bring solutions, even part-solutions, and it's pretty disappointing. We do not get equipment or decide whether the mother is really crazy or not, if her real daughter is still alive or not. Most of the disappointing is the end. After what we saw in the film, the observer was forced to let her stay only when the author left Nina alone. A simple walk that symbolizes nothing has changed, it can be a powerful effect of dramaturgy (for example, in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster" it is displaced. Since critics suggest the Freudian motives in this movie, I just try: why do not the same people know each other, especially the persons that another similar person knows? This is a crazy question, agreed, from the standpoint of Aristotelian logic, according to which the concept of an individual is kept. An individual is such a person who does not share any of his characteristics with anyone else. So Aristotle's answer to my question is: They do not know each other because their similarity is pure change. Anyone who is not crazy, believes it. However, what is the case if these similar persons have other similarities that can hardly be changed, for example, scarves on the left side under the ankle or stamps in the shape of a heart beneath the right blade? It is the metaphysical context from which this film is made, although I'm not sure if the director understood it. In spite of our modern, aristotelian world, superstition, preserved in the mythology of people all over the world, similar people share parts of their individuality, so this individuality is not so strange, it is diffused, so that the boundaries between people are open, such and similar faiths they build a strong backbone of irrational outburst despite our otherwise vigorously rational thinking - the Gespenstere source of the most interesting species.
