This is not another view of the Holocaust, but an intimate story about events that took place on a small street in Berlin and some people who were involved. This film begins at the present moment in New York where Ruth Veinstein (Jutta Lampe) complains about the death of her husband, and family members gathered on her side. Ruth's daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is slowly finding out that her mother was raised by a Aryan woman named Lena Fischer (Doris Schade) and thus travels to Germany and finds a 90-year-old telling her about the events at Rosenstrasse. ***** LEO talks about Berlin in 1943, when Gestapo will keep all Jewish spouses in the building on Rosenstrasse Street, although it is assumed that the immunity would be for the married Arians and for nine days a group of women would Waiting outside and yelling for their release. Eighty-year-old Ruth (Svea Lohde) is waiting for her mother to go out and have no where to go, but she sees the 33-year-old Lena (Katja Riemann) who receives her. Lena's husband, Fabian (Martin Feifel), is also inside and eventually tries to socialize with Nazi officers in order to force them to do something. This film is directed by Margaret von Trotta, who makes her first feature film almost 10 years after he worked on television and, while obviously not from her provocative efforts, she remains one of the most respected directors in Europe. This is not one of those Nazi films in which we watch terrible acts of inhumanity towards the Jews, although we see that some serious actions are being carried out, but this is more recitation of a small event that signified the life and death of the people involved. This film does not try to shock anyone, nor does it open the door to debates about the circumstances, but what he simply wants is to throw light on a small, but true, life event that happened in the historical period. A part of the film forces comes from his actors, and there are also good performances that are particularly radiant to Riemann and the young Lohde and it's always good to see Schrader (Aimee & Jaguar) playing the key role. This is not a great movie or something that will change your perspective in World War II, but since innocent lives have been killed because of the events that have taken place, I think that only this reason is enough important to tell this true story.
