Another small piece of the huge pictorial puzzle of the Holocaust turned face to face in this documentary about the Rosenstrasse protest in Berlin, an event I did not know about, which began at the end of February 1943. The details are given in the appendix that follows. The film story sets the story of this protest within another, modern story that begins in New York City, in the present. Here the well-being, careless Jew, whose husband just died, shocked his children and others by insisting on an extremely orthodox rite of sorrow. She goes even further, asking her nephew's fiancée to leave the house. Anxious daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) then first learns from her older cousin that during her Second World War, in Berlin her mother, then 8 years old, was busy and protected by the Aryan woman. Hannah dropped everything, went to Berlin and found that woman, Lena Fischer, now 90. Hannah easily persuades a woman to tell her story. It all seems pretty nasty. The film then improves, focusing on long flashbacks primarily on the events of 1943 that surrounded the protest, in which the fictional central figure of the same Mrs. Fischer in 33 (gloriously played by Katja Riemann), barons and pianists married to Fabian (Martin Feifel), a Jewish concert violinist, one of the men detained at Rosenstrasse. The story is briefly about We occasionally return to the present and again end up in New York. Although the scenes in the present are saturated with colors, the 1943 scenes are washed, strong in blue-gray tones. The quality of the acting is generally quite good, which we could expect with respect to the deep talent pool in Germany and directed by Margaret von Trotta, the most prominent filmmaker in German cinema, and the ex-actress himself. The story of the protest is simply stated. There is only one trait that will help: textual notes in the end point to the final outcome for those people who were arrested in Rosenstrasse, which was the outcome, as the attachment below is clear, incredibly positive. Rosenstrasse did not go well in the opinions of most film critics. Too long, unnecessarily layered, the bearer of gender stereotypes, manipulative with music: so go to the usual raps. It's too long. But in this film, I found a strict, powerful, spontaneous and utterly convincing voice of protest by women who kept a spell in front of the site in Rosenstrasse where their Jewish relatives and others were detained. In this view I did not find anything noticeable, modern or manipulative. The very absence of extreme violence (no one shot or otherwise physically cruel) increased my tension, which gradually increased as the film progressed. You are constantly waiting for an evil attack to begin at any moment. The darkness of the film remained after me. I woke up often in the night when I saw a movie, and my mind was filled with gloomy, melancholy, chaotic images and the feelings that the film caused. For me, this rarely happens. (In German and English). My Score: 8/10 (B +). (See 05/31/05). If you would like to read more about my reviews, send me a message for instructions to my websites. Add: Rosenstrasse Protest: Caught in forced labor in what was supposed to be Final interview in the capital, 1700 to 2000 Jews, mostly men married to non-Jewish women, were taken to Rosenstrasse 2 -4, the Social Work Office for the Jewish Community in central Berlin. The Jews had German relatives, many of whom were strongly linked, Adolf Eichmann hoped that their separation from other prisoners would convince family members that their loved ones had been sent to labor camps, rather than in malice destinations in occupied Poland. Normally, the arrested were detained only two days before they were boarded in trains that were in the east. But before the deportation of prisoners could occur in this case, women and other relatives learned what was happening and appeared at Rosenstrasse, first in one and two, and then in an increasing number. Perhaps even six thousand participated in the protest, though not all at the same time. Women sought back their husbands, day after day, a week. Unarmed, unorganized and without leaders, they faced the most brutal forces available to the Third Reich. Joseph Gebels (Governor or district leader) of Berlin, seeking to ram the city racially, was also in charge of the public nation of the nation. In both cases he was worried about the possible consequences of women's actions. Instead of calling for more open disagreement by shooting women in the street and scaring the threat of the secrecy of the "final solution," Gebels, with Hitler's consent, freed Rosenstrasse prisoners and even ordered the return of the twenty-five who had already been sent to Auschwitz! Both Hitler and Goebbels' decision was only the postponement of the inevitable. But they made a mistake. Almost all those who were released from Rosenstrasse survived the war. Women won a stunning victory over the forces of destruction. (Adapted from the article published on the website of the University of South Florida, "Holocaust Teachers Guide.")
