I'm always surprised how many times you will see something about the Second World War on German national television. You would think they do not like to open old wounds, but there is no Sunday that passes without a documentary or a film about the horror and vices of this war. Perhaps this is the way to deal with their past, I do not know, but you can certainly not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries are worth watching, because they never try to mislead the truth, and the same can be said about their films (say, for example, "Der Untergang" or "The Dovnfall" like you might be One of these films is "Rosenstrasse." She speaks a true story and deals with the topic of mixed marriages during the war, even though the film begins with a family in the US today. After Hahn's father died , her mother suddenly turned into an orthodox Jew, although she was not very religious before. She does not know where the strange her mother's behavior, but how she begins to dig in her mother's troubled childhood, Hannah realizes how little she knew about her mother's past. The fact that this film deals with the topic of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime, which is already pretty (As far as I know, there was no other film dealing with this topic. (For those who did not know yet: Being married to a so-called clean Aryan man or woman meant to many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but they have to work in the factory). But this does not only talk about the problems of mixed marriages, but also gives a good idea of ​​how often these people were seen by their parents and relatives. How often it was difficult for them during the Nazi regime and how these men, mostly women, did everything in their power to free their people after being captured and imprisoned for example in Rosenstrasse ... <br /> < The story is really good and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really do it for me (and that's exactly the part you'll see in the trailer. Perhaps I'm just myself, but I would leave out the big one part of what's happening today. At least part of it in the US, because the part in which Hannah goes to Berlin and talking to someone who knows more about mother's past, definitely works. If you are interested in anything that has anything to do with World War II, and if you do not necessarily require a lot of action, then this is definitely a movie This is not a movie where you will see any battles or struggles, but it is certainly an interesting movie, because it gives you an idea about some aspect of the war that you know little about. I give it 8/10.
