In Rosenstrasse, Margaret von Trotta combines two stories to create a vivid tapestry of love and courage. The film depicts the family drama of alienation between the mother and her daughter, as well as the story of German women who protested against Rosenstrasse in order to free their Jewish husbands from certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the focus of the film is on saving the child from the Holocaust by the Germans and the result of the child's experience of losing a mother. While Mrs. von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has made a difference, she does not use it to justify German society. Indeed, she shows that in the midst of torture and extermination, the wealthy artists and intellectuals of the German high society continued with their lives and entertainment, not paying attention to suffering. Rosenstrasse opens in New York as Jewish widow Ruth Veinstein (Jutta Lampe) decided to sit on Shiv, a seven-day period of mourning after the funeral in which members of the Jewish family devote full attention to the memory and grief of the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is banned from receiving telephone calls from her fiancée Louis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to follow the Orthodox tradition she had previously rejected. When Ruth coldly discarded her cousin, Hanna is questioning and finding out about a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child when a Nazi girl was deported and killed, and she promises to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. Her quest leads to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety years old, and interviews her on the pretext that she is a reporter who explores certain aspects of the Holocaust. With relentless memories, Lena speaks her story of how a young 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann) sought her husband, Jewish pianist Fabian Iztech Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and was presumed to be imprisoned despite the protection which is usually given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a great performance by Reimann, reveals that her husband and other Jews are being held captive at the former plant in Rosenstrasse. Standing together in the icy night, the German women whose husbands are missing are gathering outside the building, their number grows every day until it reaches a thousand shouting "Give us back our husbands." Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo and raises her after her mother is killed. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family, and her brother, who recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Vehrmacht officer. After her father refused to help to release Fabian, she received the help of her brother who told his fellow officer: "I know what the Jews are doing, I've seen it." Given his support, he is brave enough to bypass the channels and go to the top where her beauty and charm can not be resisted by the Minister of Culture, Josep Goebbels, a famous woman. Although this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading to women's demonstrators, it is a historical fact that Gebels was very active in making decisions that affect Rosenstrasse. Director Margaret von Trotta, activist, feminist and intellectual, is not a foreigner to political drama. She directed the film about the socialists Rozi Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about the relationship of the two sisters, one of which resorted to political violence in order to achieve its liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film she worked for eight years, she had to make compromises, adding today's fictional element in order to produce her film. That works well, it's a recognition of Mrs. Art. Fon Trot and the beautiful scenario of Pamela Katz whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. Events in Rosenstrasse give lies to the Germans, who say, "We could not do anything." Now Trotta pointed to the opposite, that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that this case did not get caught.
