Berlin-born in 1942. Margaret Fon Trott was an actress and now a very important director and writer. She has been described, perhaps even unfairly cartooned, as a director whose dedication is that women's sensibility on the screen outperforms her artistic forces. Rosenstrasse, which received mixed and even strange criticisms (an article in the New York Times was one of the most negative aggressive reviews I've ever read in that paper) is not the perfect movie. It is a fine film and the evidence of a rare coalition of successful opposition to the genocidal Nazi regime by all nations, the generic powerless Germans who demonstrated in a Berlin street. The co-writer von Trott uses the current Rosenstrasse incident in the context of a search for a young woman for information on motherhood that has never been discovered as a child in the German capital during World War II. The man Ruth Veinstein (Jutta Lampe) has also died in the surprising reversal of the orthodox Jewish way of life, which until now has been in a halt, Ruth not only "sits shivah" (the Jewish week of a long ritual) but he insists that he follow the strict rules of his faith. Her apartment in New York reflects the wealth that ensured his wife's efforts. Her daughter Hannah (Mary Schröder) and her brother, born in America, were somewhat discarded from my mother's takeover of restrictive orthodox Jewish practices, but they were dragged on. Fedja van Huet). The domestic crisis could erupt because Ruth warns that Hannah will give up if she does not give up on the grant, the handsome Luisa. Stay with us. The cousin arrives to pay his respects and also ignores the interested Hannu about the mystery about the war mother childhood in Berlin. Hana is intrigued - she asks her mother who decisively refuses to talk about this part of her life. This is very, very real. I grew up with my parents who left Nazi Germany right on time and I knew many children whose families, in general, but usually partially, escaped the Holocaust. That day was simply not discussed. So Hannah, having learned that a German gentle woman saved Ruth's life, goes to Berlin hoping that the savior will still breathe. If not, it would be a very short film. But Ruth, pretending to be a historian, places 90-year-old Lena Fischer (Doris Schade), now a widow. While happy for the interviews, but shaken by the rebuilt memories, Lena tells her story, the scenes are quite easily changed between today's Berlin and the capital of the war. Young Lena from 1943. Katja Riemann) was a fine pianist married to Jewish violinist Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). With the arrival of the Nazi regime, he was asked to use "Israel" as a middle name, such as the Jews had to add "Sarah" with their names (I would, by chance, like IMDb did not give the Fabian name on his list of characters with false "Israel" included - simply maintains the name that the Nazis apply as a classification and degradation mark). While Germany deported most of its Jewish population into concentration camps, those who were married to the "Aryans" were exempted. For a while. By 1943, when the regime decided to take them (most were men; minorities were Jewish married to non-Jews). This exposition is shown here in its intimidating intensity. Young Lena is trying to find her husband. All she and many other women know is that they are locked in a building at Rosenstrasse. A bunch of worried women are stacking up, some seeking help from German officers who predictably refuse help and verbally abuse them ("a whore who loves the Jew" and one name). As a subplot, Lena more or less adopts an eight-year-old Rut who hid when her mother was seized (remember, Ruth is now sitting in Manhattan). Child Ruth is shown by Svea Lohde. Through all the frenzied protests women finally prevail. Men and a handful of women are released. As in the real story given by the Nazis, one of the few, almost unprecedented times when crazy people admitted defeat in their aggressive agenda (the second was the end of the euthanasia campaign to free Reich from mental defects and chronic disabilities, but this is another story Von Trotta builds tension and the story of every woman is both personal and universal. Hana continues to penetrate into old Lena, who slowly, gathering, begins to doubt that she does not deal with ordinary historians, but a person who has the need to find out about the girl she saved, a child whose m Today, Berlin carries the legacy, but not the scars of the monstrous past, and Von Trott does it very well. </ p> <p> </ p> <p> <p> The main actors are equally impressive: Lenin's husband, while strong, was also shown to be completely helpless in the trap of captivity with the likely deportation (which proved to be clearly understood by all the characters - including the local police and army - as a one-way paths her into oblivion). . The Old Route is catalyzed to face the demons that have long been suppressed in their happy life in New York. Hannah is very convincing as a young woman whose father's death causes the need to discover the past of her family. These things happen (although Times critics do not know). Von Trott is safe, but not perfect. The scene with Goebbels at the dinner party that enjoys Lenin's violin is unnecessary and hinders. The suggestion that she may have gone to bed with the propaganda minister, the more fanatical Hitler fan, to save her husband, diminishes the amazing accomplishment of her spouse and relatives. Most German officers come from central casting and are formed by a school for copying and gluing Tehton abortion. But that's understandable. Rosenstrasse's story was the subject of books and articles, and some argue that this is a paradigmatic argument for the claim that much more Jews could have been saved that several Germans protested. Unfortunately, this argument is nonsense. The German women who occupied Rosenstrasse were deeply and comprehensively interested in themselves. Most Germans were on the line somewhere between passive and virulent anti-Semitism. Therefore, the Rosenstrasse protest was virtually unique. Regardless of whether someone is buying or rejecting Goldenhagen's thesis that most Germans are ready to be an accomplice to real killers, one can not deny that pre-Nazi-endemic anti-Semitism has erupted into a tense tension since 1933. Lena Lena notices that what women have achieved "ray of light" in the wrong time. Most men and women flew near death. Thus, the "air of light" was also von Trottin's film is a luminary of illuminations which shows that some are saved by the courage of mostly ordinary women and that there is a chance for celebration for every saved life. And it will always. 9/10
