This was just another great film of the Berlin Festival. But unlike "Yes," Salli Potter, which I saw a few days earlier, when I left the cinema after feeling out the cinema, I felt a strong desire to hug the whole world and I was just happy to be alive, this time quite the opposite. : something pulled me, and the air suddenly became cold and hard breathing. It was like suddenly there was nothing left, all hope, all the future was taken to a dead spot. Nin's life seemed sad and locked up, but then, one awesome day, that kind of glamor that opens the horizon appears and it seems to believe in fulfilling its dreams. No one was on her side, but suddenly she found a companion, only from nothing, someone who was able to share the most cautious feelings in her life. That person was Tony, a rogue who seems to have no root, just like her. But the title of the movie is "Ghosts", and ghosts appear and disappear the way they want, there is no way to keep them ?? Spirits also represent hidden fantasies of people, strange ideas that your mind occupies and which you experience yourself, hiding from all other people. Francoise, a French woman, is the victim of such ghosts. She once lost a daughter in Berlin, who was obviously robbed of her at the supermarket, in just a moment of neglect. Now is the time, and Francoise returned to Berlin, she is still searching for a missing child. Nina could be that child, after all she has the same scar on the ankle and the mark of the heart Between her blades that seem to prove her true identity. Nina accepts this idea, after all she is not only in the desperate need for a companion, she also craves for her mother. But in the end she's empty hands, Tony disappeared with a man, and her alleged mother turns out to be a sick woman. "Marie is dead," Francoise's husband concludes, and this statement could not have been more disappointing. Nina is just a "nina", a girl without a name, there is no hope for any divine fulfillment. There is no Marie in this world to follow our lonely lives. Therefore, in the end, we see Nina alone, to move the path that opened before her, into a future that looks volatile and uncertain.
