I do not think many films (especially comedies) have added unforgettable dialogues such as MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate this - you can see an incredibly long list of citations on this subject - but for me, it's incredible for every movie that can do topics like the defense of the use of expensive copper pipes instead of brass for the needs of plumbing in a memorable dialogue. It is not the only line that appears and a real impression on our memory. What do you say to a restaurant waiter complaining about a planned marriage because it will mean the loss of an old client? Or a kind, older dog breeder who encourages his pack to spit on the Moon? Or a description by Perry (John Mahonei) of the student's youthful promise as a "moon in martini" (my favorite line). MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of a brilliant scenario, a first-rate direction and a good ensemble that perfectly fits. There are other examples (the drama of OKS-BOV INCIDENT is another example, but it's darker). Cher, Olimpia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahonei and Danny Aiello are all involved in plans and cross-purposes that explore the nature of love and how to deal with it. Is it good to be completely in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, think that they think so, but Dukkakis knows that true love is triggered by an individual (Cage gets a glimpse of the realization of that, when he and Cher clash outside his house after returning from the La Bohemian Opera). Is the belief in humans a way of avoiding thoughts of death? Dukakis believes that, and (which is strange - although not completely convinced) Aiello. The case reveals unbelief - Dukakis knows early that Gardeny's strange behavior is related to disbelief, and Sher literally encountered Gardeny and his girlfriend in opera (but Gardenia also stumbled upon Chern's similar disbelief toward Aiell). But coincidence also leads to misunderstandings: Fjodor Chaliapin encounters Dukakis walking with John Mahonei and thinks she has an affair. And in the film there are nice moments. Sherry's observation of flowers leading to income. She is hearing an argument at the beverage store and his resolution. But the best is the order of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Cher's uncle and aunt Raimonda and Rite Cappomaggi and Rita's charming and polite commentary on Raimondo on the effect of the moon on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. Near the film is immaculate. After I've seen it for over ten years in so many years, I can only find two points that do not look smoothly as they should be. When Sher is in the furnace in Cage, his assistant Chrisi (Nada Despotovich) mentions that she is secretly in love with Cage, but she was afraid to tell him. She was a little slick to Cher before, which quickly put her in place. However, nothing is done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Sher forgets to place his uncle and aunt's daily business profits is currently brought to the final seven minutes of the film - but it also fell quickly. Were there any plots that were discarded, except for one about Cher and Vincent Gardenia working in a homeless shelter as a pledge? It's a little anger, but I think it's based only on the desire to see more about this movie because it's so good.
