This film is still favored for all time. Only a pretentious, humorous moron would not enjoy this beautiful movie. This film feels like a piece of warm apple pie with the addition of French ice cream from vanilla! I think this is Cher's best work ever and her most likely impact. Cher has always been blessed with charisma, good looks and an enviously thin figure. Do you like her singing or not - who else sounds like Cher? Sher definitely left a mark in the entertainment industry and will be remembered long after the others came and left. She is one of the most unified artists there. It's funny, because who would have thought Cher was such a natural gifted actress? She is the head above the so-called film "stars" of today. Cher is a real actor at the same level as Debra Vinger, Alfre Voodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and several others, in that it never looks like an "act", it really becomes a character convincing. She more than earned the respect of her peers and film audiences. Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - characters, landscapes, dialogue, food. I'm never tired of watching this movie. Every time I watch the scene where everyone is sitting at a table in Rose's house, I pause down to see what tasty Rose food is. serving. I've seen spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can not see if they eat ravioli, ziti? What is the main dish? It looks great and it's driving me crazy! Everyone in that family was worthy of individuals and respected and worried about each other. The grandfather was not pushed aside and tolerated, he was a vital part of the family and was listened and respected for his age and wisdom. He seemed to be a pretty healthy, independent old codger. Loretta's mother was not just "a housewife", she was a glue that kept the family together and was an exemplary example of how a woman, mother and home manager should tend to be. She was proud of the lifestyle she chose but did not allow her to define who she was. Highly professional businessmen are not as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini. Pay attention to the stubborn way she said: "I did not have children until I turned 37. You feel that she was a kind of young woman who did exactly the way she loved and got her way without the other person grasping what happened. She was charming, quick, witty and very smart. What a great mommy! In fact, Loretta did not like me right now because she looked like some kind of knowledge - that's all that was not so adventurous and as if she controls herself as she wanted others to think. She could tell others about herself and where they are but she did not actually apply common sense to her life, and she intended to marry a middle-aged boyfriend just because she wanted a husband and a sense of identity and purpose in her life.It was more conventional than her mother.And she dressed and wore her hair like the matron in the detention house and seemed senseless and boring, but she felt below you that she was vulnerable and lonely and had a lot of love to give her the right man. She would probably make a great mommy in the end. I could see in the future, a house full of Lorette and Ronnie's loud, screaming happy children, and Rose and Cosmo enjoy at any time.
