Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in the late thirties, a widow who lives with her parents in a duplex in Brooklyn. She was hired to marry Johnny Aiello, a gentle man, more than a resigned duty of true love. Before their wedding, Johnny goes on a trip to visit his mother who is ill and leaves Loreto play the olive leaf with his brother Ronnie, informing him about their upcoming wedding. Ronnie (Nicholas Cage) did not forgave Johnny because he was the cause of his accident that caused him a loss of hand (and then his younger daughter then), but he falls in love with Loreto and hardly. After an ardent Loretto affair, from respect for Johnny, he tries to avoid Ronnie, but his dark look and supreme masculinity have won her. In the meantime, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olimpia Dukakis), not only doubts that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) is seen with another woman, but is also a subject of admiration by professors at college and wondering why men are being chased by women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta they can not get married. Setting up a pure series, but the story written by John Patrick Shannley with a deep understanding of Italian-American life in New York is sincere: he gets the idiosyncrasion of these people and their everyday weaknesses and freaks, and all the characters have deep romanticism that comes through key moments through the story. Loreta, the character hardened by the loss of her husband and knowing that his chances of happiness are thin, slowly appears as a woman who is so affected by the sudden recognition of the love she becomes heroine La Boheme - the one who recognizes the love of a man with a wooden hand (in a smart reversal of the sexes), and Scher inhabits the role and makes her own and in his own style subtly trades with his stupidity to deep, dark beauty. Ronny is pure fire, and Nicholas Cage exudes male power as if he channeled Marlon Brand. Castorini and Cappomaggi, who balance the central couple, express their love for each other in two very crucial moments: this second couple, in the night of the full moon when Loretta and Ronnie complete their affair - a rare scene showing love and intimacy among the elderly - and former in the tense moments after breakfast when Rose reveals openly, in touching words, that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). MOONSTRUCK is not only a romantic comedy and a film about the date of the election, but also a beautiful study of love and passion among ordinary people. Completion is the power of emotional influence, a family situation that goes beyond the current complications of cementing in the tradition that emerge in immigrants' days, and it is the one that raises this film from another film that feels like a good movie. . MOONSTRUCK deservedly got Oscar for best writing, actress and auxiliary actress, and proved to be growing out of his time.
