I saw Heartland when it was first published in 1980 and I just saw her again. It's improving over the years. Heartland is not just for fans of "indie" movies. At a time when most of American films are more than cynical attempts to cope with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland is a part of American history. It is also a reminder that most of our modern, urbanized Americans are spoiled. Nothing in this movie is too expressive or scenic. No one speaks Hollywood speech. The actors are really upgrading their roles. This is a really "small" movie, but it's actually bigger than most multimedia Hollywood productions. The film is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who never did anything better than that), a widow with seven-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver, but wants more options. She advertises for the housekeeper's position. The ad responds to Clide Stevart (Rip Torn, one of our most esteemed actors), a Scottish rancher, I'm a widower, with the host van Burnt Fork, Vioming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Vioming with her daughter. She and her daughter moved to Stevart's small house on the property. It is a wavy, lean pasture, a place of endless aspects where silence interrupts only the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed that a person feels small. The three characters last for a long time without seeing another human soul. Worse still, Stevart turns out to be silent to the extent that he is almost silent. "I can not talk to a man," Elinore Bakie Landauer complains. "You better learn before winter," says Grandma. Granny (Lilia Skala) is one of the only two other characters seen more than briefly. She came to Vioming from Germany with her husband many years earlier and she is leading her ranch now when she is a widow. Granny is their closest neighbor (and local grandmother) and still lives ten miles away! Another supportive figure is Jack who hired his hand (Barri Primus). Elinore's routine (and its employer) is one of the endless, hard work, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything has to be made, fixed or manually. This is the true flesh of the film: Watching the normal life of these ranchers as they fight against nature to take life out of the earth. But despite constant effort and tiredness, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. He finds out that the tract near Stevart is unprotected. Impulsively, she applies for a property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks of salaries!), Which means that if she lives on her (and she must really live there) and she works for ten years, she will get the work done. Of course, Stevart teaches what she did. With ruthless logic, he points out that without money, livestock, loans and property there is no way he can succeed. Then he offers a solution: he proposes a marriage. Stunned Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative, and accepts. We think Stevart's proposal is purely macchiavelic - he wants the country and free work - but we see it, in fact, he really loves Elinore, and they grow together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; He is born in the midst of a winter blizzard; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through a storm of ten miles to grandma and ten miles back, only to announce that Grandma was not there. This is more like a real life than it is pleasant, people. Elinore has a baby alone, without any help. Their son is still a child when he gets sick and dies. They lose half their livestock until the wintry winter. They fight. The last sequence in the movie should be optimistic: birth of a calf. Clyde urgently urges Elinore to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the first head, the calf is presenting with the foot. He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, tricks, facsimiles, or special effects: What you see is what happened, folks: the calf was born on a straw bed in a wooden stove with the aid of a lamp. In addition, the film does not end as it simply stops, leaving the viewer unhappy, but after a while appreciate the film as a whole, not only because of its completion. This little gem rewards patience. and deliberation. It can be watched long after most of the last generation movies have long been forgotten.
