I am usually a fool for romantic films that are well recorded and performed well. This is a romantic (periodic) film set up in Italy from the 17th century, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that this is a film from a period means it will inevitably be slower than movies set in the modern age, so there will be some. If you can overlook this fact, it's a really good movie. Scenarios, costumes and cinemas are beautiful, and the main actors and actresses are very impressive in their portraits, projecting the intensity of emotions that go through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unfortunate ending. It's easy to believe this is an accurate view of real-life characters. Despite the fact that the main characters and the story touched me, I decided to check the validity of the story and found that the main theme of the story about the movie - about the sad unfinished love story - was completely fabricated. In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, rather than subjecting him progressively voluntarily and passionately as the film was showing. She continued to have sexual intercourse with him only because she promised several times that she would marry her. When they were in court, he did not plead guilty to rape from pity for Artemisia's torture (unlike what the film shows). In reality, he tried to portray Artemis as a loose, promiscuous woman with insensitive sexual urges. In the film, his sister testified in court that Tasi had a wife and had sexual relations with her husband, and that Tassi's character at all times looked as if his sister had defamed him in connection with his alleged affair with his sister. daughter-in-law (although she admits that she had a woman in Florence). Needless to say that in reality this was not the case at all. In fact, far from it. Tasi was indeed responsible for the planned murder of his wife, who he gave birth to from rape. Adding to that, Tasi had really had sexual intercourse with his own power, impregnating in the process, but that was not reciprocal - again, he raped his daughter-in-law. So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sexual offender, what do we say from Artemisia, who describes him as a lover? We consider this to be an attempt to turn this film into a romantic film ... that this film has never been historically accurate ... Apart from these points, there were other historical inaccuracies as in the interpretation of Artemisio's art (in real life, it has never been really under the influence of Tassi's painting style, and was actually regarded as a much better painter than Tassi ever.) One thing remains true also that Artemisia Gentileschi was recognized as the first woman painter in history, and although her masterpiece was in line with many of her male peers, she has always had difficulty in getting enough credit for their work because of their gender as women, in Italy in the 17th century. Enjoy this movie by itself, because this is a pretty good romantic drama, but take its historical reference to the grain of salt.
