Rock solid giallo from the genre of the genre, Sergio Martino. Made from the amazing scenario of Ernest Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating turns to a great finale that most people may not see during the film. When everything went into place, we can go, "Ahh ..." The movie revolves around the death of a husband (... in an explosion of an airplane) and a million dollars that a woman receives from him. There are those with great interest in this money, especially the one who is dead man. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli), and the lover who seeks half the money is Lara (Janine Reinaud). She tells Lizzie she knows that her death has agreed to get the money from the insurance. Lara says she will use her "lawyer" Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. The film already produces two possible suspects for Lisa's murder, who was waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton shows Peter Linch. Peter works for a company that explores those who have acquired legacy to see if the day of the salary is collected under suspicious assets. When, on his watch, Lisa kills a man dressed from head to toe in black in his hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to research himself a little while helping inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and agent Interpol, Benton (Tom Felleghi) in their search for a killer. The killer strikes several times to eliminate anyone who is turning around the missing millions of dollars seized by the person responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon, the film follows journalist Clea Duponta (delicious, gorgeous Anita Strindberg) as she and Peter meet at a dinner where she could try and sniff everything that could break her story. They soon fall in love, but everyone who is near to Peter seems to be killed. Soon someone is attacking Cleo with the intention of killing, which further launches an investigation into an unknown territory. Why would someone want to hurt a journalist with no real facts to harm the one who kills people? This giallo is pretty smart and exciting. The film never sleeps, which is quite unusual because so much is happening leaving an open question about the identity of the killer. This film follows the path of gialli with a knife ax due to a specific sample taken by the killer (throat and lower torso). The film's conclusion ends with all the complex ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique camera angles, but delivers goods in terms of completing the mystery and execution.
