Sergio Martino recently impressed me with his Giallo classics' Strange Vice Mrs. Vardh 'and the unforgettable title' Your Vice is a closed room and I only have the key '- yet, I did not expect too much from This film. The Scorpion's tail case is not mentioned as the above-mentioned titles when it comes to the classical Giallo discussion - but I do not know why, as it is at least as good as the two! Dario Argento can be 'king' of Gialla, but with five films he made - Sergio Martino is certainly not far away. In a way, he even surpasses the master. All Martin's films were published pre-gems in the Argentine crown, magnificent Profondo Rosso, so that in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The plot here follows the idea of ​​murder for profit, and ensures the payment of a rich man's payment. His wife inherited a million dollars, and it did not take long before people came to her! When she appeared dead shortly thereafter, an insurance investigator and a stunning, attractive young journalist followed the case. two of Martin's associates on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marine at the Strange Vice of Vardh and All the Colors of the Dark, along with other Giallos. The Hilton has a great presence on the screen and every time I see it in the Italian thriller; it becomes obvious why he throws it out again. Beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will remain memorable from your Vice, is a closed room, a star at Hilton and exquisitely delivers the classical Giallo's women's edge. Sergio Martino is again doing a good job in the director's chair, with a few nice scenes - the best of which is best kept in a room with green light! The Bruno Nicolaia (Vardh) scenario perfectly sets the mood, but this is a scenario that is once again the driving force behind Martin's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, Martin's writer for the other four Giallas, has compiled a scenario that is exciting until a common Giallo castle is held up that makes no sense; thus freeing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The Scorpion's tail is a quality Giallo movie, and another success for Sergio Martine. If you like Giallo, you will love this!
