Sergio Martino's The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is a stage giallo from the early 70th climax of the genre. An explosion in an airplane brings millions of dollars of insurance money to a grieving but unfaithful woman. The money was later kidnapped by a murdered black assassin and a series of brutal murders followed. Scorpio's tail plays an element of mystery, written by Giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite straightforward. But, like giallo, the killings themselves are unforgettable and well organized. In fact, violence in this movie is very strong in some places - a scene with a broken bottle that is particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly influences the genre of gialla to move to the ever more extreme territory. But, like the best movies in the genre, brutality is offset by a good result and an attractive photo. Bruno Nikolaja's music sometimes reminds of the avant-garde work of Ennio Morricone in Bird with crystal feathers, but is also powerful in itself. Photographs helped the nice use of foreign sites - in this case, London and Athens - where Martino manages to enter, that is, to Parliament and the Acropolis! There is also some inventive work with cameras, the most effective use of slow-motion shooting in a series where a woman runs towards the door where the maniac pulls out. In this scene, Martino kills the killer through the door with a knife in a way that is under the influence of the crystal feather of Dario Argenta, however, it also has the killer's attempt to open the tongue with a knife, which was later repeated by Argento in Suspira. So, Martin's film itself is influential. This is a good solid giallo that both genre fans and non-genres can cost. The performance is good and the production values ​​are fine (although the airplane is, for example, somewhat low-budget!). DVD release NoShame is nice. There are also options in English and Italian, which is a real bonus. However, it's worthwhile to point out that sometimes you need to be a quick reader to fully understand the English title option. This also applies to the film and to the documentary in the appendix. However, this is a less important thing, DVD edition is a worthy addition to every giallo collection.
