Sergio Martino is a great director, who has contributed much to the film of the Italian genre and, as far as I am concerned, his Gialli of the 1970s are the undisputed highlights in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. The 1971 Scorpio Scenario Case is one of the impressive films Martino contributed to the most original under the genre of Italian horror and another proof that a man is a master of the atmosphere, style and uncertainty. My personal favorite of Martin's films I've seen so far is still crazy brilliant "Your Vice is locked room and I only have a key" in 1972, then "Torso" (1973) and "Strange Vice Of Mrs" Vardh "(1971 ), and I like all this personally. It's just a matter of personal taste, however, as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is just as great a movie that is essential for every lover of Italian cinema Horror and uncertainty at all. A film that brings exciting uncertainty from the very beginning has a complex and rugged plan that begins mysterious Peter Linch (George Hilton) is in charge of checking the circumstances that an insurance company is supposed to pay a large sum of the deceased man. Soon after Linch begins to investigate, the person is brutally murdered, which is just the beginning of a series of killings ... The Scorpion Scorpion case delivers all the elements to Giallo's great needs. The film is startlingly tense from the start, Bruno Nicolaia's film is brilliant, the plot is miraculously bent, and the identity of the killer stays misteri I do it all the way. Regular Giallo's leading man George Hilton again leads excellent performance in leadership. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely ecstatic in women's leadership. Among them is the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the brightest directors of the Italian genre of the 1960s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be known to every fan of Italian film. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually an excellent ambience for Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly exciting, and the photo is brilliant, and the brilliant outcome of Bruno Nicolai makes the tension even more intense. Brief story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another great Giallo from Sergio Martina and an absolute must-see for every sub-genre fan! Stylish, uncertain and excellent in all respects!
