I am really tempted to reward a "Scorpion Rope Case" with a solid 10 out of 10 ratings, but this would be largely because I think Italian horror cinema in the 1970s is much better than the cheese I usually watch. But even without the extra point for nostalgia, this is still a true mastervor and earning a high grade for his superb tangled story, the unusual atmosphere, the blood of the soaked kill sequence and the top choices. In my humble opinion, this is in fact the best giallo Sergio Martina, which must mean something like "Strange Vice of Mrs. Vardh", "All the Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and "Iour Vice is locked up" and I only have the key top-level genre achievements, but this movie is just a little better with its ultra-powerful plot that revolves around insurance fraud that got out of control. After the unusual death of her husband in an explosion of an airplane (!), Lisa Baumer immediately becomes a suspect owner of a million dollars and she wants to leave the country as soon as possible. The insurance company places its best investigator Peter Linch on the case and he follows it in Greece.There, Lisa becomes the target of many attacks and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that a few people are looking for money.I am always overly concerned when I briefly summarize gialli, because I do not want to risk placing the essential elements of the plot. In the "Scorpion Tail case," events take a sudden and completely unexpected turn before it's halfway, and I certainly do not want to destroy this. After that, many red herrings are followed, but Sergio Martino always keeps stepping in front of you and, although not 100% satisfied, the breakout is at least surprising. It is also a very stylish film, with imaginative work with camera and great music by Bruno Nicolaia. Favorite giallo muse Edvige Fenech failed to deal with this acting (she starred in no less than 3 other Martina Gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Woman's lizard in the skin of a woman", "Who saw her died?")) Is more than a decent substitute for her. Charismatic and boring George Hilton is as reliable as ever in the role of insurance investigator and ?? ghost ?? ladies' man part. If you are a fan of gialla, do not wait until I've been watching this movie !!!!
