Joan Cravford has just begun her "good-looking working girl" with a dynamic "Paid" (1930). She has never tried such a role before and the critics were impressed. While other actors wondered why their careers were fighting (because the characters who were "in" the thing a few years ago, but now become pastes), Joan listened to the public and secured her longevity as an actress. The depression was here and the babies of the jazz era who survived in the endless circle of the parties were frowned. Of course, if you enriched yourself with immoral means, but you suffered for it - that was fine. This movie begins with a spectacular fun on board. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Cravford) is the most popular girl there - especially when suggesting that everyone is going to swim in the underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, due to losses on the stock market, both Bonnie and her brother, Rodney (Villyam Bakevell), realize who their true friends are. After Boba Taunsenda (Lester Vail - Johnny McCain, the poor) offers to do the "right thing" and marry her - they just spent the night together when Boni declared (with abandoning) that she wanted love for approval - she began to show some character the decision to get hired. She finds a job in the newspaper and quickly impresses with her willingness to do well. Her working friend is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and they are getting together to write about the internal activities of the mafia. The native is also surprised by the news that he also has a job. She is delighted with him, but soon realizes that this is the smuggling of a boot and that she is mixed with a cold-blooded killer, Jake Luck (Clark Gable). He is a native witness of a mass shooting and goes to pieces, "shedding a bean" to the first person to see drinking in a bar - which is by chance Bert. Then he is forced to kill Bert, and then hides himself. Paper pulls out all the bouts in an attempt to find Bert's killer and send Bonnie to a secret job as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan is doing a very lively dancing at "Accordian Joe" - much for Silvie's disgust). The film ends with a gun battle and while Rodney dies, Bonnie calls in tears in her story. This is a super movie with Crawford and Gable who give it all. Natalie Moorehead, who, like Silvie, shared the famous "cigarette scene" with Gable early in the film, she was an elegant "other woman" who had fashion in the early thirties. Villiam Bakevell had a huge career (he began as a teenager in Douglas Fairbanks in the mid-20s). Many of his roles were poor, unchallenged. In this film, he played a poor brother and was completely overshadowed by Joan Cravford and dynamic novice Clark Gable - perhaps he never became a star. Highly recommended.
