Ahista Ahista is one small little diamond. I started looking at him, and at first I was a little bored because the pacing was slow, and the main idea of ​​a guy to meet a lost girl was not really new. But as the film continued, I started to gradually become more and more gradually engaged in film, fantastic writing and charming romanticism. The film was extremely simple and natural, and after a while, I felt that I was watching the real documentation of one type of life. There is one very good reason for the film to get that feeling, which is a fresh talent called Abhai Deol. He is extremely convincing as a simple, polite and fighting Ankush, whose new love motivates him to redeem himself and fight for a better life. Through the film he is presented as an ordinary, naughty joker, but as a person who helps and loves, and like everyone else, he will do everything to protect his love. Deol displays all the different nuances of his character, either positive or negative, natural and with ease. Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His presentation of people's lives in the village is great, but what is even more impressive is the presentation of Ankush's relations with the various people surrounding him, including his friends and his interest Megha who is ready to do anything for. I also loved the way Nair displayed his interaction with the loud and thick mother of his friend whom he called 'kala' (aunt). She likes to cough and annoy her at every opportunity, yet we see that she takes a special place in his heart and that he is like a mother figure, as can be seen in several scenes. Except for Abhay, other actors showed up well. Although Soha Ali Khan did not stand out for me, she was good and she had a mother's charm. The actors who played Ankush's friends were as good as the actress who played Ankush's "khalu". Besides performance, writing a movie was extraordinary. Dialogues were ordinary, yet brilliant, and the script was also fantastic. This is mainly due to the fact that, despite not such a new story, it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic, and there has been no attempt to make it look more than life. The greatest weakness of the film was the unruly music of Himesh Reshammi, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a wonderful clock and he came better with every scene. The concept may not be new, but the movie is able to look fresh and it gets increasingly hotter as the story goes. The end was bitter-sweet, somehow sad, but optimistic. In short, this movie really grows slowly on you, and this can easily be attributed to beautiful writing, moving moments, charming romance, realistic work and, of course, the unforgettable performance of Abhai Deola.
