The story is about Ankhush (Abhai Deol) - a professional marriage witness; he briefly serves as a couples witness at the marriage registration office - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan), who escaped from her home in Nainital to marry her for love interest Dhiraj (Shaian Munshi). The story starts when Megha waits in the marriage registration office to see Dhiraj appear, but for some reason she does not appear. So, Ankush is here on the picture, addressed to Magi with the intention of Rs. 200 for his work as a witness, and he eventually helps her to provide her with a refuge. Ankush is growing on his side working at the bank as an agent ... Ankush falls in love with Megah and she also falls in love with him (or love), and they marry, and Dhira returns to the picture. The unexpected circumstances are happening, we should say, the expected circumstances with unexpected reactions, and then .... In fact, the movie story is a bit different from the movies we see and I do not think it will be accepted by, but if you are a movie freak like me and you like to look at something different then your movie really will. The movie is just an innocent love story that Abhai Deola and Soha Ali Khan have created very well. The characters are so natural that you feel like things are happening with your neighbor. The background music of the film also plays a very good role, it's simply too good. The way Delhi is shown is very good and gives a fresh feeling. So we cut it and we sum it up. Story: A very common story that is being transmitted very well and turned into a wonderful experience. Music: Well, like Himesh Reshammiia's creation, so I did not expect much, but I still liked a few songs of the film including Kavvali. <Actress: Abhai Deol was the most impressive, very natural and innocent act, but should be kept away from singing in songs. Soha Ali Khan, she's a doll, a very cute doll I have to say. Again, a very innocent and natural actress and both actors fit perfectly into their characters. Apart from these two, Shaian Munshi needs some lessons from acting and can be several layers of fat to cover the bones. Other actors did their job well. Stars: I would give it 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the movie if you watch it at the theater, I would recommend you to watch it in the theater if you are a movie freak and accept unusual stories. Otherwise, wait until the DVD arrives. The film will certainly not be favored by the masses, and the job it can do is out of the mouth.
