This period of melodrama is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Characters trapped in a room are prevalent during his work and, as time passes, they will become increasingly skilled in showing their helplessness and engaging the audience in their terror. In the roughly called Sealed Room there is one big difference in relation to the normal line of the plot, in that there really is no way out. Griffith has achieved a claustrophobic effect here in two ways. The first is his use of space. While the typical Biograph short can use ten or more sets, the Sealed Room has only two adjacent rooms ?? the king's court and the pigeon, which becomes the same name of the tomb. Scenography in these short films is rarely referenced, but here it is crucial. The courtyard is a large interior, with a background that suggests a greater depth and shows us a window and a staircase. Actors enter and leave from various directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. By contrast, the last wall of the pigeon wall is very close to the camera, and the angles in it indicate a hexagonal or octagonal shape and make it even more closed. The other technique shown here is cross-cutting. Anyone who is interested in Griffith's work will probably know for his heavy use and development of cross-cutting to build up excitement or tension. Many will also know that strictly speaking it was not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's cross-sections so effective is the way he takes the opposite picture in order to complement each other. The closed room contains a good example of what I think. The record of masonry workers who move heavy bricks have a slow, step-by-step step toward them, with tension as the wall increases. This movement coincides with the images of lovers of blissfully unconscious, in which Marion Leonard separates flower petals one by one. As the couple perceive their difficulties, their panic panic was complemented by the opposite blow of a king who crazed his sword against the wall crazy. further introducing the third chain into a transverse cut. Dramatic "run-to-rescue", absent here, later became standard climactic Griffith paintings.
