Until 1909, D.V. Griffith directed films for Biograph about a year, and ?? Do you work at a rate of two or three weeks? he soon began to develop his skills as a director. 'Sealed Room' is a very interesting short 11 minutes, a fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama that even slowly descends into an area of ​​early horror. A simple story was probably inspired by a short story by Edgar Allen Poom of 1846, the Ammonite Cascade, and refers to a powerful king who imagines a tasteful sadistic form of vengeance to punish his wife's unbelief. Medieval times, the "Sealed Room" begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) who oversees the construction of a room without a pigeon window, and the idea is that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy the company of others. Obviously, she is very in love with her, always showing her affection, this newest act is the crowning achievement of his love. However, the king did not know that his wife fell in love with a royal musician (Henri B. Valthall). During a romantic connection within a specially built room, a wife and a singer are uncovering, and the king who breaks the heart imagines the way to get his retribution to the ignorant. He quietly orders his workers to seal the only entrance with a stone and mortar, slowly descending into madness as each new stone descends. D.V. Griffith always had an eye for acute details, and a 'sealed room' is an excellent early example of this. The magnificent costumes of the medieval age give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle seems authentic enough to be convincing. At that time, the director was also a pioneer in methods of creating uncertainty, and I have to admit that, while the movie progressed, I became focused on finding out what will happen to young lovers unhappy. In the early minutes, Griffith limited his footage to long shots from a stationary camera (as was usual at that time), but soon? parallel with the darker subject ?? Changes its tactics of editing in a fascinating way. Although he might not have invented the technique, Griffith was decisive in popularizing the use of "cross cutting"? that is, alternating between different events occurring at the same time. Not only does this create a sense of continuity, it also increases the level of uncertainty, as we, as the audience, are aware of not only the king's terrible acts, but also that the woman and the singer are unaware of Everything. Despite these innovations, the 'sealed room' suffers from many disadvantages characteristic of this era. The whole film takes place in only two rooms, with recorded footage with only three positions in total, so it is sometimes prone to become boring and monotonous. Actors performances are greatly exaggerated for an additional effect, however, at least in the case of Artur V. Johnson, his exaggeration actually contributed to the recognition of the escalation of the madness of the issued king. The moment I thought was especially effective when two lovers tried to get out of the room, just to find their only passage replaced by a solid rock wall. Their panic reactions, followed by the quiet maniacal kissing of the king, serve very well to create the impending feeling of claustrophobia. I thought, however, that their oxygen supply was suddenly quickly exhausted.
