Having not been very fortunate to sell his scripts to the new film industry in the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908, the playwright D.V. Griffith got a job that would give him a legend: he was hired by Biograph as a film director. It was not exactly what Griffith expected when he decided to enter the film business, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year he became the most successful biographical director thanks to his original approach to filming and wild inventive work. his narrative. Many years later, he directed "Birth of the Nation" in 1915, a film that would revolutionize film work and make it one of the first recognized authors in the film; however, much that would make him an excellent director can be found in many short films he made for Biograph in the first years of his career. The "sealed room" from 1909 is one of those, and also one of the rare horror films of the first decade of the 20th century. The "sealed room" was a story set in the 16th century in which the Count (Arthur V. Johnson) built a room without a window in his castle. It is a small but beautiful and very comfortable room, because it is intended to enjoy the love and the company of its wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the Count does not know that his wife is not faithful, because she is in love with Minster (Henri B. Valthall) at the Court, with whom she has an affair. As soon as the count begins to deal with his work, the Countess invites Minstrel and both lovers go to enjoy the new count room. When the Count returns, he discovers that she is gone and begins to doubt, finally revealing the two lovers in his room; but instead of making the scene, he prefers to remain hidden when he decides that there is a better sentence for his unfaithful wife: to seal a room without a window with a pair in. Written by Griffiths's regular associate Frank E. Voods, "The Sealed Room" takes the elements "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar Alan Poe and mainly "La Grande Breteche" Honorea De Balzac to create a gothic melodrama based on the theme of betrayal and sadism. Despite having 11 minutes, Voods's script develops the story in a very good way, and plays extremely well with elements of the horror of the story. While the melodrama is in the heart, Voods focuses on the character of the count, and his sadism creates one of the best characters of horror of these early times. "The Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Voods's handling of the dark and morbid themes of his work makes the story a very entertaining film that was different from most of Griffith's melodies. In the "Closed Room", Griffith uses his talents to experiment with tension and uncertainty in a different way than usual. While he often played montage to create thrillers that excited his audience, in this film his focus was to create despair and horror, playing with the inherent feeling of claustrophobia that the original stories had. It is interesting that the story begins as one of his melodies and slowly accelerates to accelerate until the horror of the theater begins to dominate the action, which culminates with its great use in the final scene design. Not to be a movie in which the tricks of the camera are essential, what matters most in "Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent to direct his actors, as the legendary director manages to get the best out of his actor with his usual natural style away from the Stance that was the norm in his time. As usual, the actors consisted of the common associates of Griffith, starting with Artur V. Johnson as Count. Johnson gives an excellent performance and truly transmits the transition of a character from a beloved husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not without a touch of exaggerated, but actually adds realism to the overwhelmed personality of the character. As a countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is very effective in her acting behavior, transmitting a natural charm that makes it hard for her to feel sympathy with her in her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henri B. Valthall appears as a handsome Minstrel, and although not one of his best performances, he succeeds in delivering a good acting work that also adds a beautiful comedy to the film. Although not of great importance for the plot, it is nice to see other members of Griffith's stock companies in the background, such as his wife Linda Arvidson and young Mari Pickford as a noble nobility. Although not exactly a masterpiece, the "sealed room" is a significant editing exercise to create uncertainty and tension such as Griffith's radio at that time. The film has a very good stage design, and Griffith's care for details makes him very convincing and perfectly works along with his director's style. Changing the focus on the horror makes it stand out among his films from that time, and Johnson's performance as a sadistic count makes him worthy of watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) "Birth of the Nation," the early short films he made before that really give a good idea of ​​the development of techniques and style that will make him legend. Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the rare horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
