Ekcellent P.O.V. adventure, adapted by Eric Villiams from his own book (a copy in the form of soft covers, which is part of my father's library), inspired by true events; it could be the first film of that kind and, therefore, there is much to answer for? not just similar stubborn examples such as ALBERT, RN. (1953, which I will now look at), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER IN THE INTERNET (1959), but the editions of a higher profile on the other side of the Atlantic, STALAG 17 (1953) and VELIKA ESKAPA (1963). That, therefore, sets the ground solid: British soldiers internist in the German camp are devising a genius escape plan, borrowing a page from the Greek legend? digging under an underwater horse used during physical exercise and in full view of their conquerors! In fact, the film is neatly divided into two halves: the first deals with the slow tunneling process that culminates in the escape itself, while the other stages show their wealth outside the camp as they attempt to reach Sweden's neutral. Typically for these British films, the actors presented several (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and upcoming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) stars not to mention countless trusted actors (Anthoni Davson), Brian Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Valter Gotelle). The three waters / refugees are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two are together, this other one goes his own way? just to encounter others to achieve security. As you can expect, narration involves a lot of uncertainty and excitement; like most men's P.O.V. and saga, the interest of women is kept at the lowest level. Director Lee did not have a long career? with this and somewhat similar (though with the change of setting and viewpoint) CITY AS ALICE (1956) its most significant achievements? but he certainly relieved every disturbing situation in this case (even if, as reported, the delay in the recording showed that Lee prematurely terminated his job, leaving producer Ian Dalrypleple with the task of linking free goals!). In any case, it is worth mentioning the extraordinary lighting (especially during the night sequences).
