This is a true story about how three British soldiers escaped from a German prisoner of war camp, Stalag Luft III, during World War II. This is the same camp for prisoners of war who was a scene of the Great Escape, resulting in the killing of 50 re-captured officers by the Gestapo (and later turned into a very successful film of the same name). While other prisoners of war in Stalag Luft III occupied the work on their three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick & Harry), two British prisoners in captivity came to the idea of ​​building a wooden horsemachus that could be shelled would be placed near a wire fence, shortening the distance that you would have to tunnel from this starting point to freedom. The idea to make their version of the Trojan horse came to them as they talked about 'classical' attempts to escape and observe some of the prisoners of war who play a jump-frog in the complex. Initially it contained one, and later two war prisoners hidden inside, a wooden horse could be carried out in a complex and set in almost the same place, near the fence, on a daily basis. While volunteers were overhanging the horses, fugitives were taken inside the horses that dug the tunnel beneath the horseshoe while they were near the wire, under the wire, and in the woods. The story also talks about the dangers faced by two of the three prisoners of war as they traveled through Germany and occupied Europe after they left the tunnel. All three prisoners of war who tried to escape, actually hit home runs (they successfully escaped to their base.). A wooden horse gives a very precise and genuine feeling of tension and events of the outbreak of war prisoners. The film was shot at real locations along the route that two military prisoners traveled on the run. Made with a much smaller budget than the Big Escape, the Wooden Horse is more realistic, if not more exciting than the Great Escape, and never fails to keep you from the edge of your seat by taking on the prisoners of war in order to escape. The story is sharp and the acting is true and is tense enough to keep the tension completely through the film. A wooden horse is based on a book of the same name of one of the fugitives, Eric Villiams, and is by far the best story about the escape of prisoners of war ever made in the film. Some of the actual prisoners of war were used in the film to re-appear as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. I'm giving this movie a deserved ten.
