SPOILERS Sek huh? It is one of the most basic parts of human life. Still, do we ever take it too seriously? People always want more, even those who get it on a daily basis, and if you're not happy, there are potential consequences that can change your life. Ironically, people argue that we all begin to have sex in the younger and younger age (despite the fact that the Vikings marry and have children in the early teens years), so that those who come to some point must be getting harder. In the first first screen of the big screen, Steve Carelle, he plays a man who has reached 40, without running it. By treating us with innumerable crazies and extreme sexual incidents, not to mention more curses than the episode "Eurotrash", the general complication of the film and its principle does not sound ridiculous. It is therefore a pleasant surprise that for all unsuitable, unsuccessful jokes, there is an incredibly large number of those who scored the score and left the audience in hysteria. Andi Stitzer (Carell) is a good guy good job and nice temperament. At the same time, however, he seriously takes life too seriously and after being called for a poker game as a needed fifth member, Andy's friends reveal his secret. At age 40, Andi is still virgin. Now, for a number of reasons, but mostly pity, three men (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen and Romani Malco) offer Andy advice with one goal in mind. To deliver him out of trouble and to lay it down. One of the few good things about the "Anchorman", it was just a matter of time before Steve Carell could get his own advantage. Impressively, in "The 40 Iear Old Virgin" did not disappoint. Showing a hopeless, shy virgin to perfection, Carell is a revelation because he gradually becomes more confident as the advice begins to help. Carell is not alone, however, in his performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco and Catherine Keener as a love interest are all excellent. Rudd is a personal favorite as a sick David who breaks up on several occasions and shares the best scene with Rogen while the two are arguing about homosexuality. The biggest surprise of this movie is not the way many jokes have hit the mark, but it's actually a smart way to move the message to your head. Apparently designed for conservative America, the whole tone of the film grows out of the simple story of sexual conquest in the one about safe sex and abstinence. The virgin does not need sex to make his life complete, only he needs self-confidence and true love. A decent message for preaching and a significant improvement in relation to the one you expect at the beginning of the film. It's strange to see a coarse comedy that is consistently funny and well-played, but low and see, "40-year-old Virgin" is exactly that. Throw a message with good sense and you're well on your way to top comedy. Amazing joy.
