As we all know, the sub-genre of sexual comedies is quite crowded. Only excessively rude is no longer enough. I've seen and heard so many disgusting jokes and actions that sexual comedy really has to have other positive points that I like these days. Coming to the 40-year-old Virgin, I knew basically what to expect; Still I saw commercials; "Is it true that if you do not use it, you lose it?" What I did not expect to find is a heart and a sincere attempt at character development. There are still weird "off-the-vall" characters that we see so much in Adam Sandler's films and still have enough unsuitable language to sink the Noah's Ark, but the film somehow has a valuable love story and even a message. The main character Andi is (unfortunately for me) the person with whom I can connect. In the first video I see that he even shares my love for the Mystery Science Theater 3000 (he has a poster for a movie on his wall), and during the entire film we can see his really neat antique collection. Andi also has a lot of video games and work knowledge of movies and technology. Andi does not want to buy a car because he loves his bike. Most important of all; Andi is a beautiful person, she does not swear and respects women so much that she is moving away. Combine all these factors and everyone begins to think he's a serial killer. It's like my life story. Other characters have funny little stories that follow their little overweight personality and they all work at a certain level, but not the way Andy does it. I felt that it somehow disturbed in some way, because Andi and his girlfriend Trish are really the only human characters in the whole movie. the other visible to the light. The story is smart, but too predictable and as far as romance is concerned; It's pretty simple. She has been dealing with Andy's relationship with Trish for a long time, and we all know what will happen at the end. It is certain that her final tour is a little different than we can expect, but you know what will happen at the end, and I assure you that it is. These are definitely small stains on the film, but there are so many good things here that I can ignore a few flaws. When I say "good", I mean "bad", of course. This is a sexual comedy and it wants to be bad. I generally think that it was possible. There are so many hilarious scenes such as Andy trying to get rid of an erection after refusing sex with Trish. Or the scene where Andi goes with her Trisha's daughter in the class of sexual education where she finishes asking more questions than anyone else. Ah, and we must not forget that the classic series of depilations in the chest will soon appear "Ooh! Como is Llama!" An interesting little note on this scene; actor Steve Carell is actually a wax his stomach and the pain he showed is real. Of course, they only took one of them, but it was still a very brave thing for him. In fact, since we are talking about Steve Carel, I would like to say that he has now grown. on my list of prominent comedians who are somehow weird because I did not even know who he was before he saw this movie. I was so impressed by his writing, acting and time that now I really want to watch his future roles. This man has talent. The 40-year-old Virgin proves this. To be honest, I had doubts about this film, but the early word was positive and I knew that I would eventually see it. I'm glad that I did it because it's probably one of the funniest movies I've been watching for a long time and it's doubled as something you consider worth watching. It's not just a series of sex gags, it's about a series of sex gestures intertwined with a very valuable character and a truly touching romantic. Now, excuse me while I'm vomiting it; I can not believe I just wrote ... </ br> My review of Frider Vaves: http: //fridervaves.com/index.php? Page = virgin
