The key to the 40-year-old Virgin is not only that Andi Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin, but a way that Steve Carell presents him as one of them. In the genre of crass "comedy" that has become typical of lack of humor and interesting characters, the 40-year-old Virgin offers a colorful git and an intelligent, honest script that does not use its protagonists as the last side of the cruel jokes. The fact that Andi is still a virgin for forty years is not so much a joke, in fact, like curiosity. Carell, the veteran of Ferrell's team in the leader and former band member, uses the concept of a movie to expand her character? We understand why Andy is as it is. These are the little things that make this film work. When Andy's associate in the electronics store asked him what he was doing for the weekend, Andy describes his unsuccessful cooking efforts. When Andy drives his bike to work, he signals his turn. He does not adorn his home with action figures? he pictures them and talks to them and reveals that some of the really old ones belonged to him since childhood. A smaller comedy would not even begin to focus on all these things. The plot is quite simple? Andy's colleagues find out from their colleagues that they have never had sex and they do it with a personal search to bring him to bed with his wife. It's a childish idea and the movie does not try to hide its underage. Andy's friends are a complement to his neurotic nature: David (Paul Rudd) broke up with his girlfriend two years ago, but Jai (Romani Malco) is a female female man, and Cal (Seth Rogen) is tattooed сексахолик. Their attempts to get Andy into the bag returns many times, and every time he leaves Anya feeling less and less optimistic. his worried friends who claim that mothers are not worth it, he falls in love with her. They start a relationship and agree to quit sex for twenty days ?? Trish was unaware that Andi was still a virgin. The 40-year-old Virgin was directed by Judd Apatov, the man who produced Anchorman and The Cable Gui, and started a short-lived cult TV show. Freaks and Geeks. Apat is known for its unique sense of humor, and for the script? Co-vindicated would Carell ?? offers a lot. However, in the end, the most interesting and (really surprising) aspect of the 40-year-old Virgin is his maturity. So far, you probably knew well that the film was criticized by critics, and even I was surprised by her warm reception. But after watching a movie, it's easy to understand why. We love Andy. We take care of him. Is not he just a cut-off sex-comedy cliché? He is a real, living person who breathes. His neurotic traits combine the best of Voody Allen with childish naivety. His friends are not accidental jerks and his romance is turbulent and bitter. Entertaining the audience. Although this is far from perfect film and definitely contains some rough allusion and sexual humor, it does not offend as much as other genres can have because we have the affection for people on the screen. The best sexy comedy is doing this way? from Riski Business to American Pie ?? and this is the main difference between something like the 40-year-old Virgin and 40 days and 40 nights.
