Only once in a while we get a R-rated comedy that gets all the time and attention. This is even more rare when critics like it. I just got back from The 40 Iear-Old Virgin and I can honestly say it was one of the biggest laughs in my life. I went to view 10:35 and every line was filled. Not only that, they all laughed at all the time. Two hours of uninterrupted laughter. I dare you to watch this movie and not laugh. The action is simple. The man is forty years old and he is a virgin. However, behind this simple joke of five seconds, we are given a deep, complex story that is not just one of the funniest you will ever see, but you have the right lessons. Steve Carell starring Andy Stitzer, The 40 Iear-Old Virgin. We know Steve Carelle, as, in my opinion, one of the best thieves of all time. The theft of hilarious scenes from Almighty Bruce and, in particular, Anchorman, Steve Carell went a long way, because finally and proudly given his moment to shine as a star. No one will forget his name when you testify to this perverse, funny, funny comedy. The beauty of the movie is that it is not 100% stupid. The great writing of Judd Apatov and Steve Carell is sincere and not just a hellish story. Behind the rudeness and vulgar nonstop motion of the film comes an important lesson to be learned. Although not presented in the best possible way, the film gives us more than pure time. Her attitude to the intestine will make you laugh all the time, while at the same time seeing real-life struggles like Andy and his colleagues. The end could not have been better. Not only does it deliver what has been promised to us, it also gives one of the most memorable finals that comedy has ever seen. It would be perfect if Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson somehow found them there, but you can not beat them all, now you can. Finally, I think Roger Ebert said it, Catherine Keener gives inexplicable perfect performance like Trish, the woman for whom Andy really had a heart. Not only does it give us laughter, it's also crazy to see how it sparked a great story. She was perfectly in the role, and she and Carell have excellent, not to mention hilarious chemistry on the screen. Canadian rating-wise, again, Ontario retreats with 14A, while British Columbia, Alberta, and Manitoba have all slaughtered a 40-year-old Virgin with 18A. The same thing happened with Four Brothers, in my opinion, the second best movie of the year, and I can honestly say that I love Ontario more and more for that. To all of your fellow teenagers there in the United States: Good luck! All in all, Steve Carell gives one of the funniest performances I have ever seen and almost everyone in cast casts an uninterrupted laugh. Everyone will love the 40-year-old Virgin this summer and I encourage everyone to see her as soon as possible. It's the best comedy of the year, hands down. She won the longest courtyard, The Vedding Crashers, and, of course, Apat's and Carell's last unforgettable comedy, Anchorman. I love that. Each of my favorite critics adore him and deserves a place on the IMDb Top 250 right away. Steve Carell is a big star. Watch one of the brightest summer days. My Rating: 9/10 Objective? 9/10 <br /> Subjective? 10/10 <br /> <br /> Eliason A.
