All right, here's the deal: if you are easily offended then you may want to stay away, far from this one. There are some painful funny moments in the movie, but I probably blushed as much as I laughed. In fact, I probably blushed more than I laughed. And if I did not literally redden out, then I blushed from within. If there is absolutely nothing in this film that confuses you then you simply do not have a shame. Whether it's a honorable badge or not, it's in the eyes of the observer. I will not deny that I laughed a little, but this is a movie that I simply can not give a recommendation. because of his case. If I said, "This movie is hilarious, go look at it!" and some sweet, little old church lady goes to the theater and has a heart attack during one of graphically explicit sexual situations, well, that's something I do not need on my conscience. So, how much is it rude? Hmm, try about 100 times worse than The Vedding Crashers. Sincerely. My mom would leave the first scene. I think it's my duty to warn you at what you can expect. Here there are some smart intelligent comedies, but this is what I expect from a man (Judd Apatov) who had a hand in both Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared. I am for the party of Michael McDonald; the only man whose hair and chin is white enough to give Kenny Rogers the opportunity for his money. Paul Rudd declares, "If I hear Ia Mo Be There, I'll once again fire this place down Ia Mo," he is ridiculous, but that's one of those things that most audiences will not appreciate. And when we see a quick 3-second flashback about Steve Carrell singing alongside Cameo's Ward Up, I laughed two minutes after the joke ended, while everyone laughed and forgot about it . > Surprisingly, despite the attack, the story has a wonderful morale. The film does not portray Carrell as some strange loser just because he is innocent. He is really portrayed as a nice, beautiful character. Of course, it's a little weird. After all, he has a framed poster from Asia, "more video games from an Asian kid" and a collection of toys containing BOSS for Million Dollar Man, but we never said we believed everything was fine with the fact that he was virgin. As strange as it may seem, there is a message "It's okay to wait." But, man, man, please be warned that this pushes your R rating as far as you can. . That was definitely Apat's intention. According to him, he only let some of the guys (especially Rogen and Malco) improvise and talk the way they normally talk, all in an attempt to find many new ways to be dirty. If you can deal with it or talk like that yourself, then you will like the movie. I am not a big fan of excessive cursing and sexual jokes. I find that subtle, clever humor is much more fun than about 200 uses of f-ward or fratboy sex discussion. But that's me. As I have said, there are some absolutely hysterical moments here, but you have to wonder if they are worth the passage through one of the most vulgar films that you will probably ever see in the theater. I just do not know how most women will be interested in what men are discussing while playing poker. Honestly, ladies, you may not want to know. If you've ever been curious why some girls think that men are rough, well, this gives you a good idea. So, my modest, honest reflection on what to expect. Be your guide. Definitely should not be seen with your weekly time, mom, grandmother, any family members of the opposite sex, children of any age, or anyone who is easily offended by excessive curses or an explicit discussion of sex. If you would see it with any of the above, then obviously you have no concept what it means to be unpleasant.
