Something about the 40-year-old Virgin and another comedy summer of the summer, Vedding Crashers, is similar, but these are two different films in some aspects. Both are romantic comedies that have this kind of over-the-top, crazy sensibility that teens and boys hold in their 20s together with the usual audience for watching movies. Both of them have some formula for stories. But until the end of the 40th anniversary of the Virgin, I think that I have found satisfaction from the 'Crashers' as a whole. Although it can be guessed where the story of the relationship with the character of Steve Carrell Andy and Catherine Keener, Trish's character, go into the story, it's not too basic that someone understands like Crasher, and the characters that lead and support are realistic, more rounded than the majority one-dimensional or inexplicable people in the other. And, perhaps, it can also depend on how much you've identified (or just found insanity) in both of them. The thing is that some people can enter the 40-year-old Virgin without knowing about Steve Carrell. like Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, while Carrell has built his cult status on The Daili Shovu (one of my favorite shows now) and in small, but unforgettable roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first acting role, but he is not treated as a third vehicle. He and the co-writer / director Judd Apatov treat Andy's character with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even as he speaks to his action figures as he pictures them again. It is also a tricky line for walking in the hands of leasing providers, which may be more or less fun than Lacklusters 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sex dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is a 40-year-old who is as a fine friend with still a small Pee-Vee Herman in him (opening over the loan of his apartment is a funny, good sign). Well, his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romani Mancoi, Seth Rogen, all very good comic strips) are trying to devise various strategies and tips to finally break the type of curse on Andy's head to smash his cherry, so to speak . He almost came up with an overly drunken woman, he almost fell in love with a strange girl, and almost with his boss (Jane Linch, also very funny in the mockumentary) as a (exploding) friend. But all of this quickly starts to fade as he enters into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works across his side. As they build on a relationship that is not based on sex at all, one could worry that the plot's plot "how he would say such a thing" could distract the comedy. It's not. In fact, if anything, Carrell and the actors build on him in a very high degree. Practically for an hour and a length of two hours of film, there was hardly a moment when I did not laugh, whether it was big or small. Large laughter, however, compensates not only for any complicated formalities, or one or two small stories (colleagues with colleagues also have their problems in connection, and Rudd is the funniest). A big laugh goes through Carrell's reactions, and people around him can either come back with their kind of humor / charm, or that it is with some truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes it so that there is a genuine spirit in their relationship (and, like 'Crashers', there is not much that makes no sense in terms of character). For someone like me who loves him when a comedian can laugh only in the way he looks on his face, Carrell gets very high points here. And like with Farrell's film, the more indecent or unheard-of scenes work with total absurdity; the scene of 'depilation' (which is made for real, by the way) and the type of Akuarius music number to the very end of the film (the way it appears at first glance is a total, hilarious surprise). But if you're willing not to offend it, there's more to where it came from. This is one of the most entertaining films of the year.
