In reviews, The 40 Iear-Old Virgin boasts a picture of another unheard of sex about 40-year-old Lonely Gui who suddenly feels the need to do the work just because she is not. Too bad past experiences have mitigated his enthusiasm to the extent that he completely avoided women. And then it happens unexpectedly: it falls in love. Moreover, there is a film about him, called "40-year-old Virgin". The Virgin of the title is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is 40, working as an employee in the electronics store, collecting antique action figures, which are displayed on the whole of his left flacon for everyone. It has a beautiful home cinema system and looks at "Survivor" with its two old neighbors. He is a pretty pictorial definition of Lonely Gui who needs to come out more and talk to more women. Now it's a real novelty with this image: it makes an impossible task to actually deal with its theme in a cute, mature fashion. This is a movie that could very easily be much different in the hands of a more transparent team of filmmakers. She could go into endless sexual jokes and jokes, but luckily this picture never slides down so low. He must have sex jokes both here and there, and even a couple of spies are directed at the gay community (which is by no means meant to be considered a gai-bashing), since two of the characters exchange insults with each other as they play a video game "Mortal Kombat: Deception", no less - the final test for the fight against testosterone). As a person who is approaching 20 fast, he collects action figures McFarlane Tois and never did. This film was fun and touching to me in a way that a film of similar topics could never be. I could have been more attached to Andy Stitzer's character than anybody else in the theater, because I was the only teenager present at this show; All the others looked like they were 40. A little arrogant, I know, but would you ("you") be still able to connect if you were the only present teenager in the afternoon presentation of the "40-year-old Virgin" "? Of course, Andi never had sex and wake up daily with" morning rush "(do not ask), and he is under pressure from his friends to try out strange methods of getting the opposite sex. first discovered, Andi is a virgin, at age 40, his three friends and colleagues from electronics store David (Paul Rudd), J ai (Romani Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) initially assume that gay because he was never with a woman who can not be further from the truth. The truth is that Andi loves women, but traumatized experiences (which were discovered one after the other in the flashback sequences) put it aside for ever. The mission is to lay Andy to help them, but you know that such a bloodbath will only end with a disaster, as one meeting with Nicki (Leslie Mann), who puts Andy through the worst driving experience in a drunken state that I do not think anyone would want to Eyes, and she has a pretty nasty encounter with Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a beautiful girl who works at a bookstore and eventually finds out she's a total sex offender. Things are fun for Andy when she meets Trish (Catherine Keener), a friendly woman who works in a shop across the street that sells things on the eBai for people. Hmmm. And with that nice collection of action figures, you can understand that in the end it is awaiting a big financial payment, that is, if he can ever "do the job." Finally, this is a sexual disorder we've been waiting for. She deals with the very real question that many Lonely Guys probably go through, not that everything is fine with innocence, but let's look at the big picture: How long does Lonely Guis want to be a lonely guy forever? The important thing we learned in this picture is that Loneli Gui must be him alone. I do not think it should go through the depilation of the body like Anda (which is accompanied by separation to be honest, and according to this website and various other news articles, it was actually real, as did the blood on Carellov's shirt afterwards. > "The 40 Iear-Old Virgin" was directed by Judd Apat's and she wrote Careella, which was created as a sketch played by Carell. Carell is sweet and human, because his character is not someone close to this things closed eyes. This is probably one of the most intelligent romp I've ever seen Eo is not offensive (much) because his characters are treated with dignity and respect. Even Career's friends, who give bad advice to conceal their uncertainties in relationships, can be linked to the basic level. to which the "40-year-old Virgin" is playing is really fun in the end, but I leave it to the viewer to watch. Certainly if anyone can go through what Andy does and still has the strength to attract a sexy woman like Catherine Keener, then it's true: It's never too late! 10/10
