I watched this movie three times. For the last time, I've constantly skipped puzzling scenes in order to find a resolution for the plot. It may not be a logical plot. Or maybe these rude points are in conspiracy, because Anne's remembrance of distant events is rather inaccurate. Take the young Ann Grant (Claire Today). Here is a young woman who attended an unnamed college with the descendants of a wealthy family. She must have had the help to afford this very expensive education, but she does not seem to have any family connections at all. It seems that there are never any relatives to contact when the consequences of one of its disastrous decisions come into force. Then, when Harris comforted Lila after the tragic death of her brother Buddy, Ann suddenly found him repulsive and hated by her own behavior. I must have missed something important here. Anne's behavior seems completely inexplicable. Ann leaves her relationship with Harris and finally marries one of the grooms at Lil's wedding. Despite Ann's rejection of Harris, she continues to hold a deep feeling towards him on a mortal bed. The scene that shows their accidental meetings years after Lil's wedding showed that Harris still feels deep feelings for En. The film showed the pattern for Anna's romantic relationship. She always had a drop with people and she refused them. This pattern was held by Harris and two husbands. On the contrary, Lila married a man she did not like and stayed with her husband until she died. Perhaps Lila managed to establish a relationship because she refused her marriage to collapse. Then, too, Lile Ross appeared in Ann's bed. Apparently Ann's sister managed to get enough information from Anna's last few lucid moments to identify and contact Lila. None of these communications appeared on the movie. I was constantly wondering about the house Ana lived in the last few days. How could she afford to buy such a scrappy house because of her singing career? Ann was always a step ahead of a financial disaster as she raised her two daughters. On the second level, I enjoyed the film and music immensely. The naval building was so cordial. Claire Today was great as a young Ann Grant. She is a really talented singer. Much more I love her natural brunette than the blue flacon she had in the film. If only those boring CGI fugitives had gone, I could raise the whole thing in my voice!
