The criticism of the film VEČER, based on the novel Susan Minot and adapted for the screen of Minot and Michael Cunningham, was sharp, so sharp that it may have discouraged many viewers from trying to film. Primary criticism focuses on the fact that in this film very little happens about a woman who dies because of a mistake she made one year in her youth, that very well-known actors have been assigned very small roles, that the entire production is overburdened, etc. For this viewer, watching a DVD movie in silence at home, a very different reaction took place. Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home next to the ocean and her medication and memories allow her to share the name of a man - 'Harris' - with two grown daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). While her daughters sit on her bed, Ann again experiences a special year when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - marriage and Ann (Claire Danes as young Ann) and Lil's alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Danci) objected to feeling Lila simply marries a man of his class, instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Vilson), the son of her housewife who became a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are woven together in a series of fallacies and romances that were secret until now, 50 years later, while Ann dies. Older Lila (Mary Streep) visits Ann at the end and the secrets reveal: 'There are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on'. The film is a delicate mood, and the Minot and Cunningham scenario is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in the story that could use more explanations, but in order to maintain the aura of nostalgia for the words of the dying ladies, such 'holes' are understandable. The film is decorated with the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (true daughter Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (Streep's real daughter), Meril Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Duns and Patrick Wilson, but also with ensemble short but very solid performances. The item is beautiful (the cinema of Đule Pados), and the music was achieved by an unrepeatable Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") directs, to judge this film on his own .... Gradi Harp
