If you can not enjoy the jerking, stop right away. If, however, you enjoy movies that illustrate complex characters and provide outstanding acting, read on. Ann Grant Lord dies. Her two daughters arrive to be with her. Ann begins to talk about people from her past who her daughters are unaware of, and wonder if those lost acquaintances are real or imagined. They realize that these people from their mother's past are really real. The story moves, basically, between 1953 and 2000 with several views on Anna's life in those years. It was 1953 when Ann met the love of her life and experienced the greatest tragedy of her life. One of Ana's two best colleagues, Lila, is married. Annina's second best friend is Lil's brother, Buddy. Lila and Buddy are children of the wealthy Nevport family, while Ann is a cabaret singer living in Greenwich Village and wants to be a free spirit, but is still bound by many 1950 conventions. Shortly afterwards Ann comes to be an honorable girl at Lilin's wedding, she meets a person who will become a key figure in the life of the three - Harris. He was an adult son of a former family servant who grew up with Lilo and Buddy and went to become a doctor in a small town in New England. Ann immediately becomes in love with Harris, which additionally complicates the fact that Lila was always in love with Harris and still remains. Buddy is also in love with Harris, but since he was in 1953, he redirected this homosexual desire for Harris to his good friend, Ann, because he can not admit to himself that he has sexual desire for another man. Buddi manifests his inner frustrations from outside by being an alcoholic, a wise boy in his family - which has greatly upset his very right and hardworking parents. Needless to say, all of these expressed and suppressed emotions lead to tragedy - after all this is a chicken. At the present time, Anne's daughters have departed from their mother and suffer from their life's cognitions and suspicions. Constanta works on emotional exhaustion in an effort to maintain her role as a perfect mother and woman. Nina, who has always felt inferior, can not maintain a relationship. Change all these relationships in fifty years, and you get an intriguing look at society, its values ​​and its impact on the personality and action of complex people. All the performance in the evening is great, but there are some extraordinary performances and scenes - along with two unique family ties - which make this film so very, very special. Claire Today plays Anne from the 1950s, and she does it in a style that clearly shows the intelligent woman of those times who is in conflict with what she should do versus what she wants to do. . Her performances are not forgotten. Vanessa Redgrave plays dying Anu whose mind moves from the present to the past, to fantasy flights, and of course, Redgrave removes it all with style. Natasha Richardson - the real daughter of Redgrave - plays Ann's daughter, Constance, in the movie. The scenes between this mother and the real-life daughter who play the fictional mother and daughter are an ingenious treat for watching. Tony Collette plays Anina's other daughter, Nina. Nina spends a lot of time being depressed and complaining about herself as she closes a good man who loves her and her mother and sister. Collette is perfect for this part, but I've never seen it give a bad or incredible performance no matter in what part it plays. Mamie Gummer plays Lila from the 1950s and shows us another woman her expected role in life from her good friend, Ann. It's very good. Meril Streep - Gummer's mother - plays today's Lilu. What can be said about Meril Streep, in addition to always giving a striking and successful performance. Director Lajos Koltai says in the DVD add-on that he had asked Glenn Close to play a relatively small part of Lil's mother because she felt that she was the only actress she could think of playing one scene in the movie. He certainly was right, and Close's performance in one scene carries it into your mind. All other scenes in which Close Lilina is a real mother, and you get another performance for the treasure. In the film there are three more scenes, in combination with the above described Close, which make the entire movie worth watching. On Lila's wedding day, Ann enters her room and enters the bed with her friend to discuss Lil's mistakes about her upcoming wedding to a man she obviously does not like. This scene repeats fifty years later when Lila comes in and goes to bed with her dying friend Anne to talk about the lives they lived. In this last scene, Streep and Redgrave are enchanting. Another unforgettable scene - at least to me - is when Buddy declares his love for Ann. Hugh Danzi as Buddi gives us a heartbreaking performance of a young man who is torn by his conflicting sexual feelings. Its performance is superior. Chick flick? Yes. A very special movie with incredible acting, direction and landscape? Definitely. I can not recommend the evening.
