So many beautiful actors in one movie serve as a practical call to the local film house so I have answered the right way. Here are some comments .. Vanessa Redgrave is great even while you lie in bed. It looks very old and I do not think this is accomplished with a lot of make-up that's a good thing for a movie, but a sad thing for us watching movies. I think her aging has become a bit sharper in recent years. Claire Today continues to welcome the movies and exudes warmth. The resemblance of Mamie Gummer with her mother Merly Streep, both in terms of physical appearance and the issue of acting style, is so astounding that I lost concentration on the movie a few minutes after her entry. She is surprisingly good; however, such a similarity has the danger of opposing her affection. I agree with the previous comment: Natasha Richardson has definitely done some plastic work. She certainly does not look like I remember her from the previous films ("Nell", for example.) And she and Tony Collette, unfortunately, do not create much impression because they do not look convincing as sisters. Their game is poor. Tony Collette is also too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meril Streep had to have more time on the screen. Streep's performance is actually more than a kamaje. Her scenes, on the other hand, have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides some welcome dry wit, especially in her second role as an imagined night-watcher to Redgrave's character. As for men; Hugh Danny significantly revives the film even though it produces a wider performance than necessary. In fact, as soon as she comes out of the story, she begins to pull. He is also responsible for the fact that he in the viewer manages to create the rightly needed feeling of boyfriend charm. On the other hand, Patrick Wilson is a complete void in the center of the film. He also has an accident that the script is inadequate in explaining why three people (one of them a man) are so affected by this man. The story about this should have been developed more. The camera is as good as expected. However, the main set for the summer house did not manage to convince me. It does not look natural at the top of this rocky hill, especially when the front is grass. It's a bit more like a carton. Overall, the film is a classic production, but seen-before-everything, a poster-before-everything-before it felt for me in most of its duration and therefore failed to exert such an impact on the one I expected of the seeker. Still, I managed to think about the passing of time, the expectations of life, and how much they were fulfilled or not. Worth trying at least on DVD if not on movies ...
