After seeing the trailer for Evening, you will probably first consider how the act is involved, (I mean, even Brady Horror's Brad, Barry Bostvick, to show the world that he's still playing), and the next second they just showed us the whole Movie. Although not entirely accurate, the movie is fairly well presented in the trailer, which is not necessarily a bad thing. This is the story of a dying woman who has been remembering time since ancient times when she met the love of her life, the one she escaped. Her daughters hear how she recalls people they never heard and stories about what happened when she and Harris killed Buddhi. No matter what happens, the film does not deal with those people and those who work, good or bad. It is a means of showing that there are no mistakes in life. What can be regret could in fact be one instance in your life that was supposed to happen in order to have a good time to follow. The story itself is well-told and very obviously adapted to the literature. . Our filmmakers decide to tell the story by fitting it between the present (Ann on the bedside), the dream (Ann hallucinating with the combination of the present and the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meets Harris at the wedding of her best friend). There are several cases in which the cuts are suddenly sudden, and the progress of the past is so good that your present things may seem a bit long and boring, but all in all, it works better than at first glance. It's not as if Anne's life is now uninteresting, it has less to do with the complication than with the morale that is being taught. Although I approve that parallels with the past help alleviate problems for Ann's children right now, I was still exaggerated at the wedding to take care of how much I should have. There are some nice moments, but, for example, the collision that awakens Ann from the dream that is later reflected, and the mysterious dreams that connect both worlds together. enchanting and fluid. These performances are completely preoccupied to the point where you are a little angry when our time period changes and we have to wait to find out what will happen again. No matter how boring I think Claire Danes is an angry / sad / paid person who exists in every role he plays, a girl is good at what she is doing. Lately, I'm getting more and more warmed up for her talents, and this just encourages that thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great in everything I saw in him. You must give him credit for choosing some really fantastic roles and never more than one movie a year. From Angels in America to last year's Little Children, the guy will explode soon, but we hope that he will remain faithful to the craft, not redeem it. Even Mamie Gummer is good as a younger version of her real mother, Meril Streep, (which is surprising in the film very little). She was still rough around the edges, but she was wonderful in expressing an emotional riot through which her character is going on her wedding day. The real discovery, however, is Hugh Danci. I feel that I have seen it in many things, but it actually looks only in King Arthur. Danes literally steals every scene in which he is and how his role of Buddia is devastated by love / alcohol / life engraved in his facial expressions. Without his performance, the flashback sequences could fall into a category that is a bit forgotten as the rest of the film and made the experience as a whole worse. Although it is not entirely original in the way that Evan's writers do not bring intelligence and skill to the table. You may be able to blame the length and amount of cut scenes to connect everything, but you can not claim that the acting is not worth staying round. Perhaps only a film version of the wedding could be something to see, however, when it is all compiled, there may be something that can come out of it, which could not have been achieved without all the other topics of the story. In any case, payment is worth driving for the most part and every plan of reality ends up with its subtle beauty and lives up to what was before it.
