When she was in a bedside bed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeated her name "Harris" and recalled the 50s when she was a singer-songwriter and traveled from New York to be the bride of her wealthy friend Lila Vittenborn (Mamie Gummer)). in Nevport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is welcomed by Lil's alcoholic and careless brother Buddy (Hugh Danci) at the Vittenborn cottage on the seashore and tells her sister is in love with her friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Vilson), who fought in the war and graduated It's medicine. Later, a young woman confesses her true feelings to Harris Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, she falls in love with him and they have a brief affair during one night as the tragedy unfolds with Badi. In the meantime, Anna's daughters, insecure and unstable Nina Mars (Tony Collette), and happy mother and mother Constanta Haverford (Natasha Richardson), are worried about their mother and must resolve the differences. "Evening" has one of the best female actors I've ever seen in a movie, with magnificent performances. The resemblance of the amazing Mamie Gummer with her mother, Meril Streep, is incredible and has a performance that respects her mother's name. Locations, costumes, scenery, cinema and soundtrack are also great. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I did not understand the message of this movie clearly. Why is motherhood so important in the story? Did Constance originate in the night flat Ann and Harris, and he would be her father? Why did Ann and Harris stay together, if the guy really loved her, as she admitted in their occasional encounter in New York? What questions did Ann Lord solve after visiting Lila Ross? Is Buddy Vittenborn bisexual or his love for Harris was brotherly love? Why did Nina Mars finally change her mind about motherhood? It seems that writers of the script or director have failed because they have not been able to make sense of fulfilling a beautiful love story. My voice is seven. Address (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
