Halfway through "Evening" Lajos Koltai, a woman on a bedside bed asks a figure that appeared in her hallucination: "Can you tell me where my life went?" The line could be embarrassingly theatrical, but the woman who pronounces it is Vanessa Redgrave, delivering it with complete simplicity, and asking your heart a concoction. More and more, the film based on the new suits of Susan Minot sentimentality and obedience, she retains attention, offers excellent performance and causes emotional involvement, as has several recent movies. Since only six months have passed this year, there are now two unforgettable, meaningful, valuable films in theaters, and the other, of course, that Sara Pollei is "far from her". Hollywood may have turned Evan into a recognizable celebrity vehicle with two pairs of real mothers and daughters - Vanessa Redgrave and Natasha Richardson, and Meril Streep and Mamie Gummer. Richardson is Redgrave's daughter in the movie (with her sister Tony Collette), and Gummer plays Streep's younger daughter, while the youthful incarnation of Redgrave Claire Danes. Add Glenn Close, Eileen Atkins, Hugh Danny, Patrick Wilson, and the great actor - yes, he could become a multi-star platform. Instead, Koltai - the brilliant Hungarian filmmaker "Mephisto" and the director of "Fateless" - created a subtle ensemble with the "Continental feeling," a story unfolding in the Nevport community, in the days leading up to a wedding that is full of problems. Missing connections, wrong choices, and obedient respect for social and family pressures are sapunic, but the quality of writing, the Colt's direction and the unselfish action of the "Evening" way above that level, in the rarified air of English, French (and several American ) family saga from the century before his modern environment. Complex relationships between mothers and daughters, between friends and lovers, with the addition of a heavy triangle, encounters a clear, understandable, astonishing. Individual melodies are embedded in the symphony. Still, with all the stated emphasis on the ensemble and unselfish performances, the stars of "Evenings" continue to shine, Redgrave, Richardson, Gummer (an exciting new discovery, unclear to her mother, but very different actress), Danes carry most of the load - until Streep appears in the last moments and, of course, steals the show. Danes and Wilson are also worth the price for admission. Like "Avai from Her," "Evening" stays with you for a long time, inviting re-thinking of her stories and characters, and re-experiencing the emotions she raises. In two hours, the movie takes a long time, but the way it stays with you is then welcomed among many movies that cool down much before your popcorn.
