Evening is a wonderful story about the mother's lack of love. The film was split in time, magically captured, stunningly behaving and having a touching script. Vanessa Redgrave starring Anne Grant Lord, a woman who comes out of life. Lying in her bed, remembering and mistakenly burning, she recalls her first mistakes. Claire Today plays Young Anne, gives a youthful vitality to a woman dying in bed. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to decipher the real story of discouraging dementia. Her first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Vilson); the man whom her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved deeply. Daughters must reconcile themselves with their mother's past and future. The actors shine in the evening. The collective energy of this film could have triggered the equipment for the production of this entire film. I'm so glad to see Claire Danes again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, full of joy, error, and broken first young Anne's fault. This is a real feat when you realize that she plays a woman who dies in bed. When her life is overwhelmed, you can feel her desire to shake her hopeless hope that she will not. Some of her facial expressions tickled me a bit, but over all of her performances she was so shiny, that it remained only as a side note. Tony Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress and you are not a great model. Play black sheep family; a little lost. Nina finds great strength in her mother's mistake. Collette deliciously avoids the creation of a cruel character who enjoys the mistakes of her mother, instead of choosing a wiser path of learning from mother's mistakes. Nina and her sister Constanta have a lot of conflict. Their struggles remind me of the ones I have constantly with my sister. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anna's young best friend, is wonderful. Her character is stuck between her heart and status in society. Even when she cries, and her heart breaks, she is incredibly royal and charming. I can not wait to see in the future how she behaves in something else. The performance of Vanessa Redgrave is very difficult to describe. Her talent to make her mental status ambiguous and not awake or even particularly tragic is why she is so powerful. The audience does not know if they make up the story because they retreat or they really do. Physically and emotionally, Redgrave works in a box. A little physical space and a limited emotional range could be the stunning of a smaller actress, but it limits work for her. I was always admired. The film is definitely focused on women, but men in the movie are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson fascinates like Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him. Buddy Vittenborn is Lil's brother, who is out of control. Hugh Danny spirally exits Buddi's control without sending his action. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous scene from Monster's Ball. It's terrible, and the jaw falls. I was totally stunned. An actor's disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While her fighting scenes were unforgettable, most of her acting directors melodrama. That would suit her to bathe before we had to breathe her stink. It's good she was not in charge of visuals. The visual effects of the movie are great. Photographer Giula Pados could not make a film richer in color, the light so perfectly matched with mood and emotions. Visual Flash concepts are powerful and resonate. There were many scenes that could have been stopped, printed, edited and sold as art. I admit, I cried. Evening is a powerful movie. The evening is definitely a hack of chickens, but a really great movie. If you want to impress a woman with a movie choice, choose Evening.
