I brought Evening in a movie with a friend. Evening is a piece of chicken without apologies for being so, but I can say with some relief that it's not so spicy with estrogens that it's painful for a red-haired man to watch. Except for one case at the very end of the film, I looked with interest and did not have to turn my eyes or turn my eyes in any self-inflicted melodrama. Ladies, for their part, will absolutely love this movie. One Lord is older, loaded with a bed and spent his last days on Earth as comfortable as possible in his home with two grown daughters on her side. An unfortunate memory of her past, Ann suddenly called out the name of a man her daughters had never heard before: Harris. While her two daughters are quietly thinking about the importance of the mother's strong need to recall and correct her unhappy affair with this mysterious man in all these times, Ann retires to the fateful day when she met Harry - thus, he lost youthful optimism for the future with by which we all inevitably move away. Ann and her two daughters - one married to children, one serial "committee of mind" - are struggling with the central question of whether true love really exists, and perhaps more importantly, if true love can withstand the test of time . Did we all one day fatefully realize that love never lasts forever? Do we all understand that solving the imperfect is the only real consequence? The subtle fact that old Ann is still a wrestler with the answer to these questions on a bedside bed is not lost to her two daughters. The camera for the evening is interesting - most of the films she spent in Annina remembered the past, and for this reason I think the film was shot as if everything was deliberately over-extinguished, giving everyone an ethereal glow (and doing so very obvious that this is not real, but it happened in the past). Claire Today is pretty (it seems to be really, really, although she's only 5 '5), and she's absolutely enchanting in a climatic scene where her singing talents are finally put to the test. You can not talk about the garbage on the acting team, which leads with Claire Today and does not let go from there: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meril Streep and Glenn Close meet other major and minor roles in the movie. I can not say anything negative about this film, although Hugh Dancy's struggle to make his character appear from complete one-dimensionality at the end of total loss. rude rich people who put the front of the great bragging, but secretly afraid that they would never agree with anything that probably does not offer much on the path of character research - he had his orders and kept them. At the end, gentlemen, your friend will surely cry, and although you probably will not feel almost affected, the evening will definitely not be waste for the time spent in watching the Evenings. Catch it in cinemas or grab it as a rental compensation for points when you want to watch you watching Die Hard 4 or the upcoming Rambo movie. It will be your little secret that this viewing does not cost you much.
