Since I began to read the book on which this film is based, I feel a mixed feeling about the recorded result. Before I read the book, I learned before the time to look at the film adaptation of the book, because I discovered that if I first read the book I was inevitably disappointed in the film. This would undoubtedly be true here, whereas in the case of Reconciliation, which is probably the best recorded adaptation of a book I have ever seen, it would probably not matter. I try to try. to figure out what's the cause, and I suppose I have to point my finger in Michael Cunningham. As much as I respect him for lessons (which I have not read it, but I've seen and I was thrilled) can not avoid the feeling that he is not so much a book adapted by Susan Minton as he took a few characters and basic premise, and write your own movie. It's not that I do not like the movie. I really love the film, which is why, since I began to read the novel, I feel anxious about everything. I feel unfaithful to Mrs. Minton for enjoying a film that has deviated so much from her work. Reading it, I can understand why it had such a fight to adjust it. Unlike what one reviewer said, it's not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; it's more like some books simply can not make a transition. Roman Mrs. Minton works on both a personal and intimate level with its central character, so that internally it seems to me impossible to put it into the physical realm. Although in many books there is a remembrance of actual events, it is a memory, and so fragmented and ethereal that, I think, it can not be recorded. I think Ms. Minton does the work of literature, but can not make a transition to a film, which in no way diminishes its value. <Br /> <br /> I still can sign up to have dinner, a movie, like I can not imagine Evening, a novel, in any way, not in a superficial way, because I'm only halfway, or the original would have to make a huge leap to It resembles the film that follows at this time. I guess I'm writing this because I feel that if you want to adjust the novel, adjust it, but do not do anything else that is not. I'm not sure whether Michael Cunningham did something completely original, but from what I see so far, the things he did were based on someone else's work. We would not have classes, if not Virginia Woolf wrote Mrs. Dallovai, and we had dinner, in its awkward shape to Susan Minton did not have much trouble doing what I probably should not even try. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton is left alone, because it is Evening, a movie, a satisfying and wonderful work. So my confusion is mixed up. feelings, feelings of disloyalty and the ultimate conclusion that in this case the novel can not be a movie, and vice versa, and further my gratitude to both writers, they did what they did, so we have both.
