The first "story" in the universal age of the Gundam universe represents a refreshing new look at the war between the country and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who would continue to play a key role in the conflict, but in the everyday civilian population and how war can be seen through their eyes. The story works for some Gundam clippers, and the assumption is that ZEON's attempts to capture the experimental Gundam, but the execution of complications that made this show interesting for watching. This series focuses on the experiences of a young man named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christine Mckenzie, who is a secret federal pilot and pilot novel by Zeone named Bernie Viseman. Alfred is developing a kind of "fraternal love" for Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot also falls on Christina. "War in the pocket" proves that you do not need a broad epic story about special persons to be made for a good war story. There are no pilots or big battles for the fleet. This short 6 episode of OVA focuses much more on an emotional drama of character on other subjects such as politics or philosophy and I love how realistic characters are shown. Alfred is a typical daily child who plays violent computer games and thinks the armed forces are cool. Then he was given an accelerated course in the terrible reality of the war. The unbelievable friendship and connection between Bernie and Kristina, each of whom does not know that soldiers are on different sides of the war, plays very really without exaggerating the issues of romantic drama. The same holds true for the affable relationship between Alfredo and Bernie. In view of this, I would not want to spoil most of the story here, but that makes a lot more heart shaken to watch the tragedies that take place while the show moves to its emotionally devastating ending. Despite the lack of action, this show never falls under the category of "boring". The characters are so appealing that they carry the whole show. Do not worry because there are a lot of action scenes of mobile suits that are scattered there and there. Each of them is beautifully animated at a level that surpasses the OVA and will surely satisfy the craving for some "compulsory" battleships of the Gundam series. Normally watching anime in Japanese or English, and will leave personal preferences. But in this case, I strongly recommend the English voice tape over the Japanese. Not only characters, all but Alfred Caucasian, sounded more convincing in English, but the performances of English voice are equal and even surpass Japanese, introducing every character of realistic emotions and intonations to sound only acting in some live action TV dramas. In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. What is happening is to transmit numerous heartwarming topics that are closest to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war with the eyes of the child. A real moving story that deserves more recognition than it is given.
