This is a complex film that explores the effects of fordistic and taylorist ways of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to the production of assembly tape, where workers are treated as teeth in the machine, supervised by executives using papers, controlling how many workers leave workers exposed, and releasing workers (Stanlei) who meet all the criteria (as his supervisor says, they are always on time, the workers are good, they work well), but who in the future can make a mistake. This system destroys families - Stanley must send his father to the nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley loses his job. Iris's daughter is just one teenage mother who leaves high school to work at the factory. It is pointed out that now, with declining wages, both partners have to work, which means that no one has stayed at home to take care of children. Iris's husband is dead from the disease, and with multiple references in the film about health care costs, the viewer must ask himself if he may have lived with a better and expensive nurse. Iris' son-in-law becomes offensive after another unsuccessful day at the office for the unemployed when his wife yells at him for buying beer with her savings instead of leaving her to lift her face and / or work the teeth (even a working class without roles) in conventional bourgeois imaginings about perfection and beauty in them). One reference to the race in the film is a worker of a black factory whose husband is in prison (it is assumed that both black and black are suffering disproportionately high closure rates). She notes that he, like her, "works" - her family is made up of prisoners and slaves. Stanley, however, still believes in human relations and hence for most films outside the Fordist capitalism system. He cares for his father, despite the fact that his job as his father's sales agent resulted in his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced human relationships to a purely instrumental contract, such as Iris's son-in-law (suggesting that he "got married") wrong sister). As Iris says, he does not agree with the routine of working and eating everyone else; he uses technology and techniques of industrial production in a crafty and creative way, in some sort of Bauhaus's ideal. It was the dream of early modernists and socialists from the 1920s (such as Bauhaus) - to use technology to secure all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and more complete human relationships. He is also beyond traditional gender relations. He cooks, cleans, takes care of his family, and knows how to iron. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditional male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and brings Stanley into a public empire traditionally forbidden to women. Teaching him to read and write, gives him access to the world of knowledge, also the traditional male sex. Literacy is used here as a metaphor for (traditionally male) public space and circulation systems (monetary, circular, cultural) that enables participation in the public sphere. Without this approach, Stanley is feminized - jobs that open him are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular circulations, unable to participate in the money (can not open a bank account), in the car (he can not get a driver's license, can not drive a bus), and in the social (he asks if he exists if he can not He writes his name. After he learned to read, he sees books about auto repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The Word of God is therefore relativized, set on the same value as the book. , the organized religion is only occasionally present - the Bible appears on the chest as a camera I find Stanley and Iris in sex, but it is recognized as a moral force - Iris, apparently a character dedicated to the life of "good" life, at the beginning of the film mentions that her rosary was among the items that were lost in the purse. When he is able to read, he enters the system and sets the managerial position with a health care plan, car and home, taking his place at the head of the family, the foster family. He is assumed to be an industrial designer who dreams of products that will require from others to withstand the hard product assembly of the assembly strip. This end, probably the only conventional Hollywood movie, is so inconsistent with everything that came before I even wondered if some studio executor was suddenly worried about the lack of a good ending. and its potential effect on the bottom line. Now that we, according to experts, have conveniently switched to postindustrial capitalism, the film also has a little nostalgic feeling, as if we need a historical distance to really analyze what happened in that period. However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to practice your brain. Do not pay attention to the end, and it's close to the perfect 10.
