My dog ​​recently died, and it was a movie I loved as a kid, so I had to see him in order to be cheerful. <br /> (Beware of a dog, I think Spoilers.) It's not just for children and it's far from ordinary. It was set up in New Orleans in 1939. First and foremost, the dog is not shown as an additional family member in this movie, but as an adult with his complicated life to deal with. Beginning, Charlie does not differ much from his dishonest and brutal business partner, Carface. He is guided by money, greedy, and he just avoided the death penalty, as he states at the beginning of this characteristic. The difference between Charlie and Karfas is that Charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others; Anne Marie and his assistant, Itchi. Carface will not even listen to the thick, ugly dog ​​with the big glasses closest to him. Carface is trying to kill a hero because she wants 100% of profits in their business and will not be satisfied with only 50% - a very unusual way for the German shepherd to mix. Likewise, if you eat a prehistoric alligator that ends up saving your life because you can sing, it's unlikely that you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon and that's why it's logical here. Carface's way of revenge is murder, while Charlie believes that the success of the best revenge, that is, financial success. After surviving death, he begins his job taking Carface's source of funding, a very talented girlfriend who has the ability to communicate with animals. They conquer a bunch of races, and Charlie tells her to give the money to the poor - a hint: Charlie and Itchi live in waste and are therefore poor. The money is used for its casino / bar / theater, not for the other "poor" ones. The reason Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is to have pity and listen carefully. She teaches Charlie the ethics pointing to her gambling, lying and stealing. Charlie is trying to buy up the dress. She also added the ethics she needed for the job, while Charlie did manage, and Itchi secured the construction. Charlie loses everything and only this girl is left. In the end, he had to choose between his life and his own. First grab a watch from his own preservation and set him up when the girl begins to sink. Both the girl and the clock sang, and he had to choose who, and he chose the girl. Much of this film that focuses on the ability of a person to learn good from the wrong over time and the ability of the child to cope with the natural occurrence of his pet's death is that he never shows anyone dying! The clock symbolizes his life, and the clock is shown as submerged and stopped. All deaths were suggestive, even for the bad guy. I have not cried this film until now, and I've got more from it, that I had to write it down and share it with you.
