All Dog's Go to Heaven is an animated film for children like no other. Gambling, drinking, death, pistols and hell are prominent in the plot, and even though children will get very little, adults will scratch their heads on why this film is made to feel like some type of gangster movie. The real movie is not explicit in any way, it's just an unusual combination for filming a children's movie. Charlie Barkin (Burt Reinolds) is a dog player who owns half a casino with his partner Carface (Vic Taiback). After drinking (Dog ... he got drunk ... in a children's movie. It sounds weird.), Carly deceived and killed Charlie. When in heaven, he finds a way to return to Earth, but will no longer be allowed in Heaven. He continues to return to Earth and meets his old friend Itchiem (Dom Deluise) and plans to return to Carfac. In the meantime, Carfak has a small girlfriend for orphaned Anne Marie who was kept in captivity for her incredible ability to talk to all kinds of animals, which helps in predicting race. Charlie and Itchi are released, and they try to help her find her family while learning a lot about herself. This film is one of a few non-Disneys that will appeal to both children and adults. Children will enjoy funny characters and lively animation, while adults will enjoy a nice, sweet plot, and more than normally developed characters. One thing that keeps it is that it's a musical. Normally, that's a good thing, but music is really terrible. They tend to jump around, almost sounding like libbing, with almost no instrumental support. In fact, these are probably the worst songs I've ever heard in an animated movie, but luckily, the rest of the movie is strong enough not to fall apart because of some bad notes. End of this film works, but I honestly hate it. It's sad, but happy, but more sad than happy, and it makes the movie feel like it needs a sequel. Given how bad a continuation was, I would like the ending to justify the continuation and end in a beautiful, super happy ending. This is one of the few films that I feel so far, but I know. All in all, this is a nice family movie, with unusual themes, but no matter what, good fun. My rating: *** out ****. 85 mins. G.
