I love all the dogs. Go to heaven though I'm a guy. This and the Earth before time are the best animated films Don Bluth made! In Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reinolds), his friend, Itchi (Dom DeLuise), pervading a pound of Neville Orleans in 1939, Charlie, who wants to share in a casino business with his partner Carface (Vic Taiback). Carface, who is unwilling to share equality with Charlie, is pushing the car to the bridge over Charlie who is killing him! Charlie enters the paradise and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) showing Charlie that his time has expired by showing him a watch that stopped and she explains that all dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides a stopwatch behind her back and shifts her back and returns to Earth alive with Annabelle screaming. Charlie reunites with Itchi and they are soon investigating to find out that Carface not only tried to kill Charlie, but also kidnapped a little orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface left Charlie and Itchi helped Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Itchi and Ann Marie are going to look for money! Ann Marie sees a couple she thinks will be her great parents! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie sneaked behind a man and steal his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchi then go to a horse race where they bet on men's money that a horse will win in a race! A horse they said will win and Charlie, Itchi and Ann Marie pay $ 1,000 to bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie to use the money for the poor, but will turn to buying new casinos and gambling and buying pizza for her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppy. Soon Ann Marie learned that Charlie stole a wallet from a man and used her money on a horse race and everything else! Charlie is sad because he has a dream of going to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and finds out that Ann Marie is gone! She went to return the wallet to a pair who forgave her wallet and called her for breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go with him and she pretends to be sick, but they are caught up with mice trying to feed them to King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon after Carface appeared and caught Ann Marie. She plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to bed and invites King Gator to eat Carface. Charlie's time has expired and he must die again. Pimples with the help of other dogs find a couple who took Ann Marie and made them come with them where Ann Marie is. They arrived in time to rescue Ann Marie, but they're too late to save Charlie who's done it! Charlie, who was rewarded for her heroic effort to rescue Ann Marie, is greeted back in paradise, but before joining, she welcomes Ann Marie who is adopted by the couple and asks to take care of Itchia for him. She says she tells Charlie that she loves him and to say hello! Charlie re-enters paradise when it says that all dogs go to paradise! Filled with beautiful animation, characters and story, Don Bluth has shown us again that he is a good animator! It's a shame that this movie was published the same year, Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, which was a year before I was born! I guess I'll have to call them the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
