First of all, 'St. Ives's film is just pretty loosely based on the history of Robert Lucy Stevenson's story, but this is not a criticism. The original novel was an emerging work, unfinished in the death of the author, and freely adjusting it and giving it an end, the filmmakers revived some sympathetic characters who, although different from Stevenson's original, were, I'm sure they were enchanted and entertained. It was in 1813: Captain Jackues de Keroual de Saint-Ives is a Breton aristocrat, impoverished by the guillotine of the revolution, which now serves as a husar in the Napoleonic army. We meet him coming out for the evening, arguing that a hussar who is not dead at 30 years old is a "wizard", he, at 34, is now "on borrowed time"! Certainly, as he faces a series of challenges in battles, our hero seems to be in danger, but the surreal joke at his colonel gives him a way out of the duel and into the bed of a beautiful kurtizana / singer. Unfortunately, this also results in a loss of commission ... Further unfortunate cases resulted in the British capturing and sending them to a prison camp in the Scottish mansion. While engaging toys and boxes, Jackues attracts attention to Flora, the young niece Miss Susan Gilchrist, a well-traveled woman of the world living in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the stories refer to the Flora that helps Jackues escape and finds out his emigrant grandfather, old Comt. Of course, there is a problem. Jackwell's elder brother, Alain, an outspoken alcoholic, is - perhaps understandable - far from pleasing when his grandfather takes his life away from the entire household, at the moment when Jackues appeared ... The challenge of betrayal! There is also a fun foundation of romance between the unpleasant, naif, but good heart of the great Farkuhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who traveled through most of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. Even with natural prejudice in favor of any film in which the heroine shares my last name, 'St. Ives' is magic! Combines great swing with swords, flight balloon, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who loves a movie that does not do anymore - Fairbanks, Colman, Flinn, & co. The acting is brilliant. Anna Friel makes Flora a lively and attractive heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is beautiful as Jackues, a truly lovely hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my big favorites, and they have great fun as Susan and Farkuhar, whose relationship takes place as a comical counterpoint to the one who leads. As Alan, Jason Isaacs has shown, as he recently did in 'The Patriot', he has a classic style of pigskin, except for a nice look! Please, will you throw someone like a * hero * in the genre? !!! My main questions about the movie are related to settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques prisoner is obviously Edinburgh, but a film filmed in Ireland, Germany and France, has a 'Highlandised' setting, making reservations of names such as Svanston, Inveresk and Kueensferri inconsistent. And the costumes are a real hotch-potch, from the 1780s to the period in which it was placed. While this would not be unbelievable, as more characters in the market would do "to do," it seems strange that ladies who are well-suited, such as heroines, wear dresses of the 1780s in 1813. It is clear that the costume decision was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually more appealing and stylish than Regency Fashion, and they work in the idealized world of film. On the whole, 'St. Ives is 90 minutes of pure pleasure.
