Time to hit! Vakt Dir - Vipul Amrutlal Shah Cast - Amitabh Bachchan, Akshai Kumar, Priianka Chopra, Shefali Shah, Rajpal Iadav and Boman Irani. Written by - Aatish Kapadia Rating- *** <br /> <br /> Eureka! We got it! Yes, ladies and gentlemen, in Vipul Shah's "Vaktu", we probably found this year's first bona fide hit. Completed with all the necessary ingredients of the commercial Bollivood tariff, 'Vakt' has everything it takes for the movie to click with the Indian audience. It's a movie that makes the distributor happy and is considering his next visit! In that 'saga of Indian emotions' then we have a happy family (right?) Of three. Ishvar (Amitabh Bachchan), a postman - who has become a millionaire (do not ask how! ... there is something about the sale of toys while delivering letters and all that? Seriously - who is damned!), Shameless) is Aditia's father (Akshai Kumar ). Ishwar must make a serious decision about his carefree attitude to the responsibility of life. His love for Aditya, however, results in his prolongation with a serious problem. However, when faced with a situation that will test his race against time, Ishwar has no alternative but to throw Aditius out of the house - hoping that the new problem will make him more savvy in his life. But this presumed solution is in itself a problem, because the split between the beloved father-son is increasing and the fences continue to grow. You do not have to be a rocket scientist to understand that such a story offers a wide range of possibilities for inserting comedy and drama. So, the pre-interval has an initially funny, later boring comedy Boman Irani and Rajpal Yadav; and the post-interval move for your scarves between Abi and Akki! The writer Aatish Kapadia (also wrote the original Gujarat play 'Aavjo Vhala Fari Malisha' on which the film is based) works well to preserve the narcotic fluid. Dialogue sometimes becomes inconsistent. This does not help the songs to appear as acne on the teenage face and stop the process. Apparently, a few numbers could have been destroyed. On the director's front, Vipul shows that he has a natural spirit to tell the story. 'Vakt', as well as his previous debut effort 'Aankhen', keeps you up to the last reel. On a personal note - a fan of emotion was a bit crazy for me. But, from the reaction of the audience, it worked on the handle. Finally, 'Vakt' is all about its performances that amount to one whole in the overall rating! Amitabh Bachchan is as reliable as ever. His energy is visible, like his year! Shefali deals with fine-tuned performance and corresponds to the superstar at every step. Boman and Rajpal bring a house with their histrionics. Priyanka has little to do but fulfill the superficial role of heroin. When all this comes down, 'Vakt' is Akshi's vehicle. I've always argued that Akki is as good as his role is. Put it in 'Mujhse Shaadi Karogi' and he is fantastic, but in 'Bevafaa' he is sadly bad. Here, Akki is probably the best. Whether it's comical time or emotional display, it's almost perfect. There's also an action scene for his fans! Ironically, his previous best venture was in 'Aankhen' - with the same director and Big B with him! 'Vakt' is by no means an unforgettable movie. This is not the one that will appear in the better films of our industry. But that's one for the masses. At a time when industry is desperately waiting for a universal hit, "Vakt" could do a trick! - Abhishek Bandekar Trivia - this is the second Akshai Kumar consecutive film after 'Bevafaa', in which he performs on stage during the climax! Estimation - *** * Bad ** Average *** Good *** * Veri Good ***** Excellent <br /> <br /> April 22, 2005
