VAKT is the perfect example of chicken soup not just for your soul. Bujon, unfortunately, lost his true taste due to his excessive dilution and decoration that he entered into his making. in the Hindi movie in his first venture, but who in his second exit lends itself to all stereotypical film formulas. While Vipul Shah was persuaded to show something incredible as blind men robbing a bank at AANKHEN, he just failed to provoke a life in the whole pack of VAKT based on something possible as a father-son relationship. Adopted at the guitar drama Aavjo Vhala Fari Malishu, VAKT has a reasonable story with a social message that needs to be supported. Mature view of father-son relationship, unconditional love of father to son, and the responsibility of a son towards his family. Ishvar Chand Sharavat (Amitabh Bachchan), who established his entire empire from the very beginning, leads a rich life with his wife, Shemali (Shefali Shah). Their only son, Aditia (Akshai Kumar), never had the need to fight for anything, because he got everything and fed him with a spoon in his life. Ishvaro's relaxation only ruined him even more. Aditia dreams of being transformed into a superstar, but does nothing to make his dreams come true. In the meantime, she is married to her lady Mitali (Priianka Chopra). Ishwar hopes that marriage will make Aditiu more responsible, but he is disappointed. Aditia is still at its best, it leads to a carefree life. The endurance threshold finally collapses when Ishvar releases Aditius from his home. An abrupt change in the attitude of his loyal father toward him and his now-expected wife confuses Adit. He has nothing left but to fight for the life of his wife and unborn child. It begins to turn into an independent man, but the relationship between him and his father grows. The story is simple, while the uncomplicated script has a very elementary approach. It can easily be identified and linked to credible characters and father and son. If you are not one of those two, at least you may have come across individuals like them somewhere in real life. Add Vipula Shaha Director for easy scripting. With this family affair, every other director in his place would add in a ton of melodrams in the proceedings after the cinematic laws of family drama from Bollivood, turning the film into a compulsive seeker. However, Shah stands out in the easy processing of emotions for most of the film. A clear example of his unpretentious direction is tangible in the pre-interval scene where a father casts his son out of his house in a fairly frivolous manner. The purpose of the scene is achieved without the impact of blows on the brain of the audience. The same is true for the scene in the second half, in which now the separated son of a father has a reasonable conversation. This is what distinguishes VAKT from KABHI KUSHI GHUM or EK RISHTAA and actually sets it to one level in terms of treatment. But after getting all the differences, one can wonder where VAKT still does not work. u? The problem lies in the fact that VAKT is different from others in its league in terms of treatment, but it is left to mistakes in terms of packaging. What about the director who forced himself to play the song in the first half of each moment? There is Johar somehow a shaadi song, Chopra some kind of Holi song, father's disco dandia song, a dream song, and a dream that comes out of dreams, causing enough reverence in the viewer. Imagine this ... the father just dropped his son out of his house and dreamed of a song in Moroccan mountains with his wife. No wonder! By reason! and the audience outside the seat. The film only pulls in the first half, and the real story begins in the second half. The director spent too much VAKT on unnecessary elements. Much talk about the order of dogs is not bad, but it has not been redeemed. However, Akshai Kumar's Taandaw Dance is simply funny. Imagine qualifying for hunting stars in a movie with this (inadvertently) hilarious histrionic. Add to that the climax set in the finale of hunting for the stars, where the son explodes with emotions. It's so archetypal! Likewise, the editing form could have been reversed to cover up his father's reason for changing his son. Anu Malik's music is fine, although unnecessary in the process. The video of Santosha Thundiiaiila is competent enough but not very demanding. Aatish Kapadia has come up with some good dialogues for dramatic moments. Boman Irani and Rajp Iadav make effects or light moments in the movie. While Rajpal Iadav has recently turned his comic histrionics into many films, this time he emphasizes his character and is completely restrained. His expressive expressions perfectly compliment Boman's top histrionics. Shofali Shah is convincing in the role of mothers. It must not be considered censorship, but it is impeccable in playing and "watching" its character. Priianka is beautiful and well performing her part. Of course, the main applause deserves Akshai Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. Akshai is particularly impressive in a scene where his father deliberately tortured him to be aware of his responsibilities. Although Bachchan goes a bit dramatically in several scenes, his glow shines through the film. In short, VAKT is like a soup whose ingredients are tasty and nutritional, but the final recipe is not. Not so attractive.
