Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alen Korno began to cut teeth in French cinema with a series of fine thrillers: "La Menace" (1977) and "Serie Noire" (1979). "Police Pithon 357" is a good example of how Corneau designed and recorded his work at this point in his career. They had great cinematography, painstaking scenarios and a sophisticated direction developed for efficiency. Police Supervisor Ferrot (Ives Montand) is a cop with unconventional methods that usually works alone. She met young wife Silvia Leopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and became her lover ignoring her having another lover: her superior Ganaia (Francois Perier). When he finds out, he kills her in an angry attack. Ferro must investigate the murder and all the traces are inexorably against him ... It could be considered that this kind of incredible story is not exempted from the problem and can sometimes be seen through but Corneau's stylish directing style helps to Doctor is a dull, gloomy atmosphere. The first part of the movie before the night of the murder may seem insurmountable, but it is crucial to what this crucial moment will follow. Corneau returns to sober treatment with rather scant moments and short appearances of secondary, smaller characters that the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the shortcomings, Corneau and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger wrote a sketchy story. Menard (Mathieu Carriere), who sometimes expresses his surprise as Ferrot has a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superiors know he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot must find strong tricks to blur the water and thus free itself. In the end, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferro himself. He is a policeman who somewhat loses his identity and is at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is found at the moment when it threw acid with the face so that witnesses do not recognize it when faced with them face to face. The background of this thriller, Orleans has been effectively enhanced. Corneau's camera, and helps this terrifying thriller trigger his dangerous charm.
