This drama is unlike Sex and the City, where women have several drinks and share their sexual relationships. It's much more personal and people can treat it. It's much more attractive and more emotional at a new level than other drama that focuses on women and their lives, such as "Sex and the City, Rose of the Jungle ..." Dr. Katie Roden, a psychologist with a dark secret, seems to be very depressed and guilty than the other 3 friends. She deals with the death of her former lover who was her patient while she was working on the progress of her son on her. Her dark clothes and an empty and cold house very well convey her emotions. Trudy Malloi, the widow is struggling with the "release" of her dead husband on September 11th. And when a handsome stranger, Richard shows interest in her, she is suddenly forced to do a check of reality by her friends who suggest that she return to work with women. Funny and uncomfortable scenes with the courting between Richard and Trudy are totally funny! It's interesting to note that Richard is wondering if he will get millions from the September 11 board for the death of her husband ... to see what his intentions are. Siobhan Dillon, a lawyer, has a lot of tactics for her husband's love that involves just "creating a baby" (because they have problems with the foundation) and she quickly falls on her colleague who offers her "services" a bit willingly and she Do not hesitate long! It's interesting to see if they will continue their affair or patch their spouse (played by Raza Jeffrei). Jessica, a real-estate businesswoman, is right on her own, as long as she does not organize a lesbian wedding and has an affair with one of them. Her character is portrayed as a courageous and provocative woman who, before her lesbian encounter, had sex with a "married man", her colleague. Let's see where her character works ... The beauty of this drama is to show us four completely different women with different scenarios, whose ambitions and inhibitions are shown. It's also a good thing that drama reveals the fact that sometimes friends lie to each other to be "safe"!
