Why is it called "Masters" is a riddle, because these are four women, three of which are not lovers? Except, wait. Ah, I see. It's a cute title and we all have the goods I suppose. The whole series? Delicious. Most characters are hellishly ruined to download metaphorical pieces. Great fun. It reminds me of the LVT miniseries from 1976, "The Barbed wire bouquet," where every character and their dad kept the machete. The husband is infertile. So there's no chance for a baby. But at work, there's Dominic, played by uber-sexy Adam Rainer, who looks so good that there is no surprise when he finds out a heavy lust. Dominik, it turns out, there are no problems with fertility. I expect that sperm does not work for him - probably everyone is carrying a small sword - and now Siobhan is inevitably pregnant that way. What Siobhan needs to do is to shut up well and firmly, and to go with - that's a miracle. What she actually does is tell her friends "I must tell my wife". No, you do not. Really not. Stop. Stop! Katie (Sarah Parish) was a mistress once because we found out she had an affair with a married man before the series started. Without prejudice, she is now busy with her son. The father died of cancer and Katie, who is a doctor, helped him on the road. So, it is euthanasia, she has jobs with two patients and sleeps with her father in the negligent ignorance of incestuous subtonas. This will not end well for Katie. Jessica is an experimental lesbian. She organizes events and she is busy in dealing with lesbian marriages while the series begins. She quickly turns into an eye-sharing with one of Alex's brides, played by Ana Torv, and the script rushes quickly to a lesbian with a big rookie. However, one can not come up with a good way for two women to join the bed so they make up a very lame "You will not have a chicken night?" I can not let you get out of it. I will organize one and the guests will be ... yes! " , which achieves the result, but not exactly Vinterson. I thought that script writers should make a living. Lazi. Torva's interpretation of her character is good. Alek treats Jessica as perhaps unsuccessful and Alec's speech of the body always points backwards as he moves forward. Once across the wall, happily happening in it, and not surprisingly, Shelley Conn is so impressive that a good percentage of the human race gets a chance. Bringing us to Trudy, who is a widow. Of course, there should be a common people in the community, but if you have a simple character, then you have to invent something that will admire them. It's completely possible to be a lump and an engagement. However, Little Trudy looks like one of those characters that Casting put in a prominent place in the media scene of the audience after the director said: "It's funny, not every character would be nice." More important, you can not find anything that would admire her. Nothing. She's a tail in a bowl of apples. Terribly, occasionally "sexy". I will not forget her look in a bright red corsage with socks drawn into her groin for a long time, and for all the wrong reasons. So, good, delinquent game all around. There is enough material for the second series here and I hope that they will do it. I believe he still teaches a lesson. The characters never take down underwear in bed! After spending the rest of their lives unbridled lusts, after that they still wore their braids, or held the sheets firmly wrapped around their nasty pieces. After a few episodes, there's still no nipple and you can look for a dick. What is this? Puritanism of the early 21st century? The production team, are you listening? Your characters will solve some of their mental problems if they leave, like Talk it. At least they will have more fun in fun scenes, poor things. In a series that dominates or is in the bedroom, or he wants to be in the bedroom, or just in the bedroom, it's a bit stupid, and a lot of glasses, that the characters are rich in their underwear. Overall: Overall. I wanted to record 6 (superb medium), but the series is a trick that is rare enough. When each episode ends, you always want more, and look forward to the next one with anticipation. So I scored 7.
