A few years ago, the Navy kept the distance from the production of "People of Honor", a film based on the experiences of the first struggle of the first black masters of the service to overcome contagious racism. Always eager to support films that show the best side of our navy, in the United States. Nimitz and two helicopter attackers, with accompanying coastal installations, were scheduled to complement this incredible story of a young sailor's fight with uncontrolled anger. Some of the films were filmed in the US market. Belleau Vood. Antwone Fisher wrote a screenplay for the debut of Denzel Washington, starring a psychiatrist who treats Fisher, who played Derek Luke effectively and deeply. Fisher is apparently a bright soldier assigned to the USS Belleau Vood (LHA-3), a first-line helicopter attack platform. Fisher does not seem to be avoided to launch his attacks with minimal provocations from his colleagues. Sent to the MD as part of a possible procedure before separation, Fisher slowly opens up to a black psychiatrist, revealing the terrible childhood of great neglect and trembling brutality. The story develops as Fisher cautiously, but more and more. trusts his doctor and gets the courage to deal with a love interest, an engaged sailor named Cheril, played by incredibly beautiful Joi Briant. Fisher is reluctant to deal with the doctor by asking lengthy questions, but he soon realizes that he must seek answers, regardless of pain, to grow and move away from destructive behavior in search of conflicts. While all of the main characters are black, this story goes beyond race while unmistakably showing the evil of lush religiosity and accompanying hypocrisy in the foster family environment. Viola Davis, a diverse actress seen in several recent films, is a picture of a dark immorality, but nothing compared to the foster parent, Ms. Tate (Novella Nelson), who would, in short, earn - if there had been - Oscar for brutality of the intestine. Films about the patient-therapist interaction monitor certain predictability (all that transmitted and counter-transmitted), but the seriousness of Fisher and his doctor / mentor realistically affected. That's a good story, well put. Period of time. While stationed in the Navy, "Antwone Fisher" is not in any way a story about services such as "Men of Honor", an excellent film dealing with the breaking of racism directed against the real person. Nor is it really a film about blacks. It's about surviving horrific childhood experiences and, as Fisher says, is able to proclaim in adulthood that the victim still stands. Proponents are decreasing in size and importance, because a brave and powerful young man claims to have the right to a decent life with the help of a caring doctor. My only problem is that the Washington lieutenant commander, but that he was addressed as commander. Since all naval supporters were listed in the end, someone should have told Washington's director that his character, like all naval officers under the rank of commander, was referred to as "Mister". It's not a big critique, is it? :) I do not know why this movie is playing in so few theaters. It deserves a wide distribution. Derek Luke can get an Oscar nomination. 8/10. <br /> <br />
