Knowing what to expect (in full) from the performances of Denzel Washington - quality, integrity, gravity, irony humor - will prepare you for what you can expect from his directing debut. Similar to Robert De Niro's Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher brings a moving dive of young men's lives and the effects of key figures in his life. Like in the Bronze Story, De Niro played one of these key figures for the protagonist (the character was born to play, but he is too old). Washington has a similar role in this as a paternal advisor in a titular face - the character seems to be supposed to play one Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if he had, we would first be deprived of a greatly measured and intelligently advanced performance that he gives as a naval advisor. However, more importantly, we could not see it super, we can only hope to make a star, from Derek Luke in the title role. Inevitably, the character appears as shaped in the form of Washington, regardless of the fact that you've got the impression that it's not just because Washington has directed it, not Luke trying to copy it, but that Luke is truly powerful and provokes an actor like Washington. For a long time, Washington had to receive an Academy Award that he deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, the Devil in a Blue Dress, and Hurricane, hopefully Luke does not have to wait long. Also, a large part of the casting was Joi Briant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheril. Whilst a part could be a forgotten support or a standard role for a 'girlfriend', Briant spills him with life. The tendentious and intelligent role goes beyond the stereotyping with Briant that inhabits it, and it makes a significant and interesting part. It does not hurt that Briant is the most attractive woman you will see on the celluloid this year - just a smile could defrost the coldest heart. The ability to act and look - why this woman is not everything done right now. She provides good support in the small role of Salli Richardson as wife of Washington Bert. Speaking more with silence or appearance than many Hollywood actresses can succeed in the whole film, she informs the audience about the whole story long before exposure arrives. As far as the directing of Washington is concerned, as I said, it is the equivalent of his acting. Taking a story about a man that few viewers have heard and made it truly interesting, it's hard to make Washington confident. The film did not hurry, nor is it noticeable, but it never feels slow or boring. Measured and tinted, balancing humor and drama perfectly. Antwone Fisher might not be tempted if you like big, explosive, impeccable Hollywood movies, but for those who value a finely-shaped piece of character, with great performance and evenly managed direction, this is for you.
