Unlike other commentators who commented on the ability of this film to overcome the race, on the contrary, I think this powerful film provides a complex and profound story that deals with institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful hand and critical eye, abandoning this cinematographic endeavor, or breaking up the female body, prolonging unwanted stereotypes, or satisfying the expectation of a white glance. I think this movie might be too happy at the end; however, it is deeply rooted in Afro-American culture and discourse to the extent that some white viewers can get the feeling of seeing the life of this African-American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men who have been in Fisher's situation or similar situations. The viewers can go to this film by expecting "Black film: what is the" black film "? Are stereotypes of macro, whores, drug dealers, single parents' homes and so on are a" black film "" I think Washington has been recognized as a director African Americans and other people in color deal with human problems such as abuse and displaced aggression, to mention only some of them. These problems are - historically and now - only received light and validity through "good ones." Vill Hunting "and other white films, it's high time they were granted the same recognition and validity as their white colleagues in the media and beyond. It's sad that in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait ten years before he gets an Oscar or anything else. Both will have to wait until they direct or act in a movie that maintains the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to win the Oscars. Denzel deserved the prizes for " Malcolm Ks, Hurricane and others before Oscar. That's not a care or pushing other big actors and color actors who have been deprived of their praise for genius work.However, Hollywood would rather send a message that racism and sexism and heterosexualism are acceptable by continuing these stereotypes and even rewarding them for appearing in countless films like which are "American Beauty", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", "American Pie" and even "Spark with the Wind". Derek Luke is a good actor and I want him the best. All the other actors and actors gave extraordinary performances, although I have a problem with Denzel's choice of another straight hair, light skin. In this regard, everyone should watch this movie. However, this may not be for everyone. Much Luv. 10/10
