This film, based on a true story, comes from the first director and longtime actor Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances in the last decade, as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory, and a lawyer in the praised Philadelphia. And of course, he was especially famous last year when he won Oscars for the best actor on the day of training, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to win the Best Actor Award. I guess Denzel wanted to change the pace, so he decided to send Antwone Fisher, in which he also starred. Fisher plays Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but has been featured on such television shows as King of Kueens, and appears in the upcoming Biker Boiz film. <br /> <br This is a really well-made movie by Denzel Washington, since it was his first directing. Without a doubt, Denzel felt some sort of devotion and believed in the real life story of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher talks about a young Afroamericana in a navy who is constantly entering the battle, and after a certain fight he was sent to see a navy shy named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Devenport helps Antwone deal with his troubled past and learns to continue with his life, finding his own mother who had to give her birth because she was in prison. What makes this film good is that it is not overly melodramatic. I expected something more like Good Vill Hunting, with lots of cursing, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I did not like Good Vill Hunting, or the swearing, the fight and vulgarity of the movie were not in place. Quite the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story and I do not think that Washington wanted to sensationalize the story of a dramatic impact in the film. Do not misunderstand me, there are moments when we see how Antwone fights, continues, and there are times when the world seems to be approaching him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer, 'under the rocks,' is an obvious blow to the pressure dropping on the soul of Antwone Fisher. But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensationalized due to the dramatic impact. I think that it shows the true character of Denzel Washington to deliver a more realistic story and to avoid the typical clichés that are common in Hollywood movies, even those based on true stories. Another thing I would like to mention about Antwon Fisher is acting. All in all, the performances were good in the film, but not great. Sometimes, I think it was a little obvious that the main characters were actors, but generally speaking, to complain about performances in this movie would be ridiculous. One actress I would like to point out in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but says she has only two sentences in the film, but not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but more because she found her long-lost son in shock, Antwone. What I would like to point out as an actress in her lack of use. She's basically an actress in the character, and I did not see her playing some truly elaborate roles. She performed in Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate & Leopold and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the remake of Solaris, Steven Soderberg, played a scientist at a convoluted space ship that circles the planet. In this film, she was confronted with George Clooney's character, and she retreated to what Cluni says to her in a particular scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing it decay on the scene and thinking, wow, this woman can act. It's like you could feel the grief of a character. In this short shot of her face, she gave so many expressions and I was sincerely sorry about the sadness and the problem of her character in the film. I think she has definite potential as an actress and should be used more often in leading roles, and not only as an actress with a character. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, pulls out an excellent performance and gives us a great directing debut. Also, Derek Luka is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his enormous critical glory to show the troubled man, but I think his popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boiza, who also plays Lavrence Fishburne. Antwone Fisher is based on the book "Finding a Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Kuenton Fisher. ***
