"And the time has come when the risk of staying firm in the bud is more painful than the risk that was needed to flourish," says Anais Nin Marcel Proust, "The true journey of discovery lies in not seeing new landscapes, but having new eyes." Author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world with new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding a Fish" written many years after the event, his story was dramatized in the film Antwone Fisher, the first directing effort by Denzel Washington. It is a sincere and somewhat formal view of the painful process of transition from past consumption to the ability to live in the present time. You need to attend a therapeutic session after a few outbursts of anguish on the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in the flashbacks while adults Antwone (Derek Luke) describes his life in sessions with the naval psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). At first he is not willing to speak, but when he starts, the dams are opened. After his father was killed by a girl, and Antwonea left his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering from humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment of his foster mother, Tate (Novella Nelson), who called him only "nigger" and his cousin Nadine (Iolonda Ross), is actually much worse than shown on the screen. The only friend she has is locally named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who later, in the film, only heightened her feelings of abandonment. It's difficult to make a movie about psychiatric sessions, but it has been done successfully in Ordinary People and Good Vill Hunting with a much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of the dominant performances of Vashington and Luke, although the film's attempt to squeeze eleven years in a few months seems a bit easy. Davenport's humanity and warmth, however, allow Fisher to feel safe enough to talk about his difficult past, and Cheril (Joi Briant), his new girlfriend who is also in the Navy, supports him in his fight to make progress. With Cheril's help and advice Dr. Davenport, Antwone, develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begins to try to find her mother to complete the past. What happens in the incredible performance of Derek Luke is Antwone's desire for acceptance, dramatized in the heartfelt dream at the beginning of a film in which he is an honorary guest at a banquet filled with people who love him. Comrade Mort Sahl once said "people just have to remember why we all are here: to find our way home ..." Antwone Fisher touches not only the longing of a young person to find his way home, but also reaches all those who are they cried to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
