Without watching the movie in the original theater edition, I was happily surprised when the DVD arrived, as this film did not have the wide distribution it deserved. Denzel Washington's director debut and finished product have nothing to envy for other films about the same topic from more directors. The film has a very professional look. This shows that Mr. Washington has learned a lot on the other side of the camera. He brings a different view of this film. One of the best things a movie has is, no doubt, a fine performance by Derek Luke. He is an actor who will, with the right guidance, go far, without a doubt. His understanding of the troubled young man, at this time of his life, in turmoil and suffering for his own bad life, has so far been dealt with, is very true. His Antwone is a fine portrait of a man in pain that is basically very good and has so much to give, but no one seems to see that side of his character. At the worst moment of his despair, Antwone was sent by Dr. Davenport, played by Mr. Washington, is in a very sober, though somewhat dull manner. Because of fear in Antwone, he misses the opportunity to open this man, who wants to help, but because of the restrictions placed in his office, only three sessions, and then he must dismiss his patient. Things are done, because Antwone can persuade a doctor to continue working with him. Antwone's past is being revealed in detail. The ill-treatment suffered by Mrs. Tate, his foster parent, is brutal, at a minimum. An attempt by an elderly woman in Tate's household of sexual abuse gives Antwone a bitter taste that stays with him during his adult life because he was bitten by the shame he carries with him. Antwone finally finds love with Cheril, who is patient enough to see him in a different world from the love she gives and support. Main performances are really good. Denzel Washington has his own problems. He's not even a happy camper. He can help Antwone, but he can not help himself, or his relationship with his admiring husband. Talent in film is incredible. Joi Briant makes a fine Cheril. Novella Nelson, who is a fine actress, is as great as Mrs. Tate, the abused foster mother. The reunion of Antwone with his unknown family is too sweet and sentimental, but of course, if it is believed that Fisher finally found happiness, that part of the film must be accepted.
