Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Time required: 97 minutes. Classified PG. It was an essential comedy of the decade. He won an Oscar award for Sir John Gielgood. He was even included in VH1's "I Love The 80s". It looks just as good today as it was at the beginning. Arthur is a laudable comedian classic about the drunken millionaire (he plays with the enthusiasm and humor of Dudley Moore in the Oscar-nominated performance), who must choose between a woman he loves and a life he has been accustomed to. While the primary shop is one big cliché, there is nothing fair about this related combination of smart dialogue and harsh farce. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing more than a pretentious jerk, but you can not help but love him. Especially when it delivers lines like: "Do not you want me to be? I know I am!" He is also the highlight of an archetypal film hero: unlike most of the rich characters we see on the silver screen, he does not feel as if he is dirty. In one scene, a man asks him: "How is it that you have all that money?" To which he replied, "It's great." Moore gives such charisma and charm to a character that would otherwise be despised by the audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as an arrogant servant, addressing his teacher extremely lenient, despite the fact that his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that do not try to be brilliant or extraordinary: it just comes naturally. The script - which also deserved a nod from the Academy - is saturated with authentic dialogue. This is a movie that, when combined with a crowd of friends in poker, you cite infinitely one another. She also looks at her characters with sincere empathy. There were several comedies that try to immerse themselves in a drama by including death or disease of the main star (including the promised elderly), but few can do it because I just do not care. When this film makes a dubious decision to drop the butler, it actually works because we really love these people. Why would you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a versatile pleasure. In a period when films are getting more and more serious, Arthur reminds us how it's going to be a cinema and a party. **** - Classic
