I remember I tried a few minutes of this film, I am very surprised that I did not see it all, from director Steve Gordon, his only film that directed before he died of a heart attack. Basically, Arthur Bach (Golden Globes winner and nominated for Oscar Dudley Moore) is a lucky drunken millionaire with everything he could wish for, castle, butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe, and BAFTA nominated Sir John Gielgud), and a lot of alcohol. He will inherit $ 750 million if married to daughter Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), a woman whom he and his family chose, Susan (Jill Eikenberri). Instead, Arthur falls in love with the coin waiter Linda Marolla (Golden Globe nominated for Lisa Minelli), who, of course, threatens the heritage, and the 3/4 fortune of his family from Father Barbara and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Artur, on the day of the wedding, does not respect family wishes, but Aunt Marta still gives Arthur the inheritance to live happily ever after, with the true love of Linda. Also starring Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlov as Ms. Nesbitt, Marcella Loveri as Harriet - Martha's Maid , John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langlei - Parti Guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a bit red as an almost-drunken millionaire, Minelli is as sweet as the woman she loves, and Gielgud naturally makes a great Oscar-winning seal as Moore's witty modest sarcastic servant. He won an Oscar for the best song for "Arthur's theme (the best you can do") (he also won the Golden Globe) (he was No. 79 for 100 years, 100 songs), and was nominated for Best Writing, script written directly for the screen nominated for BAFTA Anthony Askuith for film music for Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for best film - comedy / music. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 on the 50 greatest British actors, and the film was number 53 for 100 years, 100 laughs. Very good!
