Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons. My good friend who worked on the movie as an addition and to help with horses during a stable scene just passed away. If you look quickly, you can see Frank Graham during the restaurant scene in the background while Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are in conversation. Frank was a champion horseman and he would miss him all who knew him. Second, I actually knew the real life of Arthur Bach. He was not as rich as Arthur, but he spent 47 years of his life basically as a child. His parents tightly controlled his purses, but his apartment and utilities were paid in a cellar apartment in Greenwich Village. He spent a lot of time to be amused by various ghosts and made a public spectacle of himself, just like Dudley Moore. The wonder of Arthur is why someone would torture him with wealth no. But this is the other half of the equation. My friend was the most charming person when you met him. In fact, it was almost an obligation to be charming. He could not buy newspapers or magazines without trying to establish some level of relationship with the seller. He spent his life as a perfect guest. The term garbage, which was common in the 19th century, applies to him. And that's what Dudley Moore is talking about. Unlike my friend Moore, John Gielgud was cleaning after him. It's a full-time job, as seen in Arthur. My friend also never found Lisa Minnelli, male Lisa Minelli, because she was gay. Nevertheless, Muro's portrait of Arthur Bach is deadly precise and so real to me. Since he will not work for life, the threat of being cut off to him is quite real. He has only his Hobbons butler, played by John Gielgud and Bitterman choreographed by Ted Post to troubleshoot him. Everyone should have such trouble. John Gielgud in his nearly centuries of life must have worked better than Arthur in the movie, and in fact Gielgud is known for his stage performances. However, in 1981 Oscars was a year of feeling. The Academy gave Henry Fondi and Katharine Hepburn Oscar for On Golden Pond and Gielgud Award for Best Actress for Life. This man was incredible, still on his craft almost to the end. And so to Frank Graham who worked in the film and Jackie Weiss, the real real life of Arthur, I dedicate this review.
