In 1928, in many ways, "lost years" in movies. As some of the best silent films made in every genre, the sound came - while he made big profits at the box office - he set the art of making the film for five years while the film industry fought with new technology. "Shov People" is one of the great comedies of silent times. The film shows that Villiam Haines had comical skills beyond his usual formula of a disgusting, overly confident man who turns everyone against him, teaches his lesson, and then is bought out by winning a football game, polo games, etc. to illustrate that Marion Davies is not Susan Alekander Kane. She had excellent comic instincts and timing. This film begins as an adventure like Bevry Hillbillies Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old south. General Pepper decided that some lucky film director would hire his daughter as an actress. While in a commercial studio, the Peppers encountered Billy Boone (Villiam Haines), a comedian who was a slapstick. He gets Peggy's acting job. She is unlucky when she finds out that she is slapstick, but she persists. In the end, she was discovered by a large studio, and she and Billy calm down as she begins to take on drama roles. She will soon see a newly discovered glory, and she will lose her audience and win the royal title when she decides to marry her new lead man, whom she does not really love unless fate somehow intervenes. > One of the things that MGM often does in its late films from the 'silent' age and in the early movies of the age of sound is filming the MGM films around 1930. Charlie Chaplin is trying to get Peggi Autogram, a plethora of MGM players during that period, including the director of King Vidor, and even comedy Marion Davies, while Peggi saw Marion Davies as Marion Davies at work. Peggi grimasa and she does not care about her. Really exciting from start to finish, this is quiet, which is definitely worth your time. This is one of the films that I also recommend you to meet people with art of silent cinema because it is very affordable.
