This 1981 comedy is still great thanks to the efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in the early forties, died shortly after completing his only film. It is a particularly unfortunate loss because it shows a truly handsome hand in a farce that is oriented towards character and which makes the whole movie irresistible. She plays like a comedy in the 1930s style, rearranged for contemporary tastes. The action is directed at Arthur Bach, a drunken, diminished millionaire who is in danger of losing his $ 750 million inheritance if he does not marry a boring and boring Susan Johnson, a heir chosen by his father, an old man and a grandmother. Of course, he does not like and accidentally encounters Linda Marolla, a waitress from the working class (and, of course, an ambitious actress) after pilfers Bergdorf Goodman's tie for her father. Standard complications occur, but in the most beautiful way, with lots of alcohol stuffed with slapstick performed with classic Moore's eloquent. What makes him such a spoiled character that he is sympathetic is not merely for his comical talents, but also for Gielgood's lively, sour side as Hobson, Arthur's loyal, but real-reasoned staffing staff. It's a kind of role he could play in a dream, but Gielgood makes Hobson so a truly memorable figure that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection of sharpness in the process. Lisa Minnelli, in her filmmaking role, which is perhaps the most favorite, gives the picture to her male stars by renewing her usual personality and makes Linda quite true in motivation. LA Law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan right on the right passive-aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's Dad on" Seinfeld ") steals all of his scenes as Linda's stupid father Ralph. actress veteran Geraldine Fitzgerald, who exaggerates with the grand eccentricity of the grandmother, and I must admit that I still can not stand a very outdated song that inevitably won the Academy Award for the Best Song of that year. Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, which is certainly needed for remastering, valuable notes other than some photos afya and production notes.
