I saw Marion Davies in several films and I really could not understand her complaint. She could not dance for peanuts, she did not try to sing for her acting - she seemed in a trance. But I did not see her silent comedy and this film is wonderful. Instead of flirting her own image, as suggested here, it seems to me that the satire of Gloria Swanson, who embarked on comedies with slapstick, turned to highly emotional women's paintings and finally married a countess. Marion, a top imitator, also imitated rabbit imitation whenever she wanted to be seen as great, it was Gloria Swanson spot! Colonel Peper (Dell Henderson) drove all of Georgia to Hollivood, determined to prove that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) would be the biggest star ever. Their hopes are decreasing and they have fallen for the last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (Villiam Haines) who works at the studio slapstick and promises that Peggy will get a job. Peggy thinks she will be a great drama actress, but the studio thinks it's a fantastic comic. They convinced her to make a movie, and the search was a great success. Charlie Chaplin is looking for her autograph, but she does not recognize him and treats him pretty roughly. "Who was this little little boy" - when he finds out that he is out of control !!! Peggi and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggi is wanted and suddenly on the way. There's a funny scene where she sees a star she does not think much about - it's Marion Davies! Finally she gets a chance to be a drama actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene while the director tries everything to make her cry and when she succeeds, she can not stop !!! Her new leader, Andre (Paul Ralli), convinced her to forget her comedy in the past and become elite and sophisticated - even adopting a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When studio slapstick chooses the same location as "Patricia", Billy is thrilled to see, but completely unprepared for his snobbish attitude. When he calls him a cheap clown, she realizes that she is not a girl she once knew. After the studio lunch (a magnificent shot of some of the biggest stars of the day), "Patricia" gets a call from the boss. It seems that her films are unsuccessful and that no theater wants to reserve them - the public is tired of her manners and wants to get Peggy back. She and Andre decide to marry, she dreams of being a Countess (although Billy says Andre used Spaghetti in a small cafe in the city center and is no longer a Count than he is). On the day of her marriage, Billy visits and after a harsh battle with creamy puzzles he realizes Billy is her for her. It was incredible to see all guest stars - John Gilbert was seen walking through MGM Lev Cody talking to Elinor Glinn, who not only wrote "It," but also a few romantic romances made in MGM movies. Villiam Haines, the second actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially on the cafe scene, he had a wonderful comic moment. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as a comedy director - there were so many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion was on top of all of them - I'll give this movie 10 out of 10. Highly, highly recommended.
