On the day that Marion Davies had druthers and she did not just listen to Villain Randolph Hearst, she would do more Shov People movies and be much happier. In fact, when you see how she got her first big break in a comedy with two reels, she would have liked to do it in her career, rather than in the epics like "Knighthood Vas In Flover" and Janice Meredith. What you see with all the people in Shov People is real Davies, a talented comedian, wonderful mimics and generous good hearts. She really could identify with Peggy Pepper aka Patricia Prepoire, she suffered her part of acting in a Hollywood star. If the Shov People plot was placed in a legitimate phase you would call it a story behind the scenes. I suppose it's one of the first movie films you can call behind a camera story. Marion is an impatient young hope that comes to Hollivood like many others, asking for such a big break. She wants a drama, but her acquaintance with films is like a film for burlesque comics. She gets her part of the pie and seltzer into her face, but she teaches her store. And he also conquers the heart of a young actor, Villyama Hainesa. She really gets her first big break, but neither Haines nor Marion deals with the legitimate drama with actor Paul Rallie. , playing Andre Telfair, pretending to have no account in Avignon. Someone here recorded actor Lou Tellegen, lover and husband Sarah Bernhardt and Geraldine Farrar and others and hear for her, one of the most eminent people in the cinema. Shov People gave you those first movies that had the unrealized appearance of the stars as themselves. You'll see people like Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fernbanks, William S. Hart, Mae Murrai, John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman etc., Only in the film colony and around it. This in itself shows Shov People film worth saving. Shov People have well used the standard Tin Pan Allei songs like, Ain't Ve Got Fun, I'm sitting on top of the world, I'd be surprised, California, Here I Come. As the film appeared at the peak of the sound that was introduced, it introduced a song called Crossroads. This is not a bad number, but no recognition was given to the boy and the girl who sing in the soundtrack. I guess, since they did not see, no billing was considered necessary. Still, I would love to know and I'm sure you would do it if you are lucky enough to see show people. It's easy to understand why Marion Davies liked this movie so much and considered it as a personal favorite. She appears in the film at home and her lack of transformation in real life shines in its performance, which makes it a real delight for the audience.
