Let me first say that this show was top-notch when John Ritter was there. After his death, the show dropped a bit, but the producers did not give up on performance, adding James Garner and David Spade as regular members from 2003 to 2005. Shov centers around the Hennessy family, Paul (John Ritter, his wife Cate (Katei Sagal), their daughters Bridget (Kalei Cuoco), Kerry (Ami Davidson), and their son, Rory (Martin Spanjers). If Ritter was on the show, I would scream with laughter (and I'm proud to say it, but I did), but now that he's gone, I'll just laugh a bit with an occasional cordial laugh. I am very pleased that I fell to the trans of this film after Ritter's premature death, because this made the eps with Ritter much better. Ritter's character is so well acted and well rounded that you can not help but I love him. He always keeps girls entertained, but really wants to be happy. It's a top dad who hates the boy's fun. Katei Sagal is great and she is also a nice character. After Ritter's death, her character gives such a good influence and power not only to her children, but I believe that Sagal shaped the lives of Cuoco, Davidson and Spaniards, since she and Ritter had long been friends. The happiest person in the show should be Bridget Hennessy, played by Kalei Cuoco. She is the ultimate blonde: beautiful, slow, blurry, yet she is a smart person. She is out of the wall, hilarious with her innocent 'blue' humor and her imagination. Amy Davidson can get a little boring as Kerry, but this is the purpose of her character. The only fault of the show is that the show never gives Kerry anything that could be good. She always follows Bridget, and her character feels like he's been thrown there. Martin Spanjers as a lonely son Hennessy is hysterical, and when Ritter is on the show, he is mostly a strip material. After Ritter's death, the show brings some stories to Rory. David Spade and James Garner are nothing but a laugh, with a casual talk of C.J., Spade's character. Garner plays Kate's father, as little information. All in all, I give this review an excellent review, because it is a great performance that has had a tragic event that has enriched it. You will enjoy it. 9/10 --spi
