8 Simple rules for getting to know My daughter had a good start. Toply talented Tom Shadiac was involved in the project. This meant that the comedy would not be anything less spectacular, and that's exactly what happened: the play remains one of the freshest, funniest, deepest shows made for a very long time. Every line, facial expression, choosing choices, scenes, everything has become perfection. There was not one episode after which I thought: "A man who was not as good as the rest". Each of them was a standpoint. Again, this is the kind of perfectionism we expected of Tom. For those who do not know, Tom Shadiac is director Ace Ventura (first film), Nutti Professor (first) and Liar Liar. Full summary. He is not a producer here, but his magic touch is felt in every episode. The family consists of: Father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): nice, a little neurotic, can be pushing from time to time working as a sports writer. John, unfortunately, passed away in 2003, leaving a precious memory and almost certain ideas about canceling clothes. Mother: Cate (Sagittarius): Come on, who did not fall in love with Katea when she played Peg to marry her children? Al Bundy was our hero. The spectators gave us respect and love that we never had. But without Peg's nonchalant, parasitic, lazy lifestyle, Al would probably be just another Chicago father instead of the riot that Peg (life, in fact) provoked him. Katei was MILF at the time and is still: a brunette now (instead of a redhead) and just like always. Cate is a conservative mom and a woman she loves. I know it sounds bored, but comic, perfectly fit. The Ditzi Blonde Daughter: Bridget (played by Kalei Cuoco to perfection): almost never played such a good idiot. Apart from Gob on Arrested Development, Bridget could be the shoe for any prize given to this archetype. Bridget is shallow, centered on herself, not quite a light and a bit of a whore in her appearance. She plays the dumb blond better than any other IMO. Perfection. One of the highlights of the show. Pregnant Geek's Daughter: Kerry (Ami Davidson): Brunette and nerd, she does not get the love of life or circumstances. Feelings are overlooked, insufficiently valued and neglected most of the time. She is Bridget's younger sister (in reality she is older than her), and the extremely opposite personality and brain of these two people cause endless conflicts, to a great extent our fun. Son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): it was the second most entertaining character of IMO before Ritter's death, then John goes through, new characters come in, and Rory is not a wise-shooter of verbal problems that he's used to: it's mostly related to character of David Spade. These characters were at the time of John Ritter. Unfortunately, crazy ridiculous Larry Miller (one of my favorites) did not get a lot of screens. He played Paul's associate / competitor. After dissection of the aorta, Ritter had his life in 2003 (September 11), and the show was paused for some time. No one thought he could come back, but it was done later, with a few new additions. This started the second phase of the show, and the new characters were: Strict, Reliable School Principal: Ed (Adam Arkin): I saw Adama there and there on the shows. This was the first time I saw him doing anything. Impressed, it's the word I use. His performance was very impressive. They did not bring him sadly before. He also plays Cate's potential love interest after Paul passes. Gradual progress towards this point (which at first sounds crazy) creates many praise for creators. This was done slowly, carefully and exquisitely, with constant respect for Paul (Ritter). The attitude of the grandfather: Jim Egan (James Garner): an amazingly welcome addition to the series, was the top fodder food for the endless 'old' jokes, mostly ... 35-year-old Unemployed wise half-brother: CJ (he played crazy ridiculous heights of David Spade): I knew Spade was ridiculous, but I did not know this was really funny. Somehow, Spade's well-known presence is felt within his character (as opposed to detachable character), which is understandable, because he is comic and he is on comedy. This creepy feeling is like looking at someone borrowing a lot of material from David Spade's appearances in movies, talk shows and functions (prize-winning shows, etc.) and delivering superior mastery of Spade's voice and comedy, except IS Spade. By this I think you realize that he does not try to play someone else, or a whole new character: he's a stupid, funny Spade we've met, and he takes this pleasantly humorous formula into the absolute top. Every line he uttered, every sarcasm he got, all the classics, literally. Spade was CRAZY-ridiculous; So, SO is funny. Humor and drama performances increased after the show returned, but the audience thought: "John has gone, it will not be the same anymore." This is understandable, given that we are talking about a group of people (American viewers) who gave free rides "Yes, dear", but they caused Andi Richter to control the universe to be abolished in a short time. As the emission quality increased, its ratings were decreasing. Soon there was no more, unfortunately. I have saved the best for the last: lovers of marriage with children are looking for delicacy. And the boy, what a treat was. I'm still shaking only to remember. Surprise is so good that it would be crazy to ruin it, even if I do it legitimately under the pretext of "spoiler ...". Just say that it is something you will never forget. I know I will not :-)
