The Connecticut Shared Pool is the environment for this "under radar" movie that is charming, fun, entertaining and appealing. Although she won awards at major film festivals, "The Big Bad All" was not released by hordes of theater throughout America, but was distributed in DVD format and displayed in cinemas selectively. It is sad that "The Big Bad All" has never had the marketing sound of the Hollywood edition, given how Hollivood released this year, such as "I know who killed me". "The Big Bad All", a really good independent film, he had to swim upstream himself. However, in The Big Bad All, actress Paget Brevster is dear and convincing as Amy, a math teacher who is not only thrown by her husband, but is ready to lose her job, and in the end, a gamble on a new life. Actress TV Jeff Branson - HOT - a game of Noah, a serious, vulnerable swimming teacher going on a long journey to help his students overcome their fears, and finds out that he can learn from his students. Sexy, sexy Jess Veikler (did I just see her at the commercial bank?) Johanson, a future swimmer who works two jobs, one as a dance player, and another as a blackjack dealer, plays skillfully. Her character gives the catalyst changes in the ensemble, but is least understood by the characters, because of the lack of "story" or motivation for doing what she does. Jordan is young enough to continue to live at home with a ubiquitous, younger brother who was shooting a video camera and who is spying. However, her parents have not been shown to be involved in any way in her life, which seems strange. She does not have a drunk mother or a violent father here to explain why a normal, attractive girl from the suburbs of Connecticut would choose to be a self-healing dancer and humiliate for little boys. Despite this, "The Big Bad All" succeeds, to a large extent, because it is a happy, good movie. As you can expect, learning swimming is a metaphor of life. In the end, it's better to get on both legs, and to bathe, than to sit on deck, because your life is happening anyway. Big Bad All is a great date movie, a great movie movie in the home, a great movie "I did not see", and men like the same as women.
