I was pleased to show "The Big Bad All" at the 2006 London Nevsky Film Festival last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream films from last year. My guess was that "Big Bad All" was chosen for the show at this festival for the simple reason that it was recorded locally in East Connecticut. However, as loans began to roll, I could only think about how good The Big Bad All was compared to the ones shown during the festival. It is far from the top of my list, then Puffi Chair, Vho Kill The Electric Car and Transamerica. The "Big Bad All" is an interesting, true and often - humorous look at several adult education students and their cute, but troubled instructors who have the depth that I have not seen on the screen for a long time. Interweaving the character's development and drawing lines is derived from something that is absurd, like lessons for swimming adults, working in subtle and expensive ways that I found refreshing. The action does not shift over the head in the direction; rather builds and grows organic with the pace that was on the spot. I've never been bored. I never got stuck. I've never gotten out of the story on the screen. The film's humor is something like the "Napoleonic Dynamite" that encounters an "old school". The activities of a group of relatively unknown actors were credible and their dialogue never looked awkward or fictitious. Obviously, the shooting of the camera was not a multi-million-dollar recording, it was not inspirational and clear, but adequately and well-made for the budget. Lighting and shooting techniques for scenes taken at the strip club are especially attractive for a more realistic approach from a similar thematic scene found in "Closer". I also found footage of the underwater class from the belt below as if there were portraits of character as could be a shot from the shoulder. It must be over and over again in the independent film industry, but I have to say that if "Big Bad All" is not bought for some sort of distribution, I would be extremely disappointed. "Big Bad All" should be seen. If you have the opportunity to see this movie, SEE SEE! Frustration is impossible!
