Sunday July 16, 20:00 Castro, San Francisco <br /> "As a South Colonel, your makeup is very Indian" Marion Davies's direction over the years. She often guessed she had sent her glory and was not responsible. Considering the cat drama in which she was often a gurant, this critique seems to have some validity. However, as a comedian, her star shone brightly. Leaving to continue her career in light comedy and slapstick, Mabel Normand could stand up. One of her better trips was the Shov People of King Vidor (1928), who survived and is so famous for the fact that MGM filled him with stars. This lucky coincidence inadvertently saved what is certainly among the best works of the two stars, Davies and that infamous Joe College, the wise cracker, Villyama Haines. The rumors say Shov People was freely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, which began in comedy Sennett and grew into a great drama (and I do not think she spent the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Valshom and DeMille. Accidentally, the comedy studios used in this movie are original copies that Keystone left a year earlier (Think about who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) drives his daughter Peggi (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to play in movies. These two countries do not doubt in fodder food for the irreparable Billy Boone (Haines), a "cream pie master"? who descends on a table in their cafeteria in an unusually funny entrance (look at a bit with noodles), and then helps Peggy to take part in his next picture. What she thinks is that high drama turns out to be stupid, but work is a business, and Billy assures "... all the stars have to take it on the chin". At the check, Billy and Peggy come across ... Charlie Chaplin, who wants her autograph! She pushes a little aside and a horrified Billy catches the book and makes her a sign. Chaplin climbs in his car and Billy says Peggy, who is just relaxed, so natural, to fade away. It's very funny, since Davies's figure should not recognize this guy! Peggi soon moves to work at High Art Studios, changes his name to 'Patricia Pepoire' and leaves the poor Billy behind him. Davis makes a wonderful cup of a serious actress, with all the pre-requisite that flickers and trembles. Vidor casts a parade star who eats a lunch in a long shot (and everyone is seated side by side, facing the camera!) That includes Polly Moran (who is also sensational funny playing Davies's maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Tailor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, comedic duo Karl Dane (with hand in the belt) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal silver accessories), Leatrice Joi (entertained by Arthur's antics), Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rockue, Mae Murrai, John (in the cloak) Gilbert (also appearing riding through the MGM gateway Early in the picture), Norma (eeevv!) Talmadge (looks like a whore and rude as usual) and Patricia dressed like Marie Antoinette, in a sandwich between Douglas Fairbanks (like a fun trick) and Villiama S. Harta (protecting it from Doug). He was on the High Art crew on the site, when the comedy interfered with their recording, with predictable results. Vidor even puts himself in the final scene as director of Peggy's current production. It should also be noted that Harry Gribbon as a comedy director who carries a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Braci as a drama director who can not pay Peggi for his screen test and then can not stop it when he does, and Paul Ralli like Andre, her dramatic love interest and hilarious lie. When her character tries to "act" as if Davis is having fun in all the dreadful plays she was forced into, and she is brilliant in it. While it is true that Shov People hockey satire 10 years since 'good days' remains a very fun example of MGM's high-quality work, Irving Thalberg and their huge wealth of gathered talents. What damage is so lost. There are also too many examples of great films such as The Patsi (1928), Vidor and Davies, a highly successful comedy from earlier that year that lurk in vaults when they can see and enjoy.
