I had the opportunity to watch this movie twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed so much that I watched him the second time they had a projection on the bisexual. When I think of films that are shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be nervous and unusual, often with the feeling of a complex student project. There is nothing wrong with these types of projects, of course, and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see more mainstream access to an independent movie. Under "mainstream" I mean more as a movie produced for a national edition - in other words, a movie that you could see in a regular cinema. Writing, directing, cinema, casting and acting in this movie are completely pro. There is nothing typical about this film. As an ambitious director, I am always looking for films that will motivate me to stop stalling and be more powerful to move my career. This is one of those movies. As I watched Big Bad All, my level of motivation was incredible. I felt as though my adrenaline had fallen. The reason I felt this way was because I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing that long trip. When a movie makes me feel that way, I know it's really good. This is the first feature project of Ishai Setton and I found that I wanted it to be my project. It's rare for me. See this movie. It's beautifully shot and directed, and casting is great. Paget Brevster brings a very compelling and sympathetic performance. It has quality about it, charisma, which really attracts you and keeps you focused on it whenever it's on the screen. It makes you feel like you personally know yourself as a friend. It is a gift. I think the industry is really missing because it uses its acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Veikler also performed top-notch jobs. I can not say enough nice things about big swim. I am looking forward to the future projects of all those involved in its production.
