I was not a big fan of Star Trek for the past 2-3 years. Thanks to the emergence of Netflika and the distribution of video technology after 2000, I can embark on the past of all the great episodes of Star Trek. For those who do not really watch each episode and know them by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voiager, etc., the General Consensus will say - "I like the next generation" the best. This is because Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they first appeared after years of Star Trek starvation. But to be honest, I appreciate the creativity of Voiager's episodes more than TNGs. Voiager's episodes also progress over time, unlike LPG. The approved data from the LPG is excellent, but at the end of the old, but Voiager's doctor - now it's creativity! Instead of making artificial intelligence awkward and untidy, give him the freedom to express beyond anything you have imagined. Not only is Picardo an excellent actor, but a premise of the setting for his expansive, self-directed growth, as a doctor, self-realization is now a science fiction at its best! Endgame portrays him as a husband married to an "organic", inventing a neuro-implant transceiver for a human-machine interface, and even - in an episode before the end of the game, not listening to Captain's line and making "human" mistakes. Unlike the DS9 who are blessed with 2 beautiful women since the first episode, Voiager has to survive 3 seasons without Jeri Rian and I believe that Picardo was wearing with his personality. Of course, the rest of Voiager's chemistry is simply dropped, Harri Kim and Tom Paris - very natural. I love Tuvoc casual humor, although I'm a volcano. Finally, I'm so glad that the original captains were resolved - oh, if you look at the rare footage - thank God for Kate! In seven years she has developed into an extremely confident, convincing and respectable captain. How great job! Thanks to Star Trek for Voiager, I enjoy each episode, a creative exploration of the possibilities, morals and our Cosmic Spaceship.
