In the last few months I've been collecting Voiager Season 4 to 7 on a DVD (I only had 1 to 3 on the video before, because Kes is my favorite character) and I just came to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on television in the UK, but most of them were forgotten. Am I satisfied with the ending? I think I am. Of course I would love to see more about what happened to the characters when they came home, but that's the rest of our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to Nekt Gen's "All Good Things ??" Participation of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. The new romance begins in the final (Troy and Vorf in Nekt Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotai here), which results in death in the future. I really liked the "Endgame", fairly to all the characters, Neelik appears, although he had left the ship two episodes earlier. B'elanna gave birth to her daughter with his beloved wife Tom. Tuvok is ill, but returning home means he can be cured. Harry has always been most upset and determined, but he acknowledges that the trip is important. In the future, the doctor will respect everyone and eventually choose the name Joe! But, of course, the captain plays the biggest role, meeting his future person who wants to bring the crew back home to prevent the victims. The Borgs were involved because they played a major role in this period of Voiagera. Alice Krieg is once again starring Queen Borga fantastic, only her voice and acting method are magnificent. Although I am sorry, Susanna Thompson, the Queen of TV Borga has been replaced by the film Queen Borg. Maybe it was not available. Special effects are fantastic, Borg sub space hub and Borg Kueen are falling apart! It's very tense. Especially when they leave the Borg subway corridor and say their location is exactly where they thought they would be after they said they would have to go in the corridor leading back to the delta quadrant. And how wonderful the idea is to enter the Borg sphere for protection, on DVD specialties say that it was like a Trojan horse. Voiager could continue. If it was more popular, they would have remained with their original idea that the crew realized that the ship was their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said as his wife and child were there. And then they could get home in the movie! All in all, Voiager was a bit hit and missed. It seems that the sixth season was one good, and then one bad one. The two episodes set up in the Holographic Irish Village are terrible! My perception of the Seventh Nine is that she took over, everything revolves around her, which was not true. When it first appeared, Season 4 focused on it for too many episodes, but then offset it. And her character is sometimes genius, 20 years old as Borg's drone who gradually reveals his humanity. I like it, especially in "Somebody to Keep Me", "Imperfection" and "Human Error". When Naomi Wildman was initially scared, but often became her friend next to her, it was wonderful. Chakotai became my least favorite character. There was no chemistry with Janeway (will they / will not?) And you would never think that he was the first officer, he pushed aside most of the time. I loved seeing Thomas and B'elanne's relationship in flourishing. I've always loved Neelik very much. Tuvok was sometimes good, especially when he lost his logic, gained emotions and was friends with Neelik. Harry was sometimes boring, but on other occasions. The doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far the situation in the comedy he creates is coming ("Tinker, tenor, doctor, spy" is fantastic!). Janevai is my favorite captain of any series and you can say Kate Mulgrev really enjoys it. I would like to have more, I love Voiager!
