So every year there is at least one movie, which has no chance of being successful in the box office, because from the moment of production, even before they make a simple recording, everyone moves through this movie ... a long list of such films, and on Some of them are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their drawbacks, but they are pretty nice (Catvoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are a few that are really great for what they are, but no one Do not admit it! I mean, my God, just because a wide audience must have a sacrifice every year, can join them. Well, maybe these movies are not perfect, but come on, how many movies is it? Not every movie should have been the new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these films, but I bet there are more than anyone who recognizes them. Hudson Havk (1991), which is just a hysterical funny, Color of Night (1994), who may not be Oscar-worthy, but definitely not silly in all thrillers with some nice crafts, Svept Avai (2002), which I thought was excellent a mix of sick humor and a beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was a great party with some really unforgettable lines and did not really work badly from the former Bennifer Couple, and this year it's "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard rumors about continuing one of my favorite films, I was very skeptical, and although I really loved Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I finally saw this film. And indeed, I was very positively surprised! I can not understand why there is such a bad print and such a bad vote here. Never copy the original, have a pretty smart story, has tension, action, humor and absolutely stunning Sharon Stone who is re-examining the role of his life! At the age of 47, when filming the film looks warmer than many stars in her twenties, but this is more than she is beautiful, she brilliantly acted, with all her appearance, with her famous smile, the way she speaks and moves ... in the first frame you can not take your eyes off her. It's simply a pleasure to watch her like Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors give solid performances! So I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a dark, exciting, sexy and persistent look, strong performances, and you never felt bored! Perhaps the story is not the Oscar-caliber, but never even tried to be! It's a fun movie, and according to this standard it absolutely fills in my opinion! Try it!
