Finally, after years of waiting for a new movie to continue the sexual hunt for the "Basic Instinct", we have got an excellent sequel that is full of the right elements for a franchise like this one! I remember everything about original, money, romance, sex, testing, music (from the master Jerry Goldsmith), and everything else from violence and murder, to intense conflicts of all kinds! Without error, "Basic Instinct" was a true winner for the audience everywhere. I remember in 2001 when we first got news of such a continuation. Five years later, we got him. I would never think it would end like this. When proclaimed a failed project, time certainly could not say whether it was ever a real possibility. Well, I guess now we know that everything is possible in this case. Even if the original director, or the writer is not present, all we need is glamorous, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a finished job! Please listen to me ... When people say that this film is bad, I think it's just because of the fact that the style is extreme and a little obsolete. I use the word "dated" only because we have not seen a particular movie that has been altered for many years, and the audience has become adapted to the meaningless, boring narrative that can be seen in other films that actually make money, and the only reason they make large numbers are because these films are suitable for the family. Who needs holes and cleanliness? Of course it's a nice thing, but come on! Eskapism is very rare these days, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us the right fans what we expected. This film is not an Oscar winner, nor is it trying to be. It simply delivers fans what they expected. It's a movie for fun. Movies look too serious today, but this movie is just relaxed and fun, not getting serious, not too serious. I was told that I would evaluate the film. The film is a fast movie of the first second, when we see Catherine Tremell in the car, accelerating to 110 MPH - and enjoying the luscious excitement. Maybe sex and driving do not interfere, because our sexy novelist has bad moves and ... well, she goes unharmed, but her stella partner does not go well. Once again, Tremell is the main suspect in an accident and will be put under analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) automatically attracts her from the first moment when he is acquainted. Like another criminal investigator before him, he is seduced and seduced, slowly and surely. His denial of all this begins to fall apart around him, for she is only the magic that she has the power to do. Tramell may now be more dangerous than it was before, but as the first, we'll never know, right? Once seduction moves, there is jealousy, anger, drugs, and a plate of erotic scenes! This film does not recycle the first, but rather mentions previous incidents of films from time to time. . This is a good thing. This allows us, as an audience, to know that the script is written to increase the level by one or two degrees. Sharon Stone glittered us again, as if 14 years had not happened. Her second run of a fake writer is on the spot as before. Just avesome! David Morrissey is well-acting and well-ruled. The fact that the chosen unpopular star makes his performance even more enjoyable, because as an audience we have no background for it, exactly what we see how it performs. My last thought - 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So, this is not the first, nor can it reach the first place to win the prize. However, he can meet the standards set by the first film, and that's the people! That is.
