Me and my girlfriend, Annette, we watched this together and we'll both comment. Both of us really enjoyed watching it though it took a bit of freedom with Dick's work. Many of Dicken's works are a bit dark and dull (including Oliver Twist), but this film has changed everything. It was fun, colorful (both visual and musical), and the characters were more vivid. TRAVIS: Normally, I do not like much for music and dance films, but the melodies in this production were attractive and vibrant, and choreography was incredible. ANNETTE: That really tells a lot of Travis. I can not emphasize enough how many really were good dance numbers. You can say, for example, that these boys really worked hard to get routines to perfection. TRAVIS: Three actors have really separated from the IMO; Nancy (Shani V.), Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed) and Artful Dodger (Jack Vild). Man, that Oliver Reed can really do a good villain. That scene in which you see his eyes through the mailbox, gave me a fever on my back ... BEAUTIFUL. And that kid, Jack Wilder, was the perfect Artful Dodger. And Nancy was fantastic (man, I felt bad when she was killed). She can sing too! Honoring the casting department in their elections there. I hated Oliver Twist boy. He was too cowardly and weak for my taste. (I always wanted Bill Sikes to throw him into the mud during the hunting scene.) And they should not have singed him. ANNETTE: The acting was really wonderful. In addition to the three stars Travis mentioned, I felt that Ron Moody (Fagin) had done a tremendous job. He was so ridiculous, and at the same time malicious. The actors they supported were great. Harri Secombe played his role as Mr. Bumblebee is extremely good. And he has a wonderful voice. I saw Mr. Secombe perform in another film called "Davi", where he played a opera singer with satisfying results. Talented Harri Secombe should have been in many more films. TRAVIS: As I mentioned earlier, the story is not quite true to the book, but the IMO was stronger. This film was neither boring, as some musicals seem to be. And the continuity kept you moving along with the characters. Ringtones did not take the action or slept you because they are too long. ANNETTE: Every musical film that Travis looks at must be a complete phenomenon. And this is a really rare discovery. It's very easy to watch productions that broadcast the theater smoothly and comfortably to the end. On the day when the films looked like effects in combination with beautiful faces, this was a refreshing interlude. Our combined grade for this was 8.5 out of 10. TRAVIS: This I evaluated mostly because the kid, Oliver Twist (Mark L.), irritated me, and his songs tortured my hypersensitive ears. Otherwise, it was an extraordinary film. ANNETTE: My rating is 10. Movies do not become much better than this. And you can say that everyone involved in this production really worked hard to do what was ... a masterpiece. musicals. It's really a rare treat.
