Visecracker, the biography of actor Villyama Haines, offers a satisfactory anecdote of the former star when he was 70 years old and for a long time withdrew from filming. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his films, but in 1972 he was convinced to attend the screening of the Los Angeles SHOW PEOPLE Museum, a late-nightly play in which he starred with Marion Davies. Haines was previously concerned that this comedy would cause the wrong kind of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised (and without a doubt being released) how well he sustained it and how young the audience was pleased. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOV PEOPLE is a wonderful Hollywood satire that retains its charm, because it resembles its goals with spirit and anger, but without malice. It's still funny, and its satirical points continue to respond. Needless to say, the technology of filmmaking has changed significantly since quiet days, but the pretensions and craziness of the filmmakers themselves have not changed so much. SHOV PEOPLE also stands as the best. the survival of Marion Davies, a top comedian who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedians. Where her career was concerned, Davis was blessed and cursed by the patron of her lover, newspaper magnate Villiam Randolph Hearst. It is known that Hearst had a tremendous influence on Davies' choice of roles, and is well known that, despite her comedy comedy, she preferred to see her as dignity heroines in drama dramas. By the late twenties, for whatever reason, Marion was granted permission to show her things in several gorgeous light comedies (including THE RED MILL and PATSI), but SHOV PEOPLE, under the direction of King King Vidor, stands as her most amusing showcase. Villiam Haines gives an interesting, cute performance like her boyfriend and co-actor Billy Boone, but this is the leading female performance all the way to the end. Marion plays southern white Peggy Pepper, an ambitious actress who sues Hollywood with her father, determined to become a movie star. (Her father, Colonel Pepper, starring actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's Biographical Drama that reminds us of Hearst!) One of the happiest parts of Marion, often taken out somewhere else, is her audition at Comet Studio. . While Dad makes good suggestions of emotions to show ("Sadness ... Joy!") And put the handkerchief over his face, Peggy takes on the appropriate expression and posture. She is only working to discover that comets make comedies of a low order, a kind of comedy in which people spit on each other with a seltzer and incompetent policemen who cross over to each other in a rescue race. Of course, the Comet is conceived as an excitement of Mist Sennett's Keistone, but the real nature of satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. As Peggy Pepper rises in the movie star's hierarchy, she leaves Comet for the prestigious High Art Studio, assuming the name "Patricia Peppoire" as she suits her new station in her life as a serious actress. At some point it can happen to us (as it certainly did to viewers in 1928) that Davis rivals Gloria Swanson began in Keystone comedies before he climbed to a prominent position in serious drama for Cecil B. DeMille. And while Miss Peppoire is taking on more and more seriousness, giving a harsh hat to former colleagues like the humiliated Billy Boone comic, Davies's performance takes on an element of evil parody, apparently directed at Swanson himself. This is especially noticeable during the interview interview, when Ms. Peppoire's spokeswoman pronounced pretentious nonsense while the star gave the spot to Svanson's styling. I suppose this is conceived as a friendly joke, but I have to wonder how friendly the relationship was between Gloria and Marion after the release of this film. In any case, SHOV PEOPLE is a delicious treat for lovers who will enjoy parada star stars. Charlie Chaplin gives a good stamp, without makeup and looks very impressive, eagerly looking for an autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And in the performance of good sporting behavior, Marion Davies puts herself on the self-mocking Kamey appearance, she entertained Swanson in the evening by having fun on her own.) This is a silent film that viewers are not particularly accustomed to silence. at least those who watch films about film business. SHOV PEOPLE certainly belongs to the society of such classics as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most experienced Hollywood, fun exercises in a fun self-glance.
