As a child I always hated compulsion to sit through musicals. I never understood why people would break through, and I was too young to appreciate art (choreography, set design, costumes, pace) behind everything. Carol Reed is "Oliver!" it was a musical that I unusually enjoy as a child, probably because one of the darker and appropriately soaked in the spirit of dictation dirt. This is a musical about life in a ghetto in Victorian London, and while scenography and scenography are harsh, dark and true to that lifestyle, it's extremely bizarre that people break into such funny songs in the midst of their misery. After a recent review, my first childhood, I have some new thoughts and insights into why this music player "works" in this bizarre outburst in a song in some way, and why most of it just does not work for me. > When musicals work or they really say something, it's because they understand their inherent strangeness. Lars von Trier, "Dancer in the Dark," tragic and operative, and achievable as he was, worked as a musical because the musical numbers were produced by the imagination of the protagonists, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Likewise, the cynical and pleasant "Chicago" worked at a similar level because the music numbers were the products of the killer ingenue singer / dancer. Musicians do not work when they grasp their musical nature more seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or are simply too big for nothing (ie Something meaningless like "Mari Poppins"). After watching "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult, I saw her in a new light. Speaking mainly from the perspective of young Oliver, I saw music numbers as products of his imagination from childhood and his way of dealing with the horrors of life in the ghetto around him. The best music number was probably when the Nancy forced everyone in the tavern to sign and dance about the joys of drunkenness (as a cover to help the poor Oliver to escape from the clutches of the evil Bill Bill). It was undeniably attractive and sounded like a real audience drunk singing around the piano. There are other great and classic melodies that can be heard here, and the direction and acting from dance to dance accessories are top-notch. Still, for all your gloominess (although she's lucky) at least for Oliver, although things have certainly not ended happily for Nancy, and if you do not think that life on the streets of a pocket pocket is fun, it was not necessarily a good end to Fagin or Dodger, though I would not classify this as a family film, although I think it will not hurt the children over seven or eight years. This is a harsh story of an unhappy orphan who is trying to survive on the street and find happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on how, for example, a revisionist approach, where people on Compton's streets break into happy songs about their terrible lives. I'd like to see the hip-hop version of "Oliver!". I always thought Dickens would translate well in that respect. What's up, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the big movie musicals and perhaps the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
