Great cinematographic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year period can rightly be labeled as the "Golden Age" of the genre. Before that, there were musicals, and musicals existed ... but real classics always seem to have been made during that period. Singin 'In The Rain, The American in Paris, The Band Wagon, The Seven Brides for the Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, The South Pacific, The King And I, and many more, stand as precious products of that era. Perhaps the last major musical of the "Golden Age" Carol Oli of 1968 was "Oliver". Freely adapted to Dickens' novel, this lively music film is a film version of a successful stage production. It is a magnificent film, the winner of six Oscars, including the best film award. Poor Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a poor existence in a workhouse, and his mother died a few moments after she bore him. After the incident of one meal, he is disembarking from the office building and finishing work at the funeral home. But Oliver is not particularly well satisfied in his new job, and runs after a few tough days. He goes on a long trip to London where he hopes to find his fortune. Oliver is caught under the wing of a pocket called Artful Dodger (Jack Vild), who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly thief who is in charge of a group of child thieves. Despite the unlawful nature of the deal, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also meets Nani (Shani Vallis), the girl of the most cruel and horrifying thief of all, threatening Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver reveals his true origins and finds that he is actually from a rich and prosperous background. But his chances of joining his real family was jeopardized when Bill Sikes violently exploited Oliver, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. "Oliver" is a great film, a consistent eye and greatly played his talented actor. Moody's re-creates his stage-play with significant vivacity, removing a movie from young people with his energetic performance like Fagin. Lester and Wild are doing well as young pockets, while Vallis delighted enriches Nancy's role, and Reid creates genuine contempt as Sikes. Music numbers are derived with incredible precision and a sense of spectacle - Osnah's award-winning choreography Onne Vhite helps keep song and dance songs so memorable, but lively performers and skilled directors Carol Reed also play their part. Unforgettable tunes include "Food Glorious Food", "Think about yourself", "You have to choose a pocket or two", "I would do everything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all the immensely attractive songs transmitted through very well-composed sequences . The film is a totally entertaining experience and never lost momentum for a total of 153 minutes. Sit and enjoy!
