OLIVER TVIST should have controversy as well as success after Dickens announced it in 1837. His picture of life in urban ghettoes was something shocking and new, and his production of central figures of novels also included criminals. One day he walked to London and passed the young woman with whom he was friendly. He said hello, but she was pretty stiff with him. He could not understand that. A few days later they met again and he asked what he did to upset her. "Well, if you have to know, I did not like your last novel." She said. "Really, everyone else thinks about it." He was confused: "What's wrong with him?" "Oh, Charles," she said, "I'm a Jew. How could you make up such a character as Fagin?" He did not expect that: "Well ... you know that last year's trial of Ikei Solomon, a thief coach. He is a model for Fagin and he was a Jew." Dickens discovered that it did not solve things. "Yes," she replied, "he got what he deserved, but Charles did not call him" Solomon Jew ", as you call Fagin" the Jew "! Moreover, Solomon did not plan a murder. Dickens had to admit that he might have gone He left the thought of what she said Oliver Twist was published in several editions Dickens tried a bit to improve Fagin Then he got an idea He revised a chapter called Fagin's Last Night Alive, showing fears in a man as he faced a hanging. He added some extra details. He allowed his friend He will be asked to find out about his determination to change Fagin. A day later or later he met her at a friend's house, and looked at him as if she was crazy. "Did not you like the changes?" He asked. "Charles, what's changing? it's always a malicious criminal called "Jew"! "She replied," Yes, I kept them, but did you not see how scared he was in the cell of death in prison. "The young woman noticed this, but she felt so disgusting that deserves to suffer such fears. "Ah ... then I was right about that ... and did you see the little details I added?" He asked. "What kind of details?" She replied. "When did you first see Fagina now when he cooks dinner ... you read that?" Dickens looked at her expecting a sign of recognition. Instead, the lady looked confused. "I read that he was on the fireplace, but I had to cross the passage." Dickens smiled as if he was brilliant: "He cooks a pork sausage for his dinner." "And what!" She exclaimed. "He eats pork, dear ... see - he is not a good Jew!" His friend looked at him, shook his head, and left his friend's house to his horror. For years, she did not talk to him. Dickens never completely shaken his own intolerance, but the situation led to a partial attempt to correct himself in his last completed novel. IN OUR MUTUAL FRIEND (1865) he has a smaller character, Mr. Riah, used by an unscrupulous landlord to collect high rent from poor tenants. The landlord thinks that Mr. Riah be blamed for being a Jew. But Mr. Riah is a good man. He's a very good man. He is a very, very, very good man - so good he is incredible. If Fagin saw Mr. Riah in action, he'd probably drove him away with a stick. The anti-Semitic image of Fagina is retained to date. It is a measure of Dickens' genius as a writer that the novel goes beyond it. However, when presenting the film about the film, it still causes problems for screenwriters and directors: how can, after the Holocaust, film a treatment of a decent novel, without ignoring fanaticism? David Lean has shown that Alec Guiness appears in one or two scenes that portray the human side and face the mafia in the end with true dignity. Sir Carol Reed, in his musical version of the novel, did it even better because of rewriting the original musical. OLIVER became the music hit West End in the mid-1960s, and then taken to Broadway where it was hit again. With the wonderful scoreboard of Lionel Bart, including "The Food of Fine Foods", "I'm Viewing the Situation", "Think About Me", "The Boy for Sale", "Who Will Buy", "As Long as I Need" deserved success. Reed acted well in his roles, including his nephew Oliver Reed as Sikhs, Ron Mudie as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wilder as Dodger, Shania Valis as Nancy and Harry Sechba as Mr. Bumble. In Hollywood for a decade, there was not much musical success - the last musical that won Oscars for Best Picture was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won it in 1968. And Fagin - How to deal with an eternal problem of caricature? Well, in the musical, Fagin was not captured, tried, and executed for the murder that was committed. After all, even Lean showed that Fagin tried to control his ally in his actions. But here Fagin understands that it becomes too old to depend on this kind of chasing life. Although he loses his treasures (those stolen things he kept because he knew their value and admired their beauty), he decides to reform them. He is allowed to do so, accompanied by his faithful, Artful Dodger. I think Dickens would not appreciate the change (maybe his friend), but the modern audience surely accepts it as appropriate.
