As a lifelong admirer of Dickens, I was always disappointed with the adaptations of his novels. Although his work was an extremely precise review of human life at all levels in Victorian Britain, through them all there was a pervading yoke of humor that could be both playful or sarcastic as narration dictated. In a way, he was a literary cartoonist and cartoonist. He could be serious and funny in the same sentence. He nagled pride, ridiculed arrogance, celebrated modesty, and sympathized with loneliness and poverty. Perhaps it was a cliché, but he was a national writer. A comedy that so often misses in its interpretations. At the time of writing, Oliver Twist was dramatized in a serial form on BBC television. All misery and cruelty are theirs, but not humor, irony and wild lottery. The result is only a dark, sad experience: a story written by a journalist, not a novelist. It's not Dickens at all. Oliver !, On the other hand, is much closer to the sign. The mocking of officialism is perfectly interpreted, from agitated wandering to drunken judges. A classic stand-off between the ridge and Mr Brovnold, in which the law described as 'ass, idiot' could not have been better done. Harri Secombe is an ideal choice. But the dazzling cruelty is also present, the indifferent indifference of the state, the cold, the hunger, the poverty, and the loneliness are presented equally surely as the Master would. And there is a crime. Ron Moody is mild as a light Jewish fence, while Oliver Reid brought Bill Siksa to perfection. Reinterpreting him as a much benign boy than Dikenov's original. In the novel he was extremely ruthless, he sent some of his boys to the hangers to protect himself (though he was caught and hanged). While in the film, he is portrayed as something cunning fatherly face, like some kind of charity thief, not as a child switch, and this is another long-standing anti-Semitic feeling. Otherwise, very little freedom is taken with Dickens' original. All the most striking elements are included. Only sufficient danger and violence are preserved in order to ensure narrative loyalty, while at the same time allowing the sensitivity of children. The Nancy is still beaten to death, the Bullseye is getting out of breath, and Bill Sikes gets a true graphic approach. Each song is excellent, although they are turning to schmaltzu. Mark Lester mimics his beautiful. And his and my favorite scene is the one in which the world is reviving 'who will buy'. It's Schmaltzi, but it's Dickens through and through. I could continue. I could praise the wonderful pieces, the contrast of the rich and the poor. There are more high-quality acting than many British rows than you can shake a stick. I should give him 10 points, but today I feel more like Scrooge. Dip it with a Christmas dinner. No original is better realized.
