Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" were a fun, solid piece of fun for popcorn with a small budget so that they would not be overcome by special effects. And obviously targeting "From Twilight to Sunrise" - auditions. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is also trying to start with rock star Jon Bon Jovi who plays one of the main characters, but it works too well ...: I did not see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie, so I can not I compare his acting to "Vampire: Los Muertos" with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the film began, he convinced me that I did not expect him to grab any guitar and play "It's My Life" or something, but kills the vampires, not showing grace and doing the job that needs to be done. That means a lot, because part of the audience (and I myself) probably thought: "... just because it's rockstar ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Voods, but to be honest: It could have been much worse, and in my opinion, Bon Jovi made a very good performance. The vampire played by Arli Jover is not a skin-killer vampire leader whom we met in the first part (or similarly in the "Spirits of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductive and very sexy, moves like a skinny as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in a thin, light, almost transparent, very erotic fabric. Even the optical effects that support its type of movement are very well made. It really takes a bit of beating. But in some parts of the film, the director was avoided to turn the movie from the action-horrorfilm into a sensitive horror movie such as Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's temptation to make a movie with a VERY personal note and something different from the original. This is the true strength of the film, and at the same time its weakest point: an audience that celebrates the bloodshed of the first movie is probably expecting a clean bloodthirst for the second time and may be a bit disappointed. Do not make a mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun bloodbath, but not all this time. Just think of the massacre at the bar in relation to a scene where vampires try to deceive Zoei into ruins: a bar-massacre is what you expect from American popcorn-entertainment, scenes of seduction Zoei-in-ruins ALMOST is a European cinema (the film is eager to let us says something more about Zoei's relationship with vampires, but at the same time rejects the answers. Because it would slow down the action? It showed the vampire audience with a human past, the creature now suffering, and not just a beast that only kills someone). And this is the point that decides whether the film is accepted by the audience of the original film or not. Likewise: will this kind of audition "From Dusk to Dawn" really please? I'm not sure. Still, Tommy Lee Vallace really did a great job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I think I would also direct the continuation of popcorn movie, Vallace, which is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. As if preparing to develop his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Talas's talent fills the film with life and maybe it is sometimes sucked at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost done well. (I give him 7 out of 10)
