In the first three films of Frank Sinatra, he was a pure specialty: apparently playing alone, he only appears to sing a song during a nightclub sequence in another movie. In his fourth film, a very pleasant 'Higher and Higher', Ioung Blue Eies turns into an acting career playing a real role ... a task that is facilitated by playing in a fictional story giving him a chance to pass Several numbers. The Sinatrin entry is pretty funny. Michele Morgan is hearing knocking on the door and asks who is there. Outside, the voice from Hoboken corresponds to "Frank Sinatra". Sure enough ... The initial credits for "Higher and Higher" can confuse some viewers, as the names of the composer Rodgers and the chart are displayed prominently. In fact, they contributed only one song for this musical: 'Disgustingly Rich', which this actor thrives to reject as a kind of introduction to a completely different song, 'I am a debutant.' Interestingly, the song Rodgers & Hart - one of their poorest songs - perhaps the most beautiful song in this movie; A few others are colorful numbers for upgrading, especially "It's the most important affair", "When you love it, you are yourself" and "I saw you first". Sinatra is good in this movie, but would better work (and sang better material) somewhere else. The real merit of "More and More" are the wonderful turns of some artists who seldom made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were a very popular dance team for the husband and wife who played in several Broadway magazines: truly graceful dancers in the dance hall, put a lot of physical comedy into their dance material. Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, almost did not work on a movie, so it's a pleasure to see this movie give us a rare opportunity to see her big plan, hear her beautiful singing voice and notice how sexy looks in the uniform of her maid. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as an actor, only occasionally playing solo. (Or beside Ken Berry in an unforgettable episode 'Maiberri RFD'.) Also very attractive in maid's uniform here in 'Higher and Higher' is lively teenage singer Marci McGuire. Why did not this talented girl make more movies? Maybe she was too similar in personality to Betty Hutton. I enjoy Hutton's performances, but Marci McGuire likes me even better. At the end of the "Higher and Higher" there is a fun physical activity in which McGuire and Marie Vickes waitresses, who pretend to move from table to table in a nightclub. The alternate steps of the short McGuire and the high pics of Wicks are hilarious! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays a big role in the 'Higher and Higher', he is almost not given a comedy: once he did not have his famous dance with tires. Jack Haley, despite his prominent charge, is also lost. Very well presented here is Dooley Wilson, who inevitably remembers Sam from 'Casablance'. In this film, Wilson made his own singing, but fake his keyboards 'As Time Goes Bi'. (In real life, Wilson could not play piano.) Here in 'Higher and Higher,' he sings pleasant and gives some fun reactions to other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge here gives a rare movie performance, managing his dialogue skillfully, but never acting on any comedy on a keyboard that he later successfully performed in his own scenes. Actions? Forget. 'Higher and Higher' is no idea of ​​the 'great' musical, but it's a pleasure to enjoy, and I will rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Vhelan, who worked in Britain, as well as Hollivood, deserves to be much better known.
