Higher and Higher was one of the smaller Broadway musicals in Rodgers & Hart, who had only 84 appearances at Broadway in 1940. Nevertheless, he got one of their bigger hits It Never Entered Mi Mind. However, apart from a minor song, So Disgustingly Rich, Broadway's entire episode was abolished when RKO purchased film rights. Instead, new songs by Jimmy McHugh and Harold Adamson were written, mainly to accommodate Francis Albert Sinatra who debuted on the feature-length feature film. Sinatra, who made some vocal charts in past films, takes the sheet from the page of her singing rival Bing Crosby. When Bing debuted in The Big Broadcast, he played Bing Crosby. Frank Sinatra took over the role of Frank Sinatra and I can not imagine anyone who could do a better job. The Chairman of the Board is third, behind the star Jack Haley and Michelle Morgan. He is a butler, and she is a cook of Leon Errol. In fact, Errol is a millionaire who has not paid his help for seven months. Mostly because he is ready to go to the stomach in Chapter 11 or inform the staff. Errol is a wonderful old soul for which he needs to work and none of the staff wants to lose the good thing. They associate their resources and ask Michele Morgan to present Errola's daughter who is in Switzerland with her mother. The idea was to capture a rich bankroll in the hope of saving family wealth. Only Michele begins to look at another. It's a minor plot and certainly not worse than many musicals, but RKO has invested this film with good actors. Barbara Hale and Elizabeth Risdon starring another debut and her mother who doubts that something is wrong, Victor Borge is a wealth that does not require an account, Dooley Wilson, Paul Hartman, Grace Hartman, Marci McGuire, Mel Torme and Mari Vickes play others in Errolu staff. Not a bad bunch. Sinatra sang three good ballads that had some kind of commercial success, music stopped, a wonderful way to spend the evening, and I could not sleep last night. The last was nominated for the Best Song Oscar, but lost to Alice Faie you will never know. In 1943, it was a year of trade union strike against the record industry. To extract his material, Frank Sinatra recorded songs from Higher and Higher and acapella choir for Columbia. Bing Crosby recorded songs from his Dicky movie in the same way for Deck. Both were declared by union leaders, James C. Petrillo as strikers and both did not cross the border again. The strike did not fully resolve until 1944, although Decca was previously ranked by other publishing houses and settled earlier than Colombia, RCA Victor and others. The strike has provided some upsetting moments for Sinatra. He just left the orchestra Tommy Dorsey when a strike was called. He closed a place for his art, when he was not sure if leaving Dorsey would be a real move in his career. Fortunately, the higher and the higher are getting a good legend.
