I imagine Victorian literature that slowly descends into the mud all the more distant past, crushed by the weight of its sub-skins. In addition, there is television: at best, it has the power of redemption, and dramatizations like those produced by the BBC produce such fine, Victorian literature gets a new blow to life. Religious themes, a moral tone, can be all the more disadvantageous in a world that is no longer easily shocked, and familiar with coexistence, jobs and family violence. But those old, well-told stories have lasting power, and this is a hidden gem. It's hard to estimate today how powerful, feminist and extraordinary masterpiece Ann Bronte's "The Tenant of Vildfell Hall" actually is. Exiting from the primordial servitude of restrictive corsets, physically, mentally, socially? Her hero Helen Huntingdon, fleeing from a miserable marriage, escapes brutality and alcoholism, does not only capture the fierceness of her violent husband, but also social intolerance and malicious gossip, to make changes in her life, she pays for the price, but retains her self-esteem; she falls in love on the road, she appears to swear bana, but winning and strong.I like to watch women like these on the screen. The actors are super? The best Britons can offer.The love story is beautifully processed, with real passion and the feeling of well-paired actors Tara Fitzgerald inhabits every aspect of a complicated heroine, and as other critics have said here, nothing less sharply defined and a beautiful person can survive this stiff hair. Tobi Stephens, by striking sparks from her, contributes only to the right combination of stubborn, handsome youth and passionate, eager for vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors ever) enjoys a charismatic negativity (so much so that you're almost done with it. Nobody's perfect). Supporting thieves create a world in which you sink without feeling that rough compromises have been made to modern tastes, and you have not felt preached. Another BBC classic, it is recommended: it is necessary to dramatize romantic literature.
