Spoilers ..... I saw the original on TV some time ago and I remembered this production as less courageous than most Beeb costume drama. This week I looked at DVD again and still have the same impression on it. At first it is a good story, but weak when the hero becomes so terribly brave and noble and returns to his utterly corrupted husband when he is sick and so I was completely irritated by her holiness. I suppose it was the "right thing" when the story was written, and that it contributed a lot of trouble, and it was difficult for a woman to be independent of her husband, because her marriage did nothing more than his property, let alone pursue a scandalous with a lover as I expect a very modern audience to like to see. But today it's difficult to accept the santimoniousness, especially when this heroine had a strong, brave fan ready to defend against everyone and everyone. So, a story like in a movie I am ambiguous. It is well done according to the novel, but somewhat irritating in today's way of life. to be so consistent. So I felt embarrassed that Helen was finally free to be with him, but he did not allow the script for more than one minute to fall to one another in a quick hug before the titles appeared. This was completely funny when we waited all this time through all this dripping of the sentiment over the unsuitable husband for a decent dialogue and a good embrace between the hero and the heroine. Instead, the end was as if the filmmakers were left without time or finances or simply could not be troubled. "Here you go - one minute, do what you can in that, and then cut it because the director wants to go home now ..." "I left myself feeling completely unhappy." However, very high praise actors Tobias Stephensa is a perfect and very handsome hero, and Rupert Graves is a top-notch and self-inflicted criminal. Tara Fitzgerald was satisfactory within the script that forced her to be so depressing and rather sacrificial. Yet, I love these classical drama and almost all of them are better than most of the "modern" drama on television these days. So, 7 US, despite the irritation it is still a good hour.
