I saw this mini-series for the first time on British television a few years ago and immediately I was enchanted with a story. This was pretty surprising to me because I'm not a big fan either of 'Jane Eire' or 'Vuthering Heights'; I think that the heroine of the first was a self-correcting well, and the other part of an excessive trap. The 'Tent of the Wild Hall', as well as the above-mentioned works, is also somewhat depressed. in pieces. However, the darker parts of the film were compensated by the excitement of Helen's escape, the stunning wild and beautiful landscapes of Iorkshire, and the sexual magnetism of Toby Stephens. This film successfully displays a frustrating, restrictive way of life. all of the then women. At best, they suffered from a smaller type of domestic tyranny that showed the treatment of women in Markham's household. At the other end of the rock, there is an unhappy Helen married to a wealthy man of a high estate, but is subjected to brutality and humiliation, which alternate with long periods of neglect. She escapes and experiences a brief moment of freedom, but, as a woman of mystery living alone in a rural community, she inevitably becomes the object of defiant gossip and speculation. Tara Fitzgerald is great as a long Helen Markham. Not only is it incredibly beautiful (despite a terribly rude haircut) with the most amazing cheeks, it is more than capable of playing a central role in the movie. Tara was dignified and abstained, while at the same time letting us see that Helen is still dangerous. Rupert Graves is a devious, but unusually attractive Arthur Huntingdon - after seeing him, I could never imagine another actor playing that part. Pam Ferris deserves special attention due to his role as Gilbert's lax mother, as well as the actress who starred his sister Rose, and Simone Carter, a useless vicar with a taste for good things in life. Finally, I could only watch this film for Tobi Stephens; He is so handsome, rude, sexy, sensitive (but not nauseantly sentimental). I'm not even sure if he is a good actor because my hormones prevent me from objectively condemning him! If there is a mistake in the movie, it's the use of flashbacks that I felt and interfered with the course of the story and made it a little confusing. Other people who watched this movie with me also had problems with this, and I discovered that I need to explain to them that certain scenes are actually retrospective. I am extremely grateful for the responsible people for making this film. Not only did I buy a video (a rare occurrence), but it also led me to buy the great novel Anne Bronte. Of course, this was better than a movie, but only with a small margin. I recommend that everyone interested watch the movie and then read the book in the order. <br /> <br />
