The Man from Snovi River II does not make up the wheel, but it's a wonderful movie that satisfies the audience and hits some great notes. For those fans who want elements that have made the original Man From Dreams movie movie hit, (a breath-taking landscape, a great result, a cute romanticism and shooting) this movie really brings. This story was picked up a few years from the end of the first, Jim (Tom Burlinson) was by far collecting his fortune in a horse horse litter. He returns to continue where he stood with his disgusting well-groomed soul, Jessica (played by Aussie Divine Ms. Sigrid Thornton), who still tries to escape from her elevated upbringing at her poultry station (Harrison is now playing American Brian Dennehi). Jim's file and the treacherous character is the good-looking snob of high class Alistair Patton (Nicholas Eadie) with a look at Jessica. Add to the mix some social tension around the estate and stallion with a bad attitude from the first movie and it's a complication. The best thing about this movie is acting. Tom Burlinson fits well into Jim's wide hat and laconic humor. Sigrid Thornton is a wonderful heroine and the two of them manage some real chemistry on the screen. Filling Kirk Daglas's solid shoes will never be easy and Brian Dennehi treads and shouts, but never in this part does feel very authentic. The music is brilliant and lush, and the cinema could be a scroll of Viktors tourism disc. However, there is a moment that feels very self-confounding, as the director wants only one more helicopter image of the driver to show that it is a beautiful landscape without any personal human drama. A little more sand would be enough here, we are Aussie's, we can take it !! There are some very strong moments with a pasture that defies belief. However, the funny thing in this movie is that in some glitzy clichés there are some truly inventive and moving scenes. Jim put the saddle on the stall (VERY horse whispered before his time) Jim and Jessica are returning home, an incredible scene in which Jim shows Alistair's riding with his faithful whip. I see why this character is such an icon. All in all, a very pleasant continuation. We hope that everyone involved will want to make another one. Man from the Snow River III: CRAIGS. I'm sure we would all like to see Jim and Jessica working on their farm. Aussie DVD has several extra scenes in it. Worth if you're already a fan.
