"Creep" is a new horror film that will undoubtedly satisfy many fans of the genre simply because it is so endless and unscrupulous! There are many real shock moments, many reflective up-sequences and rare claustrophobic tension. What is not there is logic and firm conspiracy, but, to tell you the truth, it did not bother me for a second. When credits are over, there are still many unanswered questions that need to be considered, but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debate) seems to have preferred to focus entirely on tension and action that speeds up adrenaline rather than long, sleepy speech and theory could explain the existence of a "creep" in London. The story turns to the young and horrible Kate, who leaves her party in order to leave and meet famous actor George Clunii, who in the city presented his new film. She sleeps in a subway, misses the last train and is trapped in an underground subway network. Things are really scary when they come across a crazy lunatic who lives in old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewer workers can not save her from this strange monster! I really dug up a nasty guy! He's disgusting, disgusting, and rude, but fascinating in a strange way. Christopher Smith leaves us only marks and hints, and it is only on the viewer to guess the origin and background of this evil creature. I do not think this is really original, and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith, and I think it's better this way than going over the top, "Jeepers Creepers" -style (this special movie also started great , but as soon as Creeper's identity was clear, he turned into a very central effort of horror). The obvious aspect of love is unheard-of blood! In this film, serious mixing occurs, and make-up, as well as sound effects, are very convincing. The abnormal surroundings of the abandoned London metro overnight are effectively used. There is also some acting talent present in this film, from Run Lola Run, which returns to the graphic horror almost five years after the cool German film "Anatomie". Creep is a great fun when you are in a subdued mood and Christopher Smith is definitely the director I will follow. Make sure you do not have to go to the subway immediately after watching this movie ...
