This is a good smoker; is not perfect by any part of imagination, but firm, competent and disturbing. An excellent example of a simple idea has evolved into an inviting 90-minute script. Kate (Franka Pontente), a young German businesswoman living in London, leaves her waiting on the last train. She wakes up to find an abandoned place, but quickly realizes that she is far from being alone. Someone, or something, is there with her and her intentions are completely malicious. In fact, she encounters a few other characters in her quest for survival, including a wretched fellow, homeless and cage in a cage. Sewer workers, everyone adds tempo and plot content. Somewhere in the middle of the film comes a slight disturbance when the trilogers of the tension mutate in the upper fest, but nothing so clumsily slow down the paced tempo. For those of you with low dispositions, this will probably be a painful ride; For those of you who enjoy a well-executed bodily difficulty, it should press all the appropriate keys. The peak of the film may be less successful than the main part of the film, but it is interrupted with a nice moment of unexpected social commentary that provides a satisfactory conclusion. Some may feel somewhat cheated due to a clear explanation of the exact nature and history of the threat that Kate and her allies have encountered, but for me it was not the case. A horror movie writer should not feel compelled to touch anyone and pass each time, in the same way that he can be expected to be a writer of political thrillers. There are enough traces here to give you a very clear idea of ​​what led to this evil, making a detailed and final solution to the superfluous. Keeping a certain feeling of mystery is welcome and reminds us that in this movie, driving has always been more important than the exact destination. I understand that the budget for this movie was, at minimum, minimal, in which case our applause for this British horror should be louder, since at no time there is no impression on the corners that are reduce or effects that they can not deliver. If this sounds like your kind of movie then it's likely. Buy a ticket and get on the boat.
