Emori is a Cincinnati steelwoman as well as his father before him, and most of the 20th century two pillars of his family existence were steel and trade union. The mill, which once had 45,000 workers, has recently decreased to 5,000 and now 1, as the factory closed its doors, leaving one guard. Initially, the newly-unemployed Emori and his friends enjoy their independence, hang around the city, and they love their favorite bar, where they drop "deep attacks" with unhurried abandonment. They think that the mill will reopen after hearing the optimistic picture of their union representative, but reality begins to sink when they find themselves in the sale of their personal cars fighting to put food on the table and prevent the exclusion of their homes. Emori's father - a dedicated union man - is sure that the plant will reopen and remind his son of all short-term closures during his 35 years in the mill. In the meantime, some of the unemployed men take humiliating jobs for work or jumping in their trucks and go on a desperate job search. Finally, the union recognizes its helplessness, as Emori explains to his stubborn father that the times have changed and that the mill will never be opened again. The emory of sadness asks: "What have I wrongly done?" as a life of hard work and loyalty to the business, community, church and family, they left it without anything and did not turn around. He hits the bottom when he drums his young sons in a drunken rage and hits a woman on the floor. Echoed from his own house and a sting of comments by the manager of the plant that he and his people did not work enough to justify their significant salaries, Emori recruited the steelmakers who are still in the city to do something that will show everyone they are capable of. Early in the morning they break into a mill, burnt stoves and work more than ever in life, producing in one shift of sufficiently high-quality steel tubes to fill up wall-to-wall loading docks, from top to bottom - something factory manager thought was impossible. Having arrived at a suddenly reopened factory, the stunned manager is turning around the enormous output that came out of a day's work, realizing that such production can make a profitable factory again. Manager asks Emoria: "Can you do it every day?" Emori was forced to nod "No" and the manager asks: "Then what did you try to prove?" Emori explains that decades of hard work, honesty, and devotion to workplaces have had meaning and that they showed how much they can produce in one day, "We just spit into your eyes". Emori is forgiving with his wife and children as he leaves with his friends to look for a job in the south, promising to move his family when he finds him. This is a strong and honest treatment of the position of American workers who are displaced due to foreign competition and gives a real insight into the costs they bear for the short-sightedness of unions requiring concessions and greedy owners of plants. from their factories pulled every coin they could, but never gave up on modernization. Peter Strauss as Emori, John Goodman as his best friend, Garry Cole as his brother from college, Pamela Reed as Emory's cute wife and John Doucette as his dying father all turn to great performances in this fine picture.
