Ah, McBain? The name of the character is immortal and forever ridiculed by the "Sympson", but it will always be i ?? me personally, at least ?? the name and name of an incredibly entertaining and excessively violent movement remain in the early 90's; directed by the cool guy who led us to "The Ekterminator" and starring two of the most precious B-movie heroes Christopher Valken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a sweet little macho tail). I guess McBain will have to be labeled as a pleasure to a large extent because they can not convince anyone that it is an intellectual moving image. The movie is unimaginably meaningless (most action heroes take over a small gangster pot? McBain takes over the whole country), but takes it too seriously. The scenario is a non-stop and incoherent saliva cliche situation, meaningless reversals, mandatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely set action sequences and extremely incredible character drawings. It's a totally delirious film; I liked it. Vietnamese prisoner of war The life of McBain rescues colleague Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them holds in half a dollar as a symbol that McBain is in Santos's debt. Eighteen years later, Santos was a witty rebel who was leading a revolution against the corrupt president of his Colombian country. The initial attempt by Santos to take power down and publicly executed on the El Presidente's balcony. His sister travels to New York with a dollar bill and turns to McBain for financial help and people. McBain and his former friends from Vietnam, who accidentally found themselves in mischief in this world, leased themselves like a poor little plane and flew to Columbia to open a huge can. Okay, let's not be fooled. The fact that you're reading a comment from "McBain" already shows that you have some kind of interest in B-movie low budget action. One of my colleagues has spent a lot of time in compiling a list that contains all the main nonsense and insensitive moments of McBain. This list is completely accurate and I can only agree with it. I could even add some more meaningless sequences to that list (such as the meaningless and unnecessary heroic self-sacrifice of a soldier who does not even have affinity for the mission's mission and the rest of McBain's team), but the point? You definitely do not know that you expect 100% coherent and authentic masterpieces. We know from before that it will be a dumb and overly brilliant movie, and maybe that's the exact reason why we want to check it! This is an incredible and exciting movie about a bunch of former Vietnam friends who turn into mercenaries and declare war against the corrupt Colombian president and national drug cartel. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This film relies on the acting performance of the macho leader, lots of explosions and shootings and ?? in the end, but not less important ?? a fantastic music background in which Joan Baez sings the cover of "Brothers in Arms".
