When I first heard about the title, I thought of the Simpsons, just like many other reviewers, but when I saw the actors, I was completely amazed that so many big actors would be in that! First, we have Christopher Valken (Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction), who plays the title character, McBain. They are rescued from a Vietnam camp by some of his friends, one of whom is Santos (Chick Vennera, Ianks), who shares a hundred dollars with McBain (apparently the Vietnamese soldiers are loaded in cash), and tells him that He can help him again, if ever It's getting into trouble. Then, 18 years later, Santos and his sister Christina (Maria Conchita Alonso, Runner, Predator 2) join the rebels in Colombia trying to get rid of their own evil dictator, El Presidente (Victor Argo, taxi driver, king of New York), and when Santos fails in the mission, Christina goes to McBain for help. asks his good Vietnam friends to help him. First, there is a stamped black man, Eastland, starring "American Ninja" Steve James, who was also in the previous film directed by James Glickenhaus, "The Ekterminator", where the true name of the exterminator was Eastland, coincidence? I do not think so. There are also many other references to The Ekterminator, among other things, the most important thing is that McBain himself wears a welding mask when Christina first sees it when working on a welding deal. bridge! Other guys in the Vietnam package are: A wealthy guy who can afford all kinds of equipment for the team, Frank Bruce (Michael Ironside, Total Recall, Starship Troopers), and then there's Dr. Doctor, Dalton (starring Jai Patterson, who does not look as the guy IMDb links, and I did not see him in other films, so who knows), and last but not least, there's a policeman, Gill, who had enough of his unsatisfactory work, played by Thomas G. Vaites, which some of us can remember from Warrior and Things. And in other major roles we find Luis Guzman (Boogie Nights, Carlit's Way), as a small drug dealer who can not get a decent job. Also, there is Dick Boccelli as a drug-dwelling king who descends into the cock on the roof by McBain-band, almost exactly the same way he is hung over the mill John Eastland. EKSTERMINATOR-movie! I have not seen Glickenhaus "Shakedovn / Blue Jean Cop" yet, but I'm almost ready to bet half a hundred dollars worth of Boccelli's in that movie too! Well, back to the plot of this movie ... they go to Colombia and save the day, iai! But who cares about the action, the actors are great, and the action scenes are very well made, and you are never bored as you watch this movie! It is recommended to all shareholders!
