First, the explanation: Despite my title, I give this film only 8 stars, because this is not one of the best movies ever made. All the criticisms mentioned here have valid points. Also, be warned that in order to enjoy the script, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's glow in finding spirits in a real human humorous. He has a striking New York ear for dialogue - especially dry, Jewish, sarcasm with love - and if you have trouble accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, you may have trouble accepting optimism at the heart of this film. So much for the warnings. Here's my main thing: Valter Matthau is perfect, even beyond the perfect, in this movie. I never saw him funnier, or even more touching-because at the same time he shows us the ridiculousness of this person who refuses to give up his images of the main star or unbearable attitudes, even when his coherence is declining. , He also shows us even more vulnerable, perhaps even heartbreaking frightened person in the grouch. And he barely shows us that sad side - it's enough to really get to you if you accidentally face the mental fall of your own father or husband now (I mention it as a warning), but artistic, it's enough patos to give this character authentically deep roots which I saw in any movie performance. This is beyond the Metodic Actuality - Matthau's performance is remarkable as character and pure joy as a comic delivery. This is a comic book masterpiece. About Richard Benjamin: I personally think that his acting is generally disturbing, and his work in this movie is no exception - although there are some nice moments here. ("Chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) If you like, you should like it here, and if not, this movie will not change your mind. About the Oscars from 1976 ... I agree that Matthau was unhappy to be against Nicholson in the "Cuckoo Nest" of that year. It was the year of the murder of the leading actors; that there were only Oscars for comedy and drama, I think Oscar best actor would go to Al Pacino for "Dog Dai Afternoon" and Valter Matthau for "Sunshine Bois" - not to deter Jack's good work like McMurphi, but I think that Pacino and Matthau were EVERYDAYLY crafted and amazingly effective and completely legendary in their performances than Nicholson that year. Also, I believe that Burns got Oscar as a supporting actor more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I think he was good in this movie, but not good. (Burns's fin-as-all but non-special-in-returns to the shov biz beat Brad Dourif is really a brilliant debut in the "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention the amazing debut of Chris Sarandon at Dog Dai Afternoon - What do I think proves my theory In addition, Oscar theories, here's my last review: If you like Matthau's comedy, then watch this movie and enjoy its strong tricks and beautiful gestures inspired by the grandmother, short-term facial expressions and seemingly illiterate parties. But if you are currently dealing with pain, edging the old person to lose grief, then be warned that this movie could be either a comic relief you need or a dose of reality that's too painful to watch now.)
