First I read the great novel Pearl S Bucka in the ninth grade class, and I enjoyed every exciting page. It was almost inevitable that Hollivood grabbed it, and since it was made in 1937, the results are excellent. Certain things have to be accepted: in 1937 there was no talk of casting Asian actors in a big Hollywood movie. In some ways, this makes the ultimate product more interesting than it was able to use a more authentic look. With this barrier overcome, executive producer Irving Thalberg and director Sidney Franklin (among others) tried to manually select a great and great role. Paul Muni plays Wang Lung. Muni was at the height of his power as an actor during this period, and he could almost play everything he had intended. Once you go past the make-up (that's good, but nobody really replaces it with a Chinese man), his performance has all the credibility of his best work. Then there is Luise Rainer. The Oscar award last year for her performance in BIG ZIEGFELD, the star of the Viennese actress was rising and she was given the role of O-lan's plum, despite the lack of experience in Hollywood. Her performance was brought to her second Oscar, the first time in the history that happened. They called it wooden and one note. There is a small grain of truth in it. However, if it is said, all you have to do is go back to the book. For Rainer, although not a Chinese, he played O-lan almost as Buck wrote to her; it's actually a great performance and one of the best transfers from the book to the screen I've ever seen. As for the rest of the actors, this was MGM. At that time they had the biggest list of stars and actors in Hollywood, and a big budget for the best, and in the end they got the best. The film has eased the marriage of Wang Lung with O-lan something. In a novel, with riches, the lust comes and he takes on the concubine, a move that destroys his wife, but her feelings as an ordinary woman do not concern him. In the film, Vang Lung returns to his wife on the deathbed of the two pearls he took from her years, realizing too late that his true love is. Corni, yes. But it's Hollivood. Taking into consideration the obstacles they faced, the movie could open up for shouts of laughter. But despite the apparent scarcity of real Asian actors, this film suddenly worked well with the passage of seventy-three years. In fact, the most unlikely thing in this movie is how good it is, when it could have been a disaster so easily.
