What Irving Thalberg did in making this movie today will never try again. Creating a Chinese story with Western players even if caliber Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Charlee Grapevin and Valter Connolly among others. Perhaps this is partly because the story was written by Westerner Pearl Buck who received the Pulitzer Prize for his novel in 1932. Ms. Buck, the daughter of Chinese missionaries, has probably brought China closer to America than any other person. Not political struggle in China, but the lives and efforts of people we find everyday in the Good Earth. Unfortunately, Pearl Buck became an apologist for Kuomintang China in Chiang Kai-Shek in all its virtues and excesses. The rest of her literary production never corresponded to The Good Earth. In Sundovners there is a great description of the comparison of China and Australia by Peter Ustin's. Asked about the difference, Ustinov said China was very large and very full and that Australia was large and very empty. That's what you see in Good Earth, China that is very large and very full of people, more than it can sometimes be dealt with. Good Country witnesses the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni) as a young man buying a woman from a large house in which she was a slave. The wife of O-Lan (Luise Rainer) carries her two sons and sees him through all the good and bad weather, drought, hunger, revolution and climatic monster. Luise Rainer won. the second of two consecutive Oscars for displaying O-Lana. Maybe she has set some kind of record in being the leading Oscar player with the least amount of dialogue. All that works is practically done with facial expressions, its performance could be on a silent film with very minimal titles. I think only John Miles in Rajana's daughter had fewer words and played a mentally retarded man. Rainer helps in the field, carries and raises children, performs housework. When Muni becomes the owner of the property, he takes a second Chinese trophy woman who inflicts a lot of sadness on him. Rainer still wears all that. Nevertheless, Muni is not a bad man and it is a tribute to the film and his acting work and Buk's writing that you do not hate him, and the cultural gap is bridged. Now we have a group of Oriental players who work more than Kung Fu films. I'm surprised that the Good Land of All Movies has not been processed at this time. I bet the Chinese government would even allow an American company to do it in a real location. By then we have this great classic to appreciate and enjoy.
