This film is poorly received and poorly viewed. The book Rebecca West was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when shock and amnesia caused by trauma were not clichés, as critics later called it numerous books and films. It's hard to go back to the past and live how the characters lived, the reality of the time: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war on the use of lethal gas, the British class system that the wife regarded as an important, hopeless anchor, and a lover from the past is still seen by the eyes of love young and beautiful as it was 20 years ago. Alan Bates as an amnesty soldier who will "die" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, which builds on the loyalty that his character showed in the film "Far from crazy crowd". Seeing this show, it is possible to feel his strong romantic attachment to a girl who has not fulfilled the expectations of family and society. Margaret says: "We got together, and when you roughed, you turned away from me." So we know that the breakdown was something he initiated, that he had brought shame on him, but that he had forgotten the shame in his memory for his time with Margaret. I did not see all his films, but in those I saw, he gives a strong masculinity that goes through this role as a soldier with disabilities. I did not even recognize it. Ann-Margaret initially feels that her performance is underestimated. I did not read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of a borderline incestuous feeling between Jenni and Chris, although Jenni claims to be a "cousin." The way Kitty keeps Jenni in the kindergarten on the hair drying scene, the fact that Kitty says he always drains his hair in that room, seems more like a way for Kitty to hold charcoal anger hot from the orientation of the room towards the sun or the feeling of a lost child, said she wanted that Chris did not feel that she needed to keep the room exactly the way she was when the child was alive, and that she seemed to be reckless about the child's memory. Also, Jenni is shown to live in a house in a subordinate role, as that society at that time would have made a high society. Recently, he was a recipient of an intense fantasy fantasy (non-sexually adhering time out of time) from 50 years ago, I could connect with the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. And I was rejected because I was not good enough for his family, and after I discovered it online again, I was burdened by helping him to deal with his still terrible experiences with Vietnam and marriage with a woman above his class who was not he believed he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very reasonable, but the effort was very real. The lover finally managed to reconcile his real situation with his fantasy to love only me. I thought it was a good decision to show very little about re-experiencing the war experience that is happening. in Chris's mind. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with a World War I soldier who exhibits very violent memories and committed suicide against Chris's joy in his fantasy about Margaret. On the contrary, the action of the soldiers in Mrs Dalloya seems overwhelmed. Showing that the psychiatrist very little understood what is happening to Chris, it highlights the main problem that the entire group faces. Everybody seems to be returning their lives, but was that the right choice?
