I just saw this remarkable film from 1982. Return of a soldier, based on the novel Rebecca West. It is a 40-year-old captain who is shocked by shells, which his wife does not say returned to the British land, but remains in a hospital in London. He lost his memory and again a boy, with a fallen yen for a soul of the lower class he was leading 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He retains his childhood, while the reader finds that his wife is an unbearable, ambitious community that wants to return to society. Living with them is his cousin Jenni, who loved Chris Baldrie's soldiers when they grew up as fellows, but settled in spinsterhood. The lower-class woman, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Grey. She was informed that Chris had returned to England. Chris's wife, Kitty, is shocked when Mrs. Grey reports that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is empty and snobbish. Why, she asks, was that other woman sent a telegraph about Chris, not about her? Chris completely forgot about Kitty. She wants to renew her relationship with Margaret. Now married Margaret does not want to meet him, but then she still meets him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jennifer that Chris's temporary fortune with Margaret will disappear if he "heals" him. Jenni understands how much Kitty is empty for Chris and forms a secret love affair over Margaret. They are both in love with him. Jenni wants to help. Later in the movie Kitty discovers that Chris and she had a boy who died five years ago. To tell Chris this, he's trying to get a psychiatrist, he'll surely bring him back to "normal". But is that a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty were married, he is not aware of his child and his death. A psychiatrist, who only teaches a child, believes that Chris will bring this knowledge. Jenni and Margaret have Chris for herself because Kitty believes she is acting and refusing to accept Chris's disease in the return of youth in the forties. The film mostly left no matter what to do with Chris. But Jenni and Margaret, in the perfectly maintained bedroom of the child - with Kitty in the novel, but not in the script - talk. what they believe should be done with Chris from their own separate perspectives. Margaret is critical here because, although married, she fell in love again with Chris. Jenni's social status, Jenni believes, will be compromised if Chris is not alone. It does not reveal Margaret. Margaret decides, looking ahead, that Chris can not sustain her fantasy over time, but must return to something like real life. While Kitty and Jenni look through the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris outside and tells him about her lost son. The head of the war victim of the pots, his shoulders falling, he turns his eyes. He is muted walking towards the house. Fine I read some reviews of this first novel Rebecca West. Roman was written sometime after the first war. The film is never quite clear who Jenni, his cousin, or his sister. It would be more exciting to be his sister, of course. Criticism also does not explain. I'm sure Vest in her novel is sure that Jenni is her cousin, not her sister. The West is not Henri Miller nor Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father as an adult to equate him with abuse as a child), I was thinking about reading, but then I decided against it. Rebecca, the author has a need to restore Chris. She also has plays in her head for the Society, her novel is first excited, but finally accepts once again.
