'Shop around the corner (1940)' is a pleasant romantic comedy, not the one I will keep for the end of the day, but still a movie that deserves its reputation. Until 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had long taken over the Hollywood Storm, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" became an original commercial sign. This film was planned for a release from 1939, but the conflicts in the schedule meant that James Stevart and Margaret Sullavan were inaccessible to the recording. Instead of replacing any of his major stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, in the meantime directs Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939)'. When it is finally over, it seems that The Shop Around the Corner has experienced relative indifference, receiving a zero nomination for the Oscars despite the excellent scenario of Samson Raphaelson and fine performances from his two performances and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time has, however, produced a massive and lasting influence on the film, along with high-profile remakes, including "In the Good Good Year (1949)" and "Have Your Mail" (1998). At the surface it can be assumed that the "Shop around the Corner" simply talks about two lovers, Clara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred King (Stevart), who like themselves not knowing. However, Lubitsch's film works much deeper than that. It is a story about Matushka and a company, a stylized gift shop in Budapest and various human relationships that make the action of such a close family. When the owner of the store, Hugo Matusek, starts to suspect that his oldest employee has an affair with his wife, we are witnessing the breakdown of two families, both at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why the story should not have been set up in the United States? Maybe in the noisy streets of New York? but Lubitsch deliberately recreated the passions and memories of his previous years in Europe, the miracle of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every threshold. Does this subtle subtext bring more meaningful, personal touch to the movie? In fact, even as I write this review, I begin to appreciate the story even more. Sullavan and Stevart are both wonderful in their roles, but I think that's the support that really supports. Make a movie. Each character brings a distinctive personality into a mix, and their interactions are always credible and pleasant. I especially liked Lubitsch consciously directing many of our sympathies to Hugo Matusek, who in any other film would be limited to an underdeveloped, two-dimensional presentation. Matushek may have lost his love for his family, but he is winning again in the love of his employees, and you feel a cordial glow when, in the bitter cold of the Christmas snowstorm, he finds socializing in a young task with puzzles. boy (Charles Smith). This true warmth to the character of support seems to me to be similar to some later creations of Billy Wilder, for example Boom Boom Jackson in The Fortune Cookie (1966) or Carlo Carlucci in Avanti! (1972). "Of course, this really should not be said, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
