SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is one of the smallest romantic comedies ever made. It simply can not be bypassed, and it's hard to say that he feels about this movie. It is not one of those films that make too much effort, nor do the strangest possible scenarios appear in order for the two protagonists to merged in the end. In fact, all her charm is innate, contained in characters and surroundings and complication ... which is very likely to be raised. It's easy to think that such a love story, just as beautiful as any other has ever been said, can * happen to you ... a feeling that you do not get often from other romantic comedies, no matter how sweet and cordial. Alfred Kralik (James Stevart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) have not had the happiest first meetings when she arrived at the store (Matusek & Co.) for nine years, looking for a job. They clash from the very beginning, mostly through a cigarette box that plays music when it's open - he thinks it's a crazy idea; She makes a big sale and gets a job. Their battles lead them through for the next six months, although both (unconsciously, of course!) They fall in love each other when they share their souls and minds in letters that passed through Po Bok 237. The whole film is based on, except that SHOP AROUND THE CORNER professionally revived with a brilliant supportive composition composed of completely attractive characters, from the fatherly but lonely Hugo Matushka (Frank Morgan), who finds out that his shop is indeed his house; Pirovitch (Felik Bressart), King's assistant and friend who always skitters out of the room when faced with the ability to be asked for their sincere opinion; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), who ultimately receives his supremacy from the glorious Coral; and ambitious boyfriend Pepi Catona (Villiam Traci) who does not want anything more than to be promoted to the position of Matusek & Co officer. An ungainable love story between 'Dear Friends' is played in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary, where King's endless layoffs and subsequent progress in the sales manager help two loving birds. It's nice that everyone gets a story in this movie; support signs are well developed, and Matusek's own journey in life is almost as touching as what Alfred and Clara share. Calling a new boy to the task of Rudi (Charles Smith) for a dinner on Christmas Eve, made in the swirling, beautiful snow of the Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; we come to care even for characters whose love story is not the job of this movie. Except for a love story, I have to say that James Stewart is really one of the best things in this movie. In this film he does not play full-time Jimmy Stevart (c / f 'Mr Smith goes to Washington' for that); in fact, Alfred Kralik is spiky and sharp, not particularly polite. He is a pretty rough man, in fact, with a slight hint (all the way to, perhaps, at the very end) of an unusual boyish charm, Stevart would soon come to the patent. When Clara finds out that they are secretly in agreement, in fact, Kralik is not recognized - he waits to see how far he can accept the charade, especially because he quickly sees (in view of his stormy relationship). with Clara as a boss and subordinate) to love a person he knows through exchanged letters can not be equated with the love of the person himself. His description of Clari's fictitious Matthias Popkin (as his name is!). Which will become her bridegroom is extremely hilarious, but also his way to prove that the letters do not reveal everything that exists for a man, just as her letters do not reveal everything that is to her. Stevart plays this role perfectly - keeps his face perfectly controlled whenever Clara offends Mr. Kraliak, as is often a habit, even (and especially) on his face. Still, under brutality and professionalism, he believes that he * could reveal his identity with so much seriousness and sincerity and pure hope * as he ultimately does. Particular attention should be paid to other members of the acting team. Margaret Sullavan is pretty much smaller in the first half of the film, but she really comes to her stage at the final workshop on Christmas Eve, when Alfred's vivid description of love mail in her mailbox is almost broken again. Frank Morgan turns into a jealous Hugo Matushka, who is led to a nervous breakdown, a man who has to rediscover his sense of life when he realizes that his wife, 22, does not want to "grow old with him." And Felik Bressart plays the role of a meek but loyal Pirovich beautiful (Lubitsch regular, since he appears as a hilarious Russian ambassador to NINOTCHKA) - a special highlight is the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfredo get a Christmas present. The last * really * wants ... the wallet instead of this funny cigar closet Clara is so down. Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of this film - for example, the famous luxurious and pedantic attention devoted to the details in creating Matuskek's work is worth the effort, all the way to the Hungarian names at the door, the goods and the cashier, and so on. But even though Lubitsch decided to post the story in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: it can happen anywhere; can happen to you. In this lies the charm of this simple story, these convincing characters who are really * people. Snow on Eggland is also real, or at least as Lubitsch could have done (he had snow machines that were brought at a high cost). It is this desire that everything looks as realistic as possible, which helps the story to be even more convincing, giving the film a dreamlike realism that can not be repeated. (No, not even remake as you received a message) * This is really a Christmas movie about Jimmy Stevart that people miss when they say it's a wonderful life. Not to diminish the merit of that other film, but there would be no harm, and actually a lot of good, done in SHOP viewing OKO KUTKA this Christmas. It's sweet, fun, charming, and Stevart is flawless in his role. We should all be so happy to have the romance shown in this film; The best thing about this movie is to get away from that feeling that we are very likely.
