Much about love and life can be learned by looking at people in SHOP OKO KUTKA. With a sparkling dialogue (thanks to longtime associate Samson Raphaelson) and wonderful performances from actors of talented performers, he created a truly memorable film. Always believing in the intelligence of his viewers, and favored sophistication over slapstick, the director invented a scintillating movie reporter spiced with such an elusive, mysterious quality known as Lubitsch touch. Although the story is set up in Budapest (and among the actors there is an impediment to the accent) which has no significance. The beautiful simplicity of the plot is that every major American city or small city can easily be a place for action. Jimmy Stevart and Margaret Sullavan are wonderful as officers in love with romance, and then with each other - not knowing it. Their dialogue - so adequately treated as being completely natural - perfectly conveys their confusion and silent despair when searching for soul mates. Their is one of the classic love stories in the cinema. Cherubin Frank Morgan has a more serious role than usual, and this is the case of a man whose transient meaning in his little world is broken when he finds himself a cuckold. Successful thief of the scene, he does not allow emotions to escape. In addition, Morgan gives the film the most joyful few moments - at the end - when he finds that the newest employee of his shop, the impoverished youth, enjoys the unforgettable Christmas Eve. Joseph Schildkraut adds another colorful look to his list of portraits on the screen, this time as a wandering, lucrative Lothari who fully deserved him a punishment. Mild Felix Bressart has his best film role as a family man who really can not afford to get involved in commercial intrigues but remains a solid friend to Stevart. Sara Haden has a small sales role role. Villiam Traci is hilarious as an ambitious boy who takes advantage of unforeseen events to be used for sale. In small roles, Charles Halton plays a stupid detective and Edwin Makvell appears as a pompous doctor. Film friends will recognize Mari Carr & Mabel Colcord - both non-voluntary - in their own scene as Grandma and Aunt Miss Sullavan.
