Like the duo of comedy, Sunshine Bois became a forgotten classic 30 years later. It is barely mentioned together with other great 1970s film comedies. This makes no sense with regard to the particularity of this film, perhaps the best that Neil Simon ever wrote. Walter Matthau plays Villi Clark, once half of the legendary comedy guitar known as Levis and Clark, now a bitter 73-year-old solo actor who can not get a job in a chip advertisement. His nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) is sure to get a job if Villi agrees to reunite with his alienated partner, Al Gore (George Burns), for the ABC-TV celebration of the nostalgic show of the business. Nostalgia is what "Sunshine Bois" works for her in peaks, from the very beginning when a series of 1920s movie films that have been displaying various entertainers since ancient times flickered before us with Cole Porter's escort " Be A Clover ". Then, there is the current setting of the movie in Manhattan, where abundant pants and wide polyester ties are abundant. The periods clash with Villi's magnificent disorder in Manhattan's flats, where framed photographs and cartoons of long-dead stars look from the walls in terrible tabloid titles and empty frog bags. If you were seventeen like me, you might even feel like you were in that apartment. The villa has obviously lived there for a long time. He sleeps in front of the TV when the teapot in the other room lifts. The villa wakes up and takes the phone. </ br> "Hello, who is this?" Pause. "It does not matter, it's tea." Older people living alone can be sad materials in almost anyone's hands, but Simone's clever spirit and unmistakable sense of character turn this adaptation of his 1972 scene into a comedy of gold. The unbelievable thing about "Sunshine Bois" is how much it rubs your noses into Villi's almost existential state without shutting you off at all. "It's 89 years and so, it's dying from nothing," says Villi, about an old friend who wrote the song, before deciding that a man probably died from writing a song that rhymed the "lady" with the "baby". Burns won Oscars for his underestimated performance as gentle, but pure Levis, but Matthau is the one who brings this house, his makeup and a proud but dashing nose that really sells you to the idea that he already had 73 year when he did this. The villa is repugnant in extreme situations, deserves Ben's description of the "crazy" old man, "but you torture him through it, enjoying his little victories even when they come at the cost of patience of others. And his lines kill you, especially when he tries to kill Levis, for whom the reunion of TV turns out to be a bad idea. <br /> <br /> "Missing You!" Villi tells Lewis at one point. "I'm still in demand. I'm still hot!" "If this room was lit, it would not be hot," Levis replies. Director Herbert Ross records everything in a very casual and undervalued way, with low light and medium-range recordings even in emotional moments, leaving room for comedy and the entire woman's message of grace through quiet acceptance. You never get the feeling of watching a movie, one of the many spells of "The Sunshine Bois," and Ross's direction, as well as the acting of the three principals, is making much progress toward that goal. Comedy is heavy, especially when it comes to people who watch their life go, but "The Sunshine Bois" makes it all a pleasure, because, for us, it is, it is.
