I just watched this wonderful Japanese feature film at the 5th annual Roger Ebert Overlooked Film Festival at the Historic Virginia Theater in Champaign, Illinois. Although this film, with subtitles in English, has a dance game as a heart, the film actually shows the world outside of Japan that the rigid structure of family, employment (salary) and recreation still exists in modern Japan. Writer / director Suo Masauki [accompanying Japanese customs of representation First and last name (last name) and name (last) use not so popular topic of dance dance to show the social structure of Japan. [Also, I will not use the names of movie characters when world readers may not be familiar with Japanese formal names that I can confuse. I will look at the actors by their professional acting name as indicated in the Internet Data Movie Base. He appropriates the help of his real wife, professional ballet dancer Kusakari Tamiio in his first and for now only a movie. She is a dance teacher in her father's dance studio. Nevertheless, her true ambition is to compete once again at the International Dance Contest, from which she was disqualified in the past. No, I will not say "why." Watch the movie. Salariman Iacusio What is the main star of the movie. A veteran of around 25 films since 1979 gives a great performance by a forty-year-old composer who has a beautiful wife, a daughter to a teenager, and has just bought a house of his / her. Still, something is missing from his inner happiness. Watch this movie to find out how it becomes "involved" in dance dances and secretly go to lessons. Most dance characters are liberated from the traditional Japanese hierarchy of the social structure. Friendly, warm and appealing. Of course, this is in sharp contrast to the way in which Japanese society is structured with the philosophy of "place for everyone and everything in its place". The film has so many funny moments. Almost 1,500 theater performers smashed spontaneous laughter during many comedic moments. It proves that comedy has no foreign language. The veteran actor Takenaka Naoto is ridiculous and brilliant as Vatanabe Eriko. These are two fun acting actors. You could buy and read a college textbook related to the structure of life in Japan, or, you can watch this fine movie and begin to understand how People in Japan grow up in a rather rigid social structure. Watching the movie "Do we want Dans?" is a quick immersion in further study and watching other Japanese films. I recommend this film to everyone. It's funny, charming, you'll cry a little, and it will warm your heart. <br /> <br />
