This is a lot of big spoilers, so be careful. "Prik de Beaute" always suffers from two films that Louise Brooks made with GV Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "The Lost Girl's Diary", but in a way, "Prik" is essentially a Brooks film. There is a chance here to be charming without the dark side of Pabst's cooperation. What "Prik" has in Pabst movies is not music. In this early French film, the entire mystery of Louise Brooks is strongly enriched by linking images, songs and music. Charlston is what connects most with Bruce (she was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is more powerful in tango. Tango also plays a role in "Priku", as the music she danced at her short ascent to fame after she became Miss Europe. Later, when she left her glory for the benefit of her daily life as wife of the jealous husband Andrea, the longing for her abandoned fame becomes evident when the same tango record is seen on her apartment. So suitable tango Brooks is used to accompany a documentary about her life, "Looking for Lulu," a film narrated by Shirley MacLean. The daring and powerful tango quality embodies Luiz Bruks' strong, yet elegant and erotic individuality. The song, "Je n'ai ku'un amour, c'est toi", adds a huge amount of pathos to what is not an excellent film (but very good). Otherwise, Brooks's voice was not named for Edith Piaf's film, as some claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. The song, however, is what Bruce's character, Lucienne, sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to cheer him up and express his deep love for him. And at the peak is the song she sings for her screen test, which she sees with producers and managers who intend to shape her career. It continues on the screen after Andre's husband, who accompanied her to the shooting room, shoots and kills him. In one frame, while Lucena's dead body is at rest at the bottom of the screen, while her screen test continues up with a song she once sang to Andre, it is important to describe the essence of what films work in other art forms. While Andre watches his dead woman snap to his screen, the murder weapon still smokes, he subtly laughs. She is now his forever, and by association, ours. Incidentally, Louise Brooks experienced a career in real life that collapsed and set off after "Prik de Beaute," and that was the death of her final acting role. This film really seals the Brooke mystery more than Pabst's films (which are undoubtedly superior films). He also points to movies that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of movies - where people like Brooklyn, James Dean, and Marilyn Monroe live more intensively after their death than when they were alive.
