The story of obsessive love is pushed to its borders and beautiful swans whose beauty is the real ticket for her premature death. Located at the beginning of the speaker, PRIKS DE BEAUTE is walking a thin line in being a completely silent film - still in the heart - and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a little irritating to anyone who enters this movie because the recorded sound is extremely tenuous and simply does not help. Hearing sound at the conversation stage arranged at the beginning of the sequence taking place on the beach, for example, is part of the movie as an actress who calls Louise Brooks's dialogue and thus deprives the audience of fine performance. In addition, the film is recorded more or less well, with small jumps continuously there and there - something quite common in films from this era - and has this vague, quickened feeling typical of silence. In a way, this is an experiment of the film, and closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in a visual presentation and almost intimate close-up plans that raise him from the pedestrian level. Louise Bruce plays less artistic character than what she was known to be: she is a stenographer who decides to enter the beauty contest on the horizon despite the fierce opposition of her extremely fussy boy. Her role is pretty thirty and contemporary for her time; The last role played by flags / jazz babies appeared on the screen, and now, with the beginning of women's independence, women as professionals were featured on the film. That Brooks character decides to leave his boyfriend (even if he later "reconciles" with him) is also a bit ahead of his time. However, the fatal disadvantage of her character is willing to believe in what is not there - that her boyfriend wants to succeed - and that's what leads to her end in the cinema. This last sequence looks like something directly from Hitchcock in its heightened uncertainty (see IN A MAN WHO KNOWS A MUCH) and cuts out of Brookes, her picture on the screen and the killer boy. Even more dramatic is the placement of the still-live "Brookes" with the already dead - a cold effect in a cold, powerful movie.
