We've seen a quiet version of this movie, and it's just beautiful. It's very difficult to see how a sound version could be made, since it was shot with a clean silent technique, long without words, without one intertext - except for a few disturbing sequences where Louise Brooks, playing French typography, is quite visible in English ... The only section that apparently cries for sound is the final scene, where Brooks watches the jury for his "sound movie" test: a video that is constantly playing in the background while the action takes place, with mouths moving in endless, quiet songs. I was not surprised when I later learned that this passage in the "talkie" version is praised as an example of a new technique! In the sunny beauty of her introductory scene and the fairy-tale of what follows, the film resembles a dream. As a movie "Louise Brooks" was not what I expected, either from its Hollywood comedies and from GVVabst's German melodramas: I found myself more fluid and pleasant than I myself, and Brooks itself is a different creature, firmly laughing at the young animal, and not a vampire from a shop window or a manipulated doll. But what gives this film more depth than at first glance seems to be an unexpected second half; rejected by the rich parasites who gather around her beauty, the poor princess returns to a tear-gang with her modestly born true love ... and the story might possibly end there. Fairy tale, however, turns into a tragedy. Diletant Grabovski, sure of his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is still too correct in his self-interested prediction: young lovers can not make each other happy - and, ironically, Andre has the right not to believe in social influence. The beauty contest: after the celebration of the glory of her moment, Lucienne is disturbed by her despair over the boring routine of marital life, while her husband, for his part, is wild because of any reminder of the whole thing. If this was a simple case of a wrongly married marriage, that would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. In many ways, "Prik de Beaute" reminds me of Murnau's "Sunrise". But if so, the fairground and scene of the photographers here would form a distorted picture of a mirror of joyful reconciliation in "Sunrise"; I do not dream, but alienating the nightmare. And the next day's dawn does not bring a miraculous gathering, but an empty bed and an abandoned home. Leaving a letter to say that he loves him and will always love him, Lucienne vanishes again from Andre's life in search of light and freedom; and this time it will never come back. Gossip columns confirm all Andre's worst beliefs as he finds out where his wife is through reports that link her name to Grabovsky. When a young worker penetrates into the sumptuous sanctuary of the examination room, it is with a pistol drawn - that his rival admires her and laughs at laughing Lucienne, the same woman who promised her immortal love left him. He is killing, but even while killing is flooded with a vivid picture on the screen, Lucienne in his transformed glory as he had never seen. Two women were opposed in an endless, powerful moment, as Andre was seen, caught, without resistance, and retreated: the dying girl and her singing self were projected above, caught ignorance out of time in celullary eternity, playing on unconscious life or death or love below her ... The main incompatible element in the film is the character of Andre's associate Antonin, who seems to have no role to play except that the crime of contemporaries is licensed. He is an ugly man who can never get a girl, an inconspicuous weakness that falls and tortures in the washbasins and at work, and must take all this with an insecure smile in his hopeless hope for social acceptance: a typical product of violence over the more talented and popular, in other words, but one audience was obviously invited to laugh together with their torturers. If the intention was not to expose the protagonists to the darker side (for which I do not see any sign), it seems that the character exists only as a comic relief, but a comic relief with a very nasty edge. When we know him only as an incompetent Peeping Tom on the shore, it is easy to laugh, although the revenge of others seems a little above the top; when we discover that he has not accidentally met a foreigner, but Andre's colleague and regular assistant, continued attacks quickly cease to be very funny. But the pictures remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
