Luiz Brooks gives a wonderful performance in this well-made French melodrama. She plays a typographer called Lucienne, who, despite being in love with a man named Andre, dreams of raising her position in her life. She sees an opportunity in the beauty contest for Miss Europe, but Andre is angry when she finds out that she is in, and then asks to retreat. She tries to withdraw her entry only to find that she has already been selected for the Miss France and will now go to the main election. This is a story of love, loss, and decision to play a passionate end. The film was very vigorously shot by director Augusto Genine and film rigs by Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee. The style of shooting more resembles modern films than Hollywood films of the 1930s and shows the different style used by Europeans. There are many quick cuts and travel videos, mostly made with great skill and faith. The high energy of the first third film is slightly reduced in the middle, but it reappears in the last 15 minutes. All the principles were very good, but Louise Brooks was especially memorable. . Luiz relies heavily on her silent screen skills, although this is a conversation, but because her silent style had a surprisingly modern, understated feeling, she goes very well into the talkie. The long early scene at the fair was particularly fierce because Louise used her expressive eyes to convey her growing feeling of misery and alienation, to be trapped in a life she no longer wants. I doubt that this has ever been done better. The film relies on top finale, skillfully captured, powerful and elegant. This is really one of the best things in the early days of the movie. And the tragic story only emphasizes the greater tragedy that this is the last acting role of Louise Brooks. She was not just a beautiful beauty that looked fantastic in a swimsuit, she was really a great acting talent who basically rejected it all. We're all poorer for that. This film is less famous than its German films with G.V. Pabst, but I think it's better. I think this crew is just better in storytelling than Pabst, and although Prik de Beaute may not have the deep moral complexity of Pabst movies, it's much easier to track and overall is another simplified, focused part of the job. And it does not hurt that Louise's singing works are done by Edith Piaf, too. Basically, this is a classic Louise Brooks movie worth looking for.
