I'm a fan of Mitchell Leisen, so there was great expectation that I rented this movie, but the print I received was extremely bad, so out of use and burned seemingly irreparable, the film was so dark. So grim that in some scenes that were shot in the dark, you can not see any thing. However, I believe that I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. It starts unusual and does not stun the lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood movie. Not even your typical Hollywood movie of any age. The director appears to have been influenced by the Europeans, because there is a certain caustic realism in the process from the introductory footage that is made in motion and camera setup like Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurrai). Half you expect them to start singing "Make believe" from Shov boat. He begins with a few laughs and poor Entoni in a scene in which he does not speak the word of an English guy who has slapped Freddie. Skids is a bum which does not care if it's a bum. That's why he is applying for an army where he can hide from the world. He was just released, but in the script set, he missed his ship for New York. This is the moment when the movie is moving at a high speed and we begin to receive those French vibrations from the sixties in the whole process. The scenes were so good at Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film gets pulse. MacMurrai is also good because he and Lombard fall for one another while nurturing his talent for the trumpet. Then there comes a temptation in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with the plot. The film has fantastic assembly sequences that amaze me. They are very good. And in this film, Lombard gets a home run, but in the second half he's called Freddie and no longer delivers goods. With a very melodramatic ending and an actor in which you do not believe, the film is short, but since it's not your typical film in the structure, set design and direction. Worth a look. For what it was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. I do not know the exact rank.
