The first time I came across this movie when I read the book (written in the 1970s) about the career of Mitchell Leisin. I have to admit that I have watched many of his films over the years and that his best work is really high quality. SVING HIGH, SVING HUNT was supposed to be one of his best. Although it did not bother me, it did not impress me as much as HOLD BACK DAVN, SMRT TAKES HOLIDAY, CITTUS or even GOLDEN EYES. I suppose now there is too much time to like them. Work in Paramount Leysin had a problem in the films he worked, and who were musical. Most of the results he worked with was central. The truth is that two of his films appeared in his films, but these were rare cases: "Cocktails for the Two" appeared in the Accident Ending, and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREI, USA. VANITIES were forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only tune in CAPTAIN CAREI. It did not have to be this way - Leisin's studio worked for Rogers and Khart for him in the early 1930s. Why could not he be assigned a project with them? The result for SVING HIGH, SVING LOV, is pleasant or forgetful. Unfortunately, the film is centered on the world of entertainment, as Fred Macmurrai shows great talents as a trumpeter (even for Carole Lombard in his act by looping around his hands when blowing the trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how her love affords delight, is important for the plot. She works in the film, but it would be better if the song was more memorable. The film has a picnic style - begins on the ocean liner where Lombard works, like manicures. Her boss Franklin Pangborn (a ship's hairdresser) is constantly bullied. Then the ship enters the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurrai as a soldier, which is about to end soon. Their first scene together has a nice Leisin touch: MacMurrai talks to Lombard, she on the deck of the boat and on the edge of the lock wall. A nice way for the action to take place while the dialogue reaches a dull track. The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurrai) as he meets Lombard and begins his reputation as a trumpeter, but he sees the "other woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film deal with the collapse of relationship with Lombard, and his collapse as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and the need for alcohol is very unusable for the MacMurray figure - even his darker figures such as Valter Neff or Mr Sheldrake or a naval officer pushing Caine Mutini has not shown that she relies on alcohol. Lombard is as good as a woman liked, but she was wrong with MacMurrai, but her attempt is to re-attract MacMurrai. introductory bit, Pangborn is fine, rarely seen in movies, little actor Car l Judels is effective as a fan of a good time / friend of MacMurrai, it leaves him falling (although he gives him a hand). Charles Buttervorth is so trivial in this movie as usual, but he has a moment when he looks at the rugged keyboard piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend, MacMurrai, and the Lombard part - his red appearance is due to the shame of the lies that MacMurrai insists on.This was a nice, subtle moment.It was only his subtlety that was in his acting, not in his moments of uncertain humor.
