100 black and white half-hour episodes of Mr Peepers comedy from the early situation were originally broadcast on 1952-55 at NBC. Like many babi boomers this and "Ding Dong School" are my earliest memories of television. Since both of them later appeared in the syndication, it is difficult to say how much of those memories are actually related to original shows. "Mr. Peepers" is worth checking out more than the nostalgic value. It represents a very different style of situational comedy from shows such as "Honeymoon" and "I Love Luke". At that time, the genre could go in two different directions and ended up taking the loud abrasive road of these two shows; which is probably the reason why they still look modern. "Mr. Peepers," who was differentiated by his intelligent, restrained tone, may appear slow and boring in comparison. But it's actually more a matter of customizing a different style. When you enter the characters, you will win the most intelligent viewers. The credit should be given to the producer of the show, Fredu Kou, a key figure in early television whose drama anthologies are also worth checking (Philco Television Plaihouse, Lights Out, Plaihouse 90, Producent Shop, , "Fireside Theater", etc.) Even on chinese cats. "Mr. Peepers offered a much more gentler style with Valli Coco (to be "Underdog" a few years later) in the title role, Robinson Peepers, a mildly educated high school teacher. His glasses were his trademark and symbolic connection with his name and the role of passive Tony Randall was playing his best friend, Harvey Veskita's history professor.Jack Vorden played Frank Vip, a loud teacher of the gym, with mild violence showing most of the elements conflict. Post is a competition in a love interest involving the school nurse Nancy Remington (Patricia Benoit), with viewers who quickly agree with Mr. Peepers who looks much better for the gentle Nancy. Their exclusive marriage at the end of 1953-54 attracted national attention, an early version "Who killed JR?" "And again, what do I know? I'm just a kid."
