Neil Simon has ODD COUPLE set up a model for many of his later plays. Felic Unger and Oscar Madison were inadequately paired roommates in the original, and the first one was picky and tidy, and the other was vague and loose. Simon will overwrite (less successful) performance of the nineties as the NEW ODD PAR, with female roommates. He made it a mixed couple (a woman with a daughter and a man) in THE GOODBIE GIRLS. He also gave him additional crafts in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOIS, hit on Broadway in which actors Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Levis and Villie Clark, old, half-retired Vaudevillians. Here the problem of the "apartment" is reduced to the association of two men who can not stand each other. In the 1976 film, Valter Matthau acted as Villie and George Burns Al. In reality, Al probably does not think completely bad about Villie-Villie who is pathologically on the subject of Al. The first Al had little habits, as he accidentally slowly spat when pronouncing words starting with the letter "t", and slightly hitting Villie with his index finger on the stage. Secondly, Al withdrew when his wife died. Villie was not ready to retire (and forced his nephew and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) to help him in commercials), but Villie can not remember the lines, unless they are funny, and are constantly fluttering them. He can stay until the end of the advertising probe. Ben is asked to collect together two scenes for the live scene of their most famous sketch on a television show about American comedy. bring Ala to see Villiers, and sparks start to fly, because he can not even understand what else is (and that's just a rehearsal. Moreover, Villie insists on changes (less, but they reject Al) as he says "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door The initial rehearsal is unsuccessful, but Ben is able to get them to the show. The question is whether it will end the scene in the finished program or Will Villie grind Al's neck? Three Leads, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, agree well with a one-layer, constantly resembling a patter patter (example: "Pain in the chest ... I get pain I'm coming in here every Thursday and I get chest pains! "" So come on Friday! "Benjamin tries to prove his deep love for his uncle, although Matthau's coarse outside scalp makes it difficult (he only smoothes when he talks about glory Mato understands the reality (initially) of Burns, who seems humiliated by his repetition - but in reality Matthau's refusal by the world that once applauded him makes him less willing to behave properly. Burns is not senile - he takes things slowly, but seems to be much happier in accepting his retirement. This is called the ultimate "Traveling Discovery" for our modern Levis and Clark. old skates, because they gradually realize they have more in common in their age than they thought. Even the distraught Villie admits that Al can be (for him) a pain in her ass, but he was a ridiculous man. Br /> Burns was not the original choice for the "Al Levis" part (apparently Dale from Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. Benny would probably have done a good job, but bad health had expired (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last role in any film was THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as a storyteller) turned into such a fine performance that she won the "Oscars" for the best supporting actor and will have a career in the films of the next decade movies such as OH GOD!; O God, you are the Lord; and GOING IN STILE. He died in 1996, 100 years old, proving he was more than a brilliant real man for his wife, Gracie Allan.
