We tend to forget that the economic / commodity context of past centuries has led to more than well-organized estates, triggered by large groups of enslaved people, and a lot of money for white owners. This led to a group of people being caught in the middle - the offspring was due to the slave owners intervening with their female slaves. Some of these children became more slaves, others were free ... but free and colored, which meant then anything else, but in relation to their size. The class formed around these descendants - the gens de couleur libre or the free people of color - and this class was able, to a certain extent, to possess property, to rise from the underprivileged to educated, and to attain comparative dignity. In other words, they were not slaves, but to a certain extent they were still exploited. Women often lived as lovers of white planters and rich men planted in their own homes, with the addition of education paid for their children, and some kind of nobility, depending on the reputation they chose to impose on their families . In essence, they prostituted themselves to ensure their prosperity, and relative independence from work - an arrangement called beaching. the result of such an agreement with the local gentleman and people who touched their lives, both in a negative and positive way. The story was for me an eye opener, New Zealander, without the right conception of black and white lines, let alone gray areas in the middle where the gens de couleur libre cautiously treads. The characters are very three-dimensional and are well performed in this adaptation of the novel, Anne Rice. The pieces are beautiful, the costumes are wonderful, and the brutal way the lines are drawn out, with blurred areas that differed through the conflicts through which the protagonists pass. The gens de couleur libre could not marry the whites, the slaves could not help themselves, and the whites, even those who were sympathetic, could not face the economic reality of working people they were dependent on. I recommend this story, both novel and miniseries, to everyone, unreservedly. If you can not cope with the truth, you will cling to and rise in some parts, because one injustice is equated with the colors by another, both by their white criminals and by their own people. Keep in mind that this is nothing more than a reality, and this story is an absorbing way to learn about it. I know that it can sound impersonal, but this minisery entertained me and fascinated me, the sour taste I found in my mouth on what was happening, and I fully enjoyed it. Watch. If they do not read about the period, because the lesson can be learned from all of this.
