The main problem I see with this movie is its result, which screams with every note: "This is a cheap movie." There is not much to be said here. The result was simply exhausted. Another problem, which I consider quite serious, which involves unwinding the plot near the end of the film (one of the money snapshots if you are willing) is a dialogue between Marthe (Adrienne Barbeau) and Sunflower Man (Richard Ziman) , revealing that Martha is the leader of the experiment. Throughout this dialogue, the viewer is very aware that he is listening to the film dialogue. In other words, the suspicion of disbelief stops here. The integrity of a convincing dialogue between two people has been sacrificed to reluctantly fill in information that filmmakers want to provide to the public. The third problem was the throwing of Adrienne Barbeau. Although I sincerely believe that she is an incredible actress in her opus, I feel that this part may have been too great. The main point of her performance that did not look as if it was a spectrum was through which the character moves through a film from a beloved mother of a concerned family to almost a rambo-like woman on the mission. This aspect of the scenario would be an obvious stretch for any actress, and therefore can not be blamed too much on Barbeau. However, to the extent that she was quite competent in handling her role, I would call it only moderately serious problem in the film as a whole. creep factor, the most memorable during his horror. I feel that the film would benefit from more dedication to these flashes as a mechanism to prevent cracking of the creep factor in the second half of the film. So, which is my holistic estimate of this piece? I would give her a solid C + B-, depending on how much you are willing to give producers to produce this film on a limited budget. Even with two heavy and two moderately difficult problems, the film is based on the firm conspiracy of the Yugoslav side of Nazi mysticism. I do not see any problems with plot development or coherence; the dialogue, with the exception mentioned above, is quite brilliant in places, especially on all important stone scenes between mother and daughter at the beginning of the film; as mentioned above, the creep factor was well developed, if it was slightly physically in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who was also a producer, gave a wonderful performance. All in all, this movie is certainly worth a look - see it with the Nazi you love. :)
