I've seen "Miracles are still happening" at least four times. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. From the very beginning, he has a person's interest. As the movie progresses and the plane collapses, the story becomes very intense as we watch this young girl trying to survive herself and frightened in Amazon after the plane crash in which she is the only survivor. The loss of a mother in this plane crash also makes this film even more dramatic when we see the dangers this young girl had to suffer during her ten days in Amazon. To think that this really happened was just unreal and think that anyone could really survive this is inexpressible as we see wildlife, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife, as well as countless insects. As the movie progresses, we see the many dangers this girl has to face as she tries to follow the river in the hope of taking her to the city. Recalling what her father said that the stream will always lead to the river, and then into an even larger river, which means that eventually it will lead to a community, this young girl follows a small stream that ultimately leads to a huge river all during the film . Sometimes he had to swim in dangerous waters, himself, frightened, injured, always managed to continue. At the end of the film it was obvious that she could not continue much longer because she did not eat in ten days and that she only had water and was very sick and tired of the danger. In the end, when she sees the canoe, she realizes that there must be a village, and men find her and take care of her, and then take her to the hospital where her father comes to see, after fearing that she is dead along with many other travelers . Such a dramatic film and so heartbreaking to see her father's face when he sees that his daughter is still alive all this time in Amazon! Such films are not made many days. I will still see him again and I know I will never get tired! To think that this girl was the only survivor on this plane is indescribable! The fact that it retained only a few very light injuries was even more significant, while all the others on this plane were killed in a terrible fall in the wilderness of Amazon. Great movie, top-notch acting, and one I'll always keep and I like to continue to watch! I'm perfectly recommended!
