It was considered to be the "Swiss answer to Lord of the Rings," but that's much more than that. It's not the answer to anything, it's something new, funny, and sometimes stupid and stupid-but was Monti Pithon different from stupid? The beginning immediately gives a statement that this film is a low budget and is not intended to be taken seriously. Cardboard clouds hit the plane in which the main character sits. But in order to compensate for the lack of special effects, the landscape is a trick. It's absolutely wonderful and stunning - New Zealand needs, Switzerland has everything. What I liked in the movie was a simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that entered into it. It's not great; it still has some good comic parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely persuasive, it is enough to go and see the movie for him, there are some good jokes, some are very ludicrous, some of them will not understand people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having Urukos instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decided to "Puppy", telebobia, take him with him on the road. It's also a funny scene when Rackaroll, a knight fighting the sword, decides to show himself with his sword - and then breaks it into the wall, breaking it. And there is this scene in which "nazgul-ish" characters make a wonderful comedy scene that includes a VC brush ... I did not approve of the idea that the Ring was using Schleimli, the character "Gollum", in order to "lure" the ladies. It was a bit embarrassing. The idea that Lord Sauraus wants to cover the soil with fondue was not so brilliant. Original, certainly, but not brilliant. But most of all I did not like the idea of ​​a homosexual dragon, it really was not necessary. All in all, I recommend watching a movie simply because he is so crazy and totally messy. Do not expect the LotR parody such as "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. But if you go to the flicks thinking that this will be fun evening, without any ambitions, then you will enjoy. I'm not sure if it works in other languages ​​because it lives with Swiss dialects, as well as from jokes and actors. All in all: not the courage of the Swiss crew is that!
