Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very fun. I usually do not like this kind of music stuff, but singing was not as silly as it looked on a box. The film was useful for learning about history, because it was an interesting perspectives of the 1976 Soviet unrest. She showed you things from the perspective of the students in the turmoil and showed you that they are real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, it likes you more as an audience, and makes them more compassionate to them as wholly victims of a white government that you can not sympathize with. Singing students is true because we know that students were singing and dancing in disarray before he became violent. Students' clothing in Sarafina is very similar to the clothes displayed on the photos from the Council. They shot the film in the Council, which is why it looks very precise in many parts. All these things make the movie more precise for someone who uses it to learn about aparthide. As viewers, we must be critical of the way in which the history of Apartheid is presented. As I said before, you become cute towards students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. It also changes some details from other accounts. In Sarafina, she turns into a chaos when a policeman comes to their classroom and shoots students. The police and the army were very aggressive in the Council, but this is probably an exorbitant event. The police and the army fired at students, but there was no evidence that they went to school and that such people were performing. Fighting was on the streets and plunder and crime. This is done in the movie, to make you more comfortable with the students. The movie would be more useful if it had some different information about aparthide. The teacher was arrested for being against the government and her mother going to work in the white house. But there is no information about the government and why they did it or any details about racist policies and laws. - George S, Chris and Finlay
