This film reminds me of the 42nd street in which Bebe Daniels and Rubi Keeler play. When I was watching this film, much reminded me of the 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise, who is a temperamental star and she ends up falling and breaking her ankles, as Bebe Daniels worked in 42nd Street, and the other performer gets the role and becomes a star . This film, like most of the racing films, keeps people watching for great fun. The movies of the race always showed that Black Entertainment was really popular at that time. Dance styles, music, dress styles, you will be liked. This movie could be great to be made in Hollivood, it would have a better scene, better recording and more money to make each movie better. But it's worth watching it because it's good and Micheauk agrees well with the small quantities it has. I have to say from all Micheaq's films, Swing is the best! The film includes singers, dancers, actors and actors who are popular today, but forgotten. Doli Armena, a terrific female trumpet player that can hit the horn so well that you think Gabriel blows a horn in the sky. Sexy, hot dancer Consuela Harris should be ashamed of Ann Miller and Gispi Rose Lee. Adding More Information ... Popular Blues Singer 20s and 30s Cora Green is a film focus, she's Mandi, a good, hard-working woman who does not have a good guy who takes her money and spends it on other women. Amanda Randolph, the curious neighbor, Amanda Randolph tells Mandi what she saw and heard, and Mandi went to the club and caught her man with an attractive, curly woman named Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, Hot-Cha entertainer in the 30s) and broke out. Then Mandi goes to Harlem, where he reunites with a little angel guard Len, played by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle's films. Lena provides Mandi's home, work and helps her become a star when temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I presume she plays two or maybe change her theater name) tries to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena assures everyone that Mandi is right for work, and Lena is right and the star was born in Mandi. High, long, lean, but handsome Carman Nevsome is a cool ambitious producer for whom Lena is also searching. The nice guy Larri Seimour does not play a good man, but after Lena threatened him, he could shape himself. There are several accentuations, but the one I like is the one where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) is late for a rehearsal and goes all the way and then her man comes in and hits her fork, but that's not enough, she's almost arguing with Mandi . Among them there is a big party of choral girls, dancers, dancers, swinging music and blues singing. Even white people watching the party, wondering where Micheauk found them, there's even a scene in which black and white people were sitting together in a club, Micheauk often integrated black and white into his films, he should be praised for such a brave move. This film was the first racing movie I truly enjoyed and helped me to introduce Oscar Micheawk. This film is one of the best genres of the film race, its story behind the scenes of rising and falling business show. Neither these early racing films can be the best, I can not compare with Hallelujah, Green pastures, Stormy Veather, Cabin In The Ski, Carmen Jones, or any other Hollywood movies, but it's great to watch them because their early signs of black film and plus these films provide an insight into black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films gave black people the chance to play people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, stylish and elegant, not just stereotypes or how white people thought black people should be shown as in Hollivood. Most of the actors and actresses of these racing films were not the best, but they were the only ones who could afford at that time, Micheauk and Spencer Villiams could not afford Nina Mae McKinnei, Josephine Baker, Ethel Vaters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rek Ingram , and more of the larger stars, so Micheauk and other black and white film directors would use night clubs in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheauk and others knew that most were not good actors and actresses, but they are used more as an experiment than a real talent, I just wanted to tell their stories, and in turn many black performers could not perform their true talents in movies. For some real acting / acting races, movies were the only types of movies they could get, especially if they did not want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you will be able to spot the real actors / actors from the nightclub artists. These racing films are very historical, they could have been lost forever, many are lost, maybe racing films are not the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies have not started from the beginning. I think that if the film genre would continue, it would have been better. If you are looking for a great acting, most of the racing films are not they, but if you are looking for a real example of black entertainment and how black people should have been shown in movies, rather than watch racing films. There are several fun racing films with good acting actors, the Moon over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Continue Punching, Weekly Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a girl, the Mystery in the Swing, the Miracle in Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which not only has good entertainment but also a good acting.
