I am a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I really like this film, but I would not say this is the movie "The Night of Mother" I read. When people say that Vonnegut is unfilterable, two things come to my mind. One of them is that many of his topics are very close or even taboo, despite accusations that are sometimes used against him to choose relatively "light" targets for his satire. That means less every day that goes through filmmaking. It seems that the directors of these days enjoy breaking the taboo and I hope that the Bluebeard version will now be in production. It's astonishing to think that an innocent work, such as Vonegut's "Siren Titan," would probably have been equally rated "R" if it was filmed when it was released in the 1950s due to its violence, language and sexual and thematic content, even though it is a tragedy that no one came with a script to film a movie. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that some director will carefully watch "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus" there. The other thing is his narrative style, the accumulation of irony on irony by irony, but it's still funny funny. It seems impossible to objectify it, and that seems to be the biggest obstacle to making great films of his great novels, because little authorial comments that scare our response as readers are simply not possible in movies without resorting to overly clumsy techniques such as "talking." Vonnegut he suggested that in the recorded versions of his work he lacked a character, he himself as an author / narrator. With his merit, "Breakfast of Champions" (film) tried to keep the comedy and a bit of sculptor came to his pains. Like the other party made by V "Slapstick" in a more spectacular way. Still, there is nothing wrong with the director giving us a subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother's Night" is a great example of how, as another reviewer said , a good director can add visual poetry to that source, but so much humor is lost, although it's the same story, it's not exactly the same novel I read. If yes, I would probably roll in the passages that were laughing a few times watching him. For the reader of the novel, I think that the smiling can even be finally forgiven. The end of the film, however, is truly sharp, and I think that one of the success of the film is that it can honestly leave you feeling that you've watched someone pass the border between good and evil, and the jury is still out. Standing alone and by itself, worth seeing. Technically, there are some minor but obvious errors, especially in continuity, and it is often too crisp and theatrical, but most of the time guesses an acceptable note and occasionally shows significant imagination and resourcefulness. The act is generally of high order, even if the dialogue according to today's standards is a little stiff. He survives fairly well looking back with the "slaughter-5", and there is actually a little more "well" recorded Vonnegut there, mostly a version of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron", "Who am I this time ? " and some other things such as, of course, an incorrectly recorded version of his very funny but one-time show "Happi Birthdai Vanda June". Also, it was interesting, if it still existed, to be done in the 70's under the title "Between Time and Timbuktu," which Vonnegut apparently did not like, although he was involved in his production, because he thought he had misinterpreted him in his own generalities. He said that he had reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments carried out in HG Wells' story "Dr. Moreau Island", but for many people this served as an excellent introduction to his work. But if movies do not make you want to go to the ultimate original material, they do not do their job. As the man said, more or less, the great performance is in your head.
