It takes a little time to get used to Nebraska's Nik Nolte's views before we can easily accept him as a famous intercontinental playwright. Once you pass by the bar, it turns into a fascinating story about a man who loses as he tries to do well. Nolte, an American, moves to Germany, marries a famous actress and is satisfied with success in every way, until the war is over. He was visited by a cheerful American, John Goodman, who urged him to accept the duty of anti-Semitic radio for the Nazis. Nolte has no politics, but he thinks it's a challenge to write a role that is almost impossible, and then play it alone. Another US secret agent will modify Nolte's radio scripts - inserting cough, sneezing - which will serve as a code for transmitting intelligence to allies. Still, there is catch. Nobody will know about Nolte's real role as a US agent other than Goodman, Donovan, and Roswell himself. If ever it is discovered, the Americans will be denied recognition. Nolte is progressing and his evil shows are very popular in Germany. His adored wife, Sheril Lee, does not know anything about what's happening, nor does she care. Nolte and Lee live in what he calls "a nation of two" several times. The war ends and trouble begins. He was caught by Americans who were bitter about his betrayal. They beat him and left him in the mud. He was saved by Goodman, his "goddess of fairy", who sent him to anonymous existence at Greenwich Village and sent him some money now and then. By 1960, he managed to cultivate friendship with his neighbor, painter Alan Arkin, who also lost his family and claims that the two of them now belong to the secret fraternity. But his location and his identity somehow escaped and he was more or less adopted by a group of ancient Aryan racists - headed by dentists and priest. His house and mailbox are colored with swastikas and accusations. He was beaten by a meaningless former GI. But - miraculously - his beloved wife returned from the ancient Aryans. Another catch: later it turns out that his wife did not like him, but her younger sister from adolescence. The end wrote his memoirs in the Israeli jail in 1967, before he was charged with crimes against humanity. It's not a happy ending. Nolte can talk to, but do not see, the tenant of the cell above her in jail. That's Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann is nice enough. It advises Nolte that it's a bad habit to knock for fifteen hours. "It's important to relax. You must learn to relax." Nolte laughs loudly and yells: "That's how I came." The film is filled with such ironies. At one point in his relaxed conversations, Arkin tells him that "despite everything, I still think that people are good at heart." I do not know if the film was a commercial success, but if it is not, it's something that could torpedo it for a young audience of viewers who may have never heard of Anne Frank, let alone allegedly final. statement in her diary. The fact is that it is a film for adults and adult patients. The story is moving slowly, with very little violence, without hitting the car, without shooting, and people do not seem to be subject to manic voice pressure. Much of that will probably collapse with viewers who do not open up to his thoughtful approach. Nolte relates the war relations between him and his wife as a "nation of two". This is a pretty compact phrase. There is no doubt that anyone could come up with a clear definition, but a little concentration is needed to understand her emotional imports. wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his respect. At one point she stops walking on a crowded street in New York and simply stands there until the dark, when a curious policeman moves him. The reason he stopped was simply there's no place to go. What Vonnegut describes is far more than depression. I do not want to sound lax, but it's a type of feeling that's hard to understand in your youth. Adolescents might like to think they know what Nolte is doing at that place, but it really requires maturity and an accelerated sense of finality that can only bring maturity. When do you go there, you have to bring you? Well, no place will take Nolte.
