I have not yet read Majka's night Kurt Vonegut (although I read his books, all the extraordinary pieces of satire and new works that change the game). After seeing Keith Gordon's film adaptation in his book, it will be a direct obligation to read in the near future. This is a type of material that I'm sure was not made in 1995/96. As a movie, it would be immediately picked up today in a time period when many periods of post / current Holocaust / VV2 films are quite popular. . In addition to being much darker, though even more resonant, about the nature of the role in the roles and the real horror of life with life after the war than say The Reader. It is a very real danger of being converted to war, and that is what is actually being done in the World War II spy. One is that Mother Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity about moral choice and a constant role - even after the end of the war - for Howard V. Cambpella (Nick Nolte), as she is. But it is also a really powerful feat of cinematographic technique. Keith Gordon is not a person I usually think of as a director of really powerful material (more - so I remember him as an actor, which is rather unusual shown with Vonnegut in Back to School), but this is revelation. The story of Campbell is taken as a story about a broken-down life: a German propaganda master ("only the American left in Berlin"), which is actually a spy for the Americans, but he can never reveal his identity, and was before the drama writer who really belonged to the "nation two, "he and his wife (Sheril Lee). He follows him from his prison cell, waiting for the trial in Israel in 1961, when he writes his memoirs and speaks of his disappointment for "pretending" the Nazis, and then in 1960, half-hiding in a flat in Nev Iork, where the Biggest part of the film is taking place. Mother's Night can be quite heavy, as at a level that can be associated with a pianist, but at another emotional-cerebral level from the sharp poetry of this film. Gordon, through Vonnegut, tries to look us strongly in a man who has nothing but the memory (and then later strange transpositions) of his long-lost love in the "sister" who returned to New York, so he is left to himself when his friends with the painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then reveals him as a Nazis in hiding from a white supremacist bulletin, which leads the thugs to their apartment. On the surface, this should be just a simple spy story, but nothing is easy. 'Something' from this man's life is astounding, but in the end he is at his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters that can be analyzed for hours, but the same conclusions can be reached (and, in a way, mirrored the line Goebbels said): the greater the lie, the more people believe it. This is, in addition to those few chosen ones who have started a lie and know its secret and power. But oh, it would be one if it was just a wonderful and tragic-comic story, or the other, if it was showing some truly fantastic performances (which it also seems: Nolte is here in the best edition, and Sheril Lee, whom we could remember from Twin Peaks like Laura Palmer, stuns her in multiple roles, especially in the scene when she discovers that she is not 'really' Helga). It's also a great movie, with great lighting and shots that reflect the state of the mind's character, or just the brilliance or disgusting colors of that time (see the scene in which old Campbell watches the film of his younger self-confidence, the juxtaposition of the face is brilliant). And music choices raise the level of tragedy. It can be argued that some music is too much, but on other occasions it raises material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operatic, solemn about human nature. It's not always easy film. to take it emotionally, and some of the plants have this feeling of "wow" as in every spy story. But this is a Vonnegut subversion that is being held, a way of taking the look and performance, life imitating art by imitating life by imitating death, and turning it into something worth remembering. I still have no idea if the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but at this moment I find it hard to recommend this to anyone who searches for a masterpiece after the Second World War / Holocaust Tales.
