I have not yet seen a movie with Nolte in him that I did not like. However, as he said, he made many films, and I saw only a few of them. In my eyes, I watch the pictures of his performance here and those in "Thin red line". Nolte has a full spectrum of acting talents. When it is necessary to call up the urn as a wounded lion. His best moments are those I keep in the actors: when he only feels through the gestures of his face, hand and body, he does not say anything. When we came to the conclusion that our present generation of actors, to a large extent, does not appreciate what the actor can do without speaking, without knowing the respect of the mastery of Keaton and Chaplin, this generation of actors rely too heavily on the mechanical magic of the computer. Of course, this is also just a sign of the time in which we live. If Chaplin lived in our times .... who knows, he could become a lover in CGI tools. I did not read Vonnegut's novel from which this movie comes to the screen. However, the plot is not so busy or intricate that we can not follow the set path, even with all of its surprises. Of course, at first, this seems pointless. However, this is also not impossible. Think about it for the beginning: a spy in the heart of the third Reich: it's a remarkable life of Fritz Kolbea, the most important American spy in World War II, Delattre and Prichard (see Amazon for more details). Consider: History in Secrecy: Piercing Reich: American Spies Inside the Nazi German DVD (I see this here: http: //store.aetv.com/html/product/indek.jhtml? Id = 75054) It seems that the production of Histori Channel -a. So, is the story funny? Far from being wrong, impossible, no. Back to conspiracy. Nolte's character is recruited and accepts an incredibly dangerous mission, and unfortunately, the script does not give us an adequate reason for accepting it. Was it a sort of passivity, that he was drawn into that role, because he says that it was the best story he ever wrote and that he had to play that role? It's hard to imagine any of us understand. But it was an unusual time and people did extraordinary things. The acting in the whole movie is great and as people have pointed out Alan Arkin, always fantastic, very good in small. The role. I was really shocked by the ending of the film (no - I will not spoil it) and because of that I felt terrible because of the election. Did this man feel that the road was finally over and that he said it all, and that there would still be chapters added to life already filled with many of the burned pages? It's hard to say, but it's really shaky. Nolte gives one of the best performances you can expect .... The movie room makes you wonder about many things. It's very fun and challenging. What would be great movies. A little long but worth it. Otherwise, film music has a selection of one of the best living composers: Arvo Part.
