American drama writer Howard V. Campbell, Jr. (played with Nicole Nolte's obscene obsolescence) happily lives in Germany with her husband actress Helgom Noth (Sheril Lee) before the start of World War II. At the height of his life, Howard is compiled by American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the ally; Warned of the risks the job carries, Howard has everything to lose, but he thinks the offer is irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell is camouflaged with the anonymity of a lonely life in New York, which further diminishes his neuroses. The central question (indeed, the issue that frustrated many critics) of the film and the original novel by Kurt Vonegut is: "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Veida offer us traces, but there is no answer, and this ambiguity DOES NOT know this, what keeps the "Mother of the Night" fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolte shows Campbell as intelligent and confident; To the end, he is either frightened and unsure, or scared and totally sure of his contribution / debt to mankind for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies a certain glittering glare to the pictures of the first half of the film, which complements his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captures Vonnegut's dramatic side. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his lonely apartment in New York (which he gently calls "purgatory"), to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also quite characteristic of the author and provides a temporary respite from the dramatic tension that taking place. The moral (even spiritual) paradox "Mother Night" represents not only a simple resolution, but to a certain extent, it should be left to the ambiguous black and white scenes of Campbell staring into the universe while it is closed Israel suggests that the unspoken contemplation we did not meet because Campbell is a character whose inner work ends with knowing very little about it; the war changes him, returns to America and changes him, and the meeting with the Nazis in New York urges him to extend the facade of his "act" even further, to the point where he can only look tired of the picture on himself on the wall, throwing out an antisemitic bile . Perhaps this is the best reaction we can hope for.
