This magical moment in life, that point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing vortex that marks an adult. . . It's about it. Danni (beautiful game Reese Vitherspoon) is at that moment in life when the movie starts. She climbs over Elvis, playing her boards and preferring thinking of love. Sister Maureen will soon go to college, there's no problem attracting a boy, she's pretty, and she seems to have figured it all out, though not. She comes out with a local loser whose father is also behind her, and she just wants to find a decent boyfriend and be downplayed. Danny, like most young teenagers, wants her to be anybody other than herself, as most teenagers think that those who are simply not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see that she is beautiful too. At the moment when an adult begins to impose her life, she first encounters Court Foster. A recently recently-dying father has moved to their old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He had the responsibility when he was having fun. On one special hot day, he goes to the pond and jumps only to find Danny's skinny immersion. They shout and fight and Danny leaves. But they are seen one day later, when the mother of the court is invited to Danny to visit old friends (Dani's parents). Danni is drawn to the Court, and the Court of Denmark. She is a man and a brave one, she has an attitude and says what is in her mind. The court is 17 and Danni 14 and he knows it, but they continue to approach their days on the lake between the court working on the farm. By the time the Court kisses Danny is amazed. Danny's father tells her to call the Court in the house and he does it. but things are unfavorable to the Court at its "date". Silence, however, was interrupted by his meeting with Maureen who had not seen the Court yet. One glance between them and everything is over. The look of pain and defeat on Danny's face is beautiful in the truth of life and sick at the same time. I will not say the rest of the film, but the film has more than the relationship between boys and two sisters. The majesty of the film is in the presentation of moments of life both beautiful and painful. and the relationship between the two sisters whose love is tested both by the boys who love them and by the pain they have to endure both individually and individually. Danny finally signifies his entry into the world when he sees that the world is unjust, painful, and perhaps even less hopeful than when the film began. Few movies can truly capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of an adult age. This film is the first time I've seen it stuck in my head. It's in my Top 100 list of movies and deserved. I just want more of these films, because if so. . . my faith in Hollywood would be much better.
