When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and it got some good reviews. I watched the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale", as it is so pronounced, and I really clung to it. Since then, I love him. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see this kind of shov. Actors are great as their characters, and I would not want to change them in any way. For those who are not familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies is centered around a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift while he was a boy: he could bring the dead back to life with the touch of a finger. He did this first with his dog, Digby. However, there is a catch: If a dead man is kept alive for longer than one minute, someone else dies. He learned that when he brought his mother back to life, and the childhood childhood child died in Ned's mother's house. The second catch is if they touch the person again, they are dead again, but this time forever. He learned when his mother kissed him for good night. His father took him to the boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. Almost 20 years later, Ned owns a baking baker, cleverly called "Pita Hole". Worker Ned, Olivia Snook (Kristin Chenoveth) is in love with Ned, but Ned rejects her moves, trying not to get close to anyone, learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift Ned has and decides to make him a partner in the resolution of murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when he has expired for a minute, he touches them again, and they solve it. That's what they usually do. During the episodes, murders have very interesting complications, and that's what people expect least. One day, Ned reveals that his next murder is to deal with his childhood soul, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). She returns to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In her place, the funeral director, who stole jewelry from corpses, died. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help solve the killings, he disagrees a bit - we hear him for a while calling him Chuck 'Dead Girl. All this is kept secret from Olive, Chuck's Aunt Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Svoosie Kurtz, respectively), and everyone else in that case, in case anyone is recognized from obituaries, news, etc. swimmers, have not left the house for years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck love to love, even though I can never touch again. This show is funny, it has great characters, it contains great complications, and it will definitely pick you up. I hope it will not be canceled in 13 episodes.
