This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between the style of "Pusing Daisies" and anyone else was not stealing. (Yes, I've seen "Amelie." "Pusing Daisies" is somewhat similar but still sufficiently different to be genuine. Instead, there are too few shows on TV that have this kind of strange charm. ", but" P.D "sincerely comes to this similarity: Brian Fuller has created both shows. (Both shows include the" undead "young woman, for example.) This show never ceased to be funny and charming, and it was always strange , but it has always been humane. I need to say the word about the convention of current stories. Some people are sorry or that there was no moral center in this show, as in the first (and several subsequent) episodes, Ned continues the death of Chuck's father without any consequences. First, this must be a new definition "without any consequences" because, in spite of the fact Ned was just a boy and did not realize that he had caused Chuck's father's death, but he felt guilty at the moment he realized what he had done. Next, a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally confessed to Chuck that his father caused his father's death. Now there is no police that would accuse people of magically causing the death of one person by returning the other person to life, so that the issues of forgiveness and restitution must be taken without social leadership. In other words, it was between Ned and Čak, who was not inclined to forgive Ned. But this points to a problem with the continuation of the story in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's figure at "NIPD Blue" did something wrong and seemed to have pulled out - for the whole year - then he was caught and forced to retire from work (and left the shov). The thing is that viewers should learn so far and not assume that just because the regular character is something wrong in one episode, and is not caught in that episode, he got out of it. It is always next week - and maybe next year.
