I have to say, when "Pushing Daisies" came out, I immediately won in the fairy-tale environment of such gloominess. The narrator made a cake from the whole temptation by making the death of a routine like, so, Ned (Lee Pace) burning pies. And what brought them back to life was equally routine. Trio Neda, Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) and Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel), plus sometimes assistant Olive Snook (Kristin) Chenoveth, who made a musical Vicked with such pleasure) made for some fantastic dialogue and stupidity. Definitely deserves the title of (romantic) comedy / drama. Sun and Even have made it shy and not quite ready for love couples who are still exploring their feelings even though they can not touch - an obstacle that seems to be no obstacle with aids such as gloves, cellophane and weird layouts around the apartment. But despite the inconvenience that occurs while they are doing their feelings about some strange secret that only a few know, they still manage to show their chemistry on the screen in touch with scenes like when Ned gives Chuck hives. The presence of Olive, however, makes some moments in the bakery and unforeseen complications for the couple. The second season was rapidly declining, putting a silencer on the shov that had real potential. On some episodes, the dash is quick and awkward, asking you "what just happened?" both in the total number of dead persons in the week, as well as in the line of accented plots. The addition of Chuck's father and two half-brothers to Ned did not help, and at least one of the lines of action was almost conceived (did not the episode "Comfort Food" feel like the episode "Bitter Sveets" in the fact that a dead person died in the week in a week?). Several moving moments (hives) helped to improve the relationship between Chaka and Ned, but each time they approached, the writers decided to insert another monkey key instead of the relationship developing (Oliver returns from the monastery, Chuck ' with a dead father returns to life and does not return, you get a picture). It's a shame that it did not work, but the concept was good and it looked super-good in a good way, enough Pleasantvilleskue color / happi-smiley goes to incredible scenarios that remind you that it's not "Dead Like Me". Then again, it is in the "Pushing Daisies Time," according to Creator Brian Fuller, so that it makes it convincing again. It should have lasted longer, but at this moment it's just thoughtful thinking. The honor to show every new show is trying to replace this short-lived gem.
