"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV shows of its genre in the last 5 years, whether you agree with it or not. Brian Fuller, the creator, has an incredible creative mind. He is the mind behind other great TV shows such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Vonderfalls" (2004) and others not as big as these, but also interesting "Heroes" (2006). It's a mix of wonderful worlds created by Brian Fuller in previous TV shows, once again mixing an incredible world of imagination with the right kinds of people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that a fairy tale always exists. So, as a kind of fairy tale, you can not expect more from the unreal world and unexpected situations, or situations that are much expected, but not in the way it usually appears. Gift always comes. with a curse, and what's sweet can be bitter. That's right, Lee (Pace), Piedaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift, except that he's an amazing cook: he can give life to the dead with just one touch. It could be a force that everyone would die - or live - because if it is not another simple and very sad thing: he can be eternally dead if he touches it again. The damnation of this incredible gift does not end there ... everything is rewarded and if he brings something to life for more than one minute, another type of person will die immediately. He is the type of unfortunate events in his life in the way he grew up introspektivno, always afraid to touch everything and lose one more thing he loved one day. By the end of the day, she was finally able to come close to her greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if she was not yet another sad fact: she was dead. She gave her life again and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. A true kiss of death. And so this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. When I first heard about "Pushing Daisies", it was promoted as something very familiar (or perhaps some kind of respect) for everything Burton created by "Pee-Vee Big Adventure" (1985) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factori" (2005). Results can not be better. The world around Pie Hole was magnificent. The stories about Ned and Detective Codu (Chi McBride) for dealing with unresolved crimes can be common in television, but it's just a way for people to go through incredible stories about characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoveth) in the beautiful world of beautiful and dreamy pictures that you can feel the taste of colors. Not only that, you are merged into a bunch of incredible and charismatic gentle characters, even those with deepest dark humor. Forgetting the trivial concept of murders and unresolved crimes, the show is brilliant and has won many other things. The actors are here at the top. Lee Pace is gentle, soft, and restrained as he looks for the character. Anna Friel is the muse of the show, and her character should be. But the brightest times are always with actors such as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Svoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoveth (like Olive Snook). Svoozie Kurtz shines with the performance of such a dried character who drowned in an impossible dark humor that could frighten the clown, certainly has the best dialogues, and her expressions and body tongues are hypnotized. But if the best dialogues are given by Svoozie and her character, the most funny moments are given by Kristin Chenoveth. It seems to be constantly improvising, so it's naturally fun that every scene is aside. Kristin shines so great in the show that Emmy's 2009 victory for her role in the show was completely fair and deserved. There is also chemistry between actors and their characters, which are also incredible. No word to express what really is this TV show and what it should be. For those who think that this show is a waste of time or claimed that there is no point in it, surely their minds and return should certainly be opened at a time that they probably had never had: childhood. True TV has never so much dared in a TV show as with this incredible. "Pusing Daisies" was a big step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and his sudden death was a very disrespectful one. The truth is that TV does not respect big TV shows such as those created by Brian Fuller - except for the "Heroes" that is still on the air and far from being so incredible as the rest.
