After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb's main page for "Pushing Daisies", and after I finished watching the last episode a few minutes ago, I thought it was time to say what I mean about the PD. First, let's look at some of the questions I've seen with other people with this show: something like "I expect people who have woken from the dead to have a more realistic reaction." Really, in this show? Pushing Daisies is, indeed, pure and ultimate escapism. It is a color palette, a dialogue that is used, scenarios, situations, music: all this is just an escape from my everyday life. Escape from earthly and boring. Right here Pushing Daisies outperforms extremely well Pusing Daisies is not for everyone: The vast majority of the television audience does not "get it," for some people it's just too stupid. But for people like me, I even watched it from the first episode (Season 2 was "Frescorts") and I was just delighted with the show. Since then, I've bought both sets of boxes and I hardly have been out of my DVD player. Other people I know can not stand, it really looks like Marmite. This show follows the adventures of Ned, Piemakera, with a magical finger, which returns to the childhood of dear Charlotte Charles, working in collaboration with private investigator Emerson Cod, owning a hole and hiring waitress Olive Snook. The main members of the cast are Aunt Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world in which the dead return to life, everything is shown in beautifully bright colors and narrated by Jim Dale. Apart from specifying the basis of the show, I really can not much more praise him, not to say: just watch. Despite the fact that the Virtus Guild of America strike has been recorded, with just 22 episodes ever made, it provides beautiful complex stories, stories, characters and situations, and provides (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, I could say that in the end they were pinned and hurried, but I was still satisfied with the way it came out. Whether it's creative or just pretentious, for many people (including myself) it has made the most interesting and beautiful viewing, and I hope that the future of television will be created so that it is not left to just 22, 40 minutes of memories of what real entertainment can to be.
