Young dr. Fanshave (Mark Letheren), a passionate archaeologist, was sent by his boss to the large house of host Skuire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his task is to find the origin and catalog the collection of antiquities and curiosity of the recently deceased father's tent. Skuire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshave, he did not expect it for another week, but he still greeted him and received his only servant, Patten (David Burke .. from Dr. Vatson fame), to show him in his room because Fanshave must stay for a few days he finished his pretty big task. It seems Patten is not the most suitable variety and seems to be annoyed by the extra work that Fanshave will visit, it means a big empty house that gives him an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshave is a restless species, very neat and precise with everything that has its place, whether it's about his clothes or his books and papers, and he's pretty disgusted with dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is eager to start his job, but finding that his binoculars were damaged in transit, he asks him to replace the couple, The Skuire, who is a modern-minded man, but also seems to be fairly unusual. In such things, he is also eager to get rid of the mess around his house, so he commits and goes Fanshave to the top of the hill, so that he can inspect the estate and the surrounding villages, where the tent has directed him to points of interest, including Gallow Hill, where the locals were hanged by his crimes and offenses, his interest is also assumed by the local abbey described by Skuire as a ruin, but Fanshave can see through the binoculars that he obviously is not, he explores further and pays a visit to the place of the abbey and is shocked by the discovery of several stone remains? Fanshave does not have too much time to think about this puzzle as dark falls, he feels watching him, he feels presence, he starts to see moving shadows in the forest, stunned running home. For dinner he shared the details of his terrible day Skuireu, Patten heard the story and offered an explanation for that. Binoculars! once belonged to a local man named Bakter, who seemed to collect bones and skulls from Gallovs Hill, cook them for some fabrication, Bakter disappeared mysteriously one night, late Skuire bought his things, including a mask made of skulls and some old bacropies of this area. These bacropips fascinate Fanshave while displaying the abbey he saw through binoculars, but finds out that the abbey was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII and that it would be impossible for Bakter to draw drawings, were never less signed and dated by Bacter in recent past, concludes that the binoculars have some special power. That night has terribly vivid dreams, when he wakes up, moves with a binoculars in order to look more closely at the abbey through them, what he discovers surprises him, but has he placed himself in a dangerous danger? Fanshave finally becomes trapped in his dangerous obsession, while darkness falls on a shield, and a search for a foreigner is in search of a missing archaeologist, warning dozens of loud pulls of crows circling over Gallow. in time to help or save Fanshave from his destiny? The Ghost Story for the Christmas series of films filmed by the BBC unfortunately ended the initial series of films with Ice House in 1978, which were mostly based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was revived briefly and fortunately Hill View also marked the return to James's work, whose spooky writings haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who was new to the series, may have worried fans of old movies, but returns to a period that left a later film that immediately sets the tone for a great story about ghosts, his direction is safe because the master's mood remains aloof and gradually it builds a fear factor to a terrifying climax, as long as it keeps what the viewer sees to a minimum, which increases tension and mystery. Autumn villages provide an atmosphere, falling leaves and low-lying suns, which is a disturbing background for the dark events that come. The actors to be said should be beautiful and perfectly thrown into their roles. The idea behind the binoculars is a simple but very effective use of an object designed to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see could even affect Alek de la Iglesia in his film La habitacion del nino (2006). next year, with which she has a striking similarity. I heard mixed reviews of this film, but I must say that I found it at any moment intriguing and even raised several hair on my head and gave me some trembling, something that does not happen much these days, I think any negativity that surrounds the movie can be to be attributed only to his pacing, which in my opinion is perfection, but to the modern audience it will be considered deadly slow. It's a lot of time given, even in a short time of 40 minutes, for character development and expansion of the action, and I must say that this is my new favorite and certainly one of the better films of the decade.
