The new film Pendragon Pictures "HG Vells" The War of the Worlds ", the first true adaptation of the original novel, has been developing for five years. The theater edition was foreseen earlier this year (March 2005), but this never happened. it coincides with the publication of Spielberg's version, which hits the theater on June 29. This movie I liked with certain reservations. Not exactly 100% true to Welsh book, but 90-95% of the believer is good enough for me At least a few scenes were completely new, such as Ogilv's conflict with an astronomer with a farmer m, and an unnamed writer / storyteller of an inconvenient tea with a cousin. But in general, this film closely follows the book - certainly much more than the classic version of George Pal in 1953. It seems that most were shot on a blue screen and compiled from digitally depicted backgrounds.This is especially disturbing during most of the internal recordings and scenes of crowded city streets.Examples of 1898 in London look like something from a video game.A lot of scenes in horse rails were fake - I suppose they could not afford to rent horses. The only scenes recorded for "real" look like those in open fields or forests. But within these budget constraints, they succeeded in doing a lot. Artistic, the movie looks good. Martians and their tripods are pretty well made and are very true to Wels' descriptions. I was particularly impressed with the heat of the air. Although the Thunder Child sequence, which should have been one of the most interesting films, is very disappointing. It is a great pity that you could not afford more real sets or better animation. The action and direction will not win Oscare. They are mostly competent, not bad, but not extraordinary. Music is also pretty good, although it is not at the same level as any of the major Hollywood composers. I'm really pleased that this did not get a theater edition, because the budget constraint would look much worse on the big screen. At this point, I would like to rate it like a BBC-TV adaptation of classical literature. Few sticks: Most scenes are represented by different color filters (mostly red). This may have been an artistic choice, but it's used very inconsistently, and it looks more like a messy job of mastering DVDs. And apparently fake mustache writer / narrator mutates from scene to scene. Lower line - Is it Worth Watching? If you can look through technical and budget constraints, and enter into the story, I think you will enjoy this, especially if you actually read the original novel H G Wells. If, however, you can easily put off cheap production values, it would be best to pass it (unless you are a MST3K fan). Please note, however, that the movie lasts for 3 hours, so I do not recommend watching it in one place. BTV: A completely different version of Var of the Vorlds (called "INVASION") came out on DVD in the same month when Spielberg hit theaters and theaters: http: //imdb.com/title/tt0449040/ . This is also done on the budget, but it's up to date, like the Spielberg movie - but it's much better! And above all, Jeff Vaine makes an animated film of his best-selling album from 1978, but it will not be until 2007.
