In 2005, no fewer than 3 productions of the great novel H were recorded. G. Welsh War of the Worlds. This may be the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of VotV has ever attempted not only to present the story of how Vells wrote, but also to create an atmosphere of time in which it was supposed to take place: last year of the 19th century, 1900 ?? Using the original environment of Wells, in and near Woking, England. IMDb looks hostile to what they consider to be "spoilers". It could be applied to some films, where the ending could be a surprise, but as for one of the most famous novels in the world, it seems positively stupid. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the original works in English literature, so let's deal with the search. Aliens are destroyed by capturing the Earth's disease, against which they have no immunity. If it is a spoiler, let it be; After the book and three more films (including the classic from 1953), you should know how this ends. This film, which mainly follows Wels' work, is also very smartly presented? in a way that many spectators could separate because of their ignorance of the photo from the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century. Although it's shot on a wide screen, the movie goes to a certain level to leave the impression of modernity. The general color of skin and clothing depicts a sepia shade that is often found on old photographs (and not in black). Colors often resemble manual tinting. In other times, the colors are washed. These variations are typical of early films that did not use standardized celluloid material and therefore showed good changes in print quality, even from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white and so on? as you will see here. Special effects are deliberately retrograde, a kind that can be seen even in the twenties of the last century? and yet, Martians and their machines are very similar to what Vells described and have a nearly realistic "sense". Some effects are really inconvenient? such as the destruction of Big Ben. The acting is often more in the style of our period than ours. Some aspects of a Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of pomade or brilliantine on the head and facial hair. This movie is the only one that follows the close of Vells's original story? as specified. The viewers may find it useful to record the plot details appearing here and which are occasionally retained in other versions of the story. Wels' description of Martians? the giant head on numerous taps? is effectively displayed. When Mars machines appear, about an hour in the movie, they give a good impression of how Vells described them. Both Velles and this film perfectly reflect the progress of Martians from a limited perspective (primarily) rural England ?? plus several scenes in London (including a narrator brother). The director is not able to resist showing the destruction of the big bench, but at least not burdened unnecessarily with the devastation of London. The victory of the Martians is barely a surprise, despite the destruction of cannons of some of their machines. The narrator, traveling in search of escape, sees much of what Vells calls the "route of humanity." He encounters a curator, endowed with a Victorian affliction, with a precious and nervous personality. In the end, they find themselves on the very edge of the Martian Nest, where they discover the terrible fact: for the Martians, it turned out that vampires who are consuming their prey live in a very effective scene. Vells adds that after eating, they have established "long-lasting and cheerful". The narrator is finally obliged to defeat meaningless all-hysterical turf? which revives just as the Martians dragged him to the dump (the fans from the gallery, the British curators are often extremely unbearable). This film lasts almost 3 hours, goes through Wales's welcoming story. It is time for the author to get his debt? in a striking presentation that builds a dramatic impact. A word about acting: Do not expect the award-winning performances. They are not bad, however, actors are serious and they grow on you. Most of them, however, have a very short film career, often in this film only. The storyteller is Anthony Piana, in her second film. Curate is John Kaufman ?? also in his second film as an actor, but who had more experience in directing. Brother ("Henderson") in his first film with some conviction played V. Bernard Bauman. Artilleriman, the only other significant part, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. This is a splendid movie, which first shows the war of the worlds, as Vells wrote. Despite its minor errors, it is far better than any of its competitors. If you want to see H. G. Vells' War of the Worlds? not a completely distorted version of it? Check out this movie!
