Imagine that you can have everything you want, go wherever you want, be everything you've ever dreamed - through the thought itself. Now imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such power be worthy of your soul? This is a dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in the "Cage" now a legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Since it is NBC considered "too cerebral" and "too cold" and rejected "The Cage" was too ambitious and most expensive pilot ever made in the history of the network at that time, and Gene Roddenberri did not want all that effort and expense are lost and the result is really true classic episode of Star Trek, which incorporates "the Cage" in the frame story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of these obsessive stories, a landmark in television history and a first serious science fiction stories ever recorded for the small screen. .. Star Date 3012: USS Enterpr is transferred to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock received an urgent message from a former commander of the Enterprise. Surprisingly, the message can not be made by Captain Pike, for now he is imprisoned in a wheelchair, dumb and terribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase Commander Commodore Mendez try to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter gets clear, Spok - for a reason not yet known - is committed to an open rebellion, kidnaps the helpless Captain Pike and the Enterprise Enterprise through a brilliantly thought-out and timely coordinated plan with the help of a few volcanic nerves. Soon, Enterprise is moving towards the distant, forbidden planet Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV of the ban, and any contact with the planet by ships or personnel Starfleet carries an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock deliberately destroys himself, like Kirk, considering that the captain will be responsible for liability. for ship activities. Prisoners, Kirk and Mendez, put a boat in a shuttle, which itself becomes dangerous when Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or pick up a plane until power and oxygen disappear. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one who is following the ship - of course he can not hand over the captain to a safe death. After ordering the craft to return and passengers boarding the ship, Spock discovers what McCoie has done and asks him to be arrested after the ship is set on a non-return road to Talos IV. After retake command, Kirk demands an explanation, and then Spock requested urgent military court before the court Starfleet commander - three of which are on board - Mendez, Kirk and maimed invalid Captain Pike. Spok's encyclopaedic knowledge of Starfleet regulations allows him to manipulate the tribunal to allow him to produce otherwise unacceptable evidence. Spock presents videos of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a trip that 13 years earlier had taken the Enterprise under Pike's command. Kirk expressed doubts about the authenticity of the video because of its extreme detail, but the reality of the events described and confirmed by Pike himself, who appears to be attracted Talos IV call for help from alleged survivors Research Federation that crashed 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Wine, a stunning beauty that is said to have been born just before the catastrophe. Pike was attracted to the girl and allowed her to draw to an isolated place, followed by Talosijci catch and catch, race androgynous humanoid skull with huge capacity and power to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After Pike's capture, the other "survivors" disappear because none of them existed except for the Vine. This episode ends when the court learns that Spok's "evidence" is actually transferred to the enterprise directly from Talos IV, thereby violating the Starfleet regulations. The Starfleet requires the current termination of the transfer, and we are wondering what will happen next ... To continue in the review "Menagery: Part II"!
