The menagerie was the first and the second, it was the only two stages during the three-year running of the original Trek series, which was because Roddenberri managed to capture most of the recordings from the first pilot "Cage". This move was made in an emergency, in order to suppress the deadlines for reaching episodes (such a SF series in the sixties was a hassle for timely execution). One positive result then was that the public, an unconscious pilot, produced almost a year ago, was treated for a brand new team and captain for these two episodes at the top of the regular acting team, as if the producers had doubled. Money on these episodes is a TV epic film that stretches over dozens of years of the Starfleet history (although in those early episodes it continued to use terms such as the United Space Fleet). Mystery Space: Enterprise is routed to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very quickly Spock is suspected of these cunning. Surprisingly, although even McCoie says Spock's volcanic heritage is impossible to pronounce, Spock is actually doing something rebellious scam of our precious ship and kidnaps his former captain, Pike, who is now terribly disturbed. Well, Spock is a half man, we're forgetting. Or was he simply crazy? It could be, because he directs the Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet that limits this to being the only known death penalty on Starfleet books. When the template is raised, there's a great scene Spock surrenders to the abandoned McCoie, while Uhura looks in shock. Even Kirk, usually as stable as the captain should be, does not know what to do from the illogical behavior of his first officer. In the third and final act, we begin to see the transferred images of the Enterprise mission 13 years earlier, when Captain Pike was commanded, and Spock was one of his officers. We really do not know where all this is happening and what Spock hopes will accomplish - and this is another thing that makes this a very good 2-floor - we really need to find out what is being done in Part 2. Not only does Spock face tough punishments, but Kirk's career seems to be over. Double danger, people. This is also the first television episode with one of these shuttles (none was available in the earlier "The Enemy Vithin" when crafts were really needed). There is also one of those neat matted pictures that transmit the ambiance of a futuristic star - that was the only way to visualize such things at that time. Finally, check Kirk's self-inflicted approach at the beginning of the episode - the boy, whether things go sideways to him as the story progresses.
