I have to warn you, there are some spoilers in it. But to get started, I got "Spanish judges" in February. It was said that it was the last copy, but as I see it, it was not ordered. But in any case, I have it. I thought it was good. I wanted to see this mainly because of the great actor, Matthews Lillard (I am surprised that no one in the reviews mentions the scar), although this is a small budget because there is enough money for this film to be worth spending. Man, what a good actor. The story of a fraudster known as Jack (Matthev Lillard) who "claims" to have goods under the name The Spanish Judges. If you do not know what the Spanish judges are or have not seen the trailer for this and this is the first review you read, I will not even say what they are. I suppose it would be a big turn, no one knows what it is. He needs protection, so he hires a couple who are also thieves, Mak and Jamie (Vincent D'Onofrio and Valeria Golino), as well as a thief called Piece (Mark Boone Junior). She has a girlfriend who will not tell her name to anyone because she is from Mars, as she said. So (mostly Jack) was called "Mars Girl". Everything starts well, but then it turns to one big game. A game that involves lust, lies and betrayal. There was something more than that (Matt and Valeria, like Tamara, were not one of them). There were some scenes that they could do better, and the result could have been a bit better. Some of the results were actually good. The theme they used for the beginning and the end (before the loan) was a good selection of songs, that's my opinion. The battle scene in the end could have been a little longer and a bit more violent, but what can you do? Another comment on Matt: Damn, he plays a smooth, smooth man. I know this is a review, but I need to make a correction to NeCor, one of the reviewers: Valeria Golino is not a novice. According to this site, she has acted since 1983. For me, and I hope for others, she is known as Charlie Sheen's Italian love interest in both "Hot Shots!" movies. But a good review. Although I think this is one of the few movies I've seen and is really good (which is why I gave it 10 stars above), I will give an assessment of what I thought when I first saw it. 8/10
