You should not take what I wanted to say lightly. I've seen many, many movies and I've reviewed many of them. So, when I tell you that this movie has one of the happiest scenes I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There are many different opinions about what makes this incredibly stupid movie funny. And for those who just have not got, I can not blame them too much. The scene I'm talking about is about 30 minutes long and includes a dead convict for John Candie. Until that moment, I saw a movie silly, confusing, and he started losing me. When this scene arose, I laughed so much that I was pissed into trousers. I've never done this before. When the project started, "Going Berserk" was supposed to be an SCTV film. I remember that it was announced. As time passed, the actors were shifting to John Candi, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levi. Also, there had to be a regime change in Universal, while it was filmed, because it was shown in almost ZERO theaters after its release. When I looked at it the other time, I listened to a thematic song (which actually flaunts it as an incomprehensible act, in verses), relaxed my logical nerve and realized what was happening. In addition to the aforementioned routine, "Going Berserk" has many other hilarious scenes that it recommends. This is almost 3 Stooges movies, except that it's a lot more fun. Director David Steinberg has a sharp timing, and he must have laughed through all of this. As for Kendi, who is basically in charge here, NEVER was more fun. With all the device for works and scenes of explanation thrown out the window, he absolutely runs. Flaherty and Levi follow him effortlessly. There is a plot, but it's an act like "Animal House" had a plot, and yes, the scenario is uneven and a bit slow. However, when you know it, you can appreciate the full SCTV stylistic craziness that occurs. It's stupid, but it's deliberate stupid, and you need to remember it when you see it. DO SEE, and discover for yourself, if it has the funniest scene of all time in it.
