Oh God . Another example of "Oireland" and religion. There is no doubt that we will see some depressing nonsense involving some "hunters and macho fighters for freedom" from the IRA. That was my first reaction when the loans started, but a little more than an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a super movie The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelli in the fifties of the last century. There is a small problem because they are married in a Catholic church, which is that Sheila is a protestant, but in order to do this, sheila pledged that her children will be raised by Catholics and attending a Catholic school. old enough. The story - set in the 1950s - then jumps for several years when Clonei's daughters begin to go to school, but Sheila decided to attend a local Protestant school to disgust the local priest Father Stafford. From these things escalate Allow me to put my cards on the table and say that, despite having Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestant heritage, I grew up as an agnostic and I was considered an atheist during my adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself to be a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon that is used to manipulate people. A LOT of Love shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians take on themselves to tell other people what to think and believe. Can I say that if Karl Mark saw this film, I would love him and call him a masterpiece? Maybe it should not be because the drama of this story shows what's happening when other people are thinking about you In response to a couple of reviewers who claimed that this movie is the propaganda of the worst kind I claim to know the exact details of what happened in Wackford County, and it can not be denied that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep were portrayed as bad guys, but Sheila was not alone. Think about a woman who lives in a village village of the fifties of the last century. Ireland, which is committed to bringing its children as Catholics, then changes its mind and believes it will not be the result of it? This is a warning against taking over and not keeping them. Not only that, but it disappears in order to allow other people to pick up pieces of their destroyed lives. There is also something that no one else picked up, which is that the only character with any moral sense is the former IRA man Andy Bailey who showed that he was not gallant because he was a former member of the IRA (It does change. We are not talking about DEVIL 'With the OVN here, just because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself LOVE DEVELOPED is a wonderful movie that has a lot to say to myself, with whom I agree. If there is Any criticism, that is to feel too much like TVM, not a movie movie, but believe me that I can live with it and it is important to watch every who thinks religion is opium mass
