I can never be amazed and terrified by the evil that came from the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in the twentieth century of Ireland were at the top of the mountain - since the wisdom of history and modern times should have some sober effect. \ t At the beginning of the film, we are offered a look at buccal life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Clonei are happily married with two young children. Sean is a Catholic, and Sheila is a Protestant, but she does not regret that their children were raised as Catholics. There are no signs of hostility between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships are soon broken when Sheila expresses the desire for their elderly child attending Protestant school. The local priest takes on himself to ban that "sin," and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of villages turn to her as well as her father, a local dairy farmer. In the act of defiance and despair, Sila takes her two daughters and flees from that area. Special attention should be paid to Orly Brady who plays Sheila. It gives an extremely powerful performance in which the viewer is drawn into an emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of a deeply loved husband in order to express her rage of desire to establish itself as independent of the pressure of the institution. On an equal footing, Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, gives a real portrait of a man who is not as complex as his wife who is torn between love for her and the influence of the Church and the community. If fiction is, this movie would be interesting and interesting drama. Bearing in mind that this is true, it changes into a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took almost half a century that the Church recognized its negative role in the events, and although Shila and Sean had lived their lives in that area, they never fully recovered from what the religious leaders and their peasants did. Whether it is about refusing basic rights to education, dropping airplanes into buildings, subordinating women, condemning entire races, or just torturing and killing, we certainly have the opportunity to use religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
