This would require the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare to justify this extraordinary film venture. Still, I'll run it. As for the adaptation of Hamlet, this is already at a better starting point than all other versions because it involves the whole show. However, this is not a guarantee for a top movie, and even not good. I'm usually not much for the films that are too long and the trend that seems to dominate Hollywood today is that the films should last at least two hours, preferably three, which, hopefully, is long. A few stories are strong enough to withstand such an extensive research and can do with some cutting. Recording a four-hour film and his profession is not a small undertaking, but Kenneth Branagh pulls him out with brilliant colors. He managed to make a long film no more than any average movie. I was completely preoccupied from start to finish. The actor is excellent with Kenneth Branagh himself, as a dreaded prince who gives a powerful and unforgettable performance. He manages to convey his feelings beautifully through his voice and does not have to be an expert on Shakespeare's verse to capture the countless emotions that flow within him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to expect. I always liked her as good as an actor, but I was not sure she could play with Shakespeare. Well, she definitely eradicated all doubts with her performance. She's the best Ofelia I've ever seen and borrowed so deep and beautiful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi like Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio, but only a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some internationally famous stars to play some of the smaller roles; Especially I enjoyed the sparring between Hamlet and the graveyard played by Billy Cristal. The setting of the play in the 19th century provides a welcome change in the usual dark Gothic settings. It's generally much lighter than other versions I've seen, more colorful and more luxurious, but it does not separate from the tragedy of the show. It is exceptional, elegant and aesthetically pleasing, definitely a pleasure for the eye and other senses. The music of Patrick Doille is always magical and fundamentally consistent with the film. We feel only a sense of satisfaction after we have seen it. I'm shocked and amazed by the fact that these exceptional artworks did not win the Academy Award for Best Picture, even though it was not even nominated. There is no way that a better movie or any other year was made. This is closest to perfection, as you can hope for. In short, stunning work of pure genius and I can not see how anyone could outperform this. My hat is you. Branagh.
