Many people do not think that Branagov's Hamlet film is so good, but I must admit it's great. Like almost every production of Shakespeare, she has problems and has to make difficult decisions, of which everything is not working. The thing about "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply does not work. This element never achieves the ominous feeling of the metaphor or analogy it is trying to, which in turn has the effect of being too general and losing its sense of a thousand mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And while this is a big problem, I'm also inclined to say that this is the only problem. Almost everything else works absolutely beautiful. Okay, so Branagh is old for the title role. And the relationship with Ofelia seems a little forced. And sometimes it's too hysterical. But that's it. There are no other complaints. Even with these errors, I think that this version is the first thing, and if it's not such a powerful drama as it should be, it's all literary work that should be equally. We got the complete text of the longest version of the play, innovative and expensive to the screen, mostly expressed in perfect and modern and understandable voices - even if sometimes they talk too fast to get massive text. But in the Shakespeare scenario, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough that the audience really appreciates the full depth of the language. To do this, you must embark on a printed version of the play. All actors of this version are simply hypnotic and extreme and currently classical (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best ever, and even American actors are astounding, especially. Charlton Heston as king of the players - who would think that?! (The story happens that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when the critic could not in the first place be able to stand his acting actress and said aloud: "This is terrible!" Heston allegedly replied from the stage: "Well, I did not write this shit ! "Of course this is not true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, the brave and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here." Robin Villiams as "Young Ozric" may not be young enough for a role, but it seems comical , which is justified. All in all, it is a very well-manufactured version, with a majority Of course, I watched this movie just as I became interested in Shakespeare (and at about the same time as Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet), and that left a big impression on me, which, in my opinion, must consider some of my affection for him. Br /> When everything is considered, I must declare Branag Hamlet to my dearest, while the version of BBK Derek Jakovyi is from the 1980s second. I probably like Branaghov Shakespeare's work more than a majority, finding him as a professional interpreter and popularizer, with an appealing, casual attitude towards words and deep and appropriate and shamelessly enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's acting, two of the brightest luminescence remain Olivia and Branagh, and while Olivier is the superior actor, Branagh drops Shakespeare from the pedestal of snobbery and skill, and turns him into a brave, leisurely, populist world in compromising nothing of his dignity. Branagh, I believe, brings a more authentic Shakespeare than the world has ever seen. And so, 10 out of 10 for the absolutely huge Hamlet.
