When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not help but think of the end of the OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler dropped the performance because of how he was undecided and said, "Give me Romeo every day." Five ranks of men trying to decide whether to kill their uncle or not? It seemed to me that I exaggerated. But, after further reading, I became a very appreciated performance. I've seen the movie versions of Olivier and Gibson (and part of the version of Nicolas Villiamson), and they all take their model from Olivier; Melancholy Dane. Olivier at least did it without being self-reliant, but Gibson, and from what I saw, Villiamson, looked like they went to "Look, Mom, I'm acting! I'm acting!" school. Now comes the version of Kenneth Branagh, who takes breath from the beginning to the end. He finished # 2 in my first ten years in 1996 (behind the ENGLISH PATIENT, and in front of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRET & LEFT, EVERYONE I LOVE YOU, FLIRING WITH DISASTER, BIG NIGHT, AND LOOKING FOR RICHARD) is the best Hamlet, and perhaps the best Shakespeare, recorded. It is obvious that Branagin's talent as a director, for making a full-length version, in 70-millimeter press, and not losing our interest in four hours, is excellent, but it seems that in his debates about this film his performance in the title role is overrated. This was my favorite performance of the year. Branagh avoids the melodrama that actors experience as being trapped by playing Hamlet as a normal, normal human being, and make us understand his actions and feelings at every step. And unlike Olivier, who largely depended on his voice, Branagh uses his entire body to show the range of emotions through which Hamlet is passing, but since he plays it as normal, none of it seems to chew the landscape. The rest of the actors are also top-notch. I did not even disagree with Jack Lemmon, although I agree he was the weakest member of the acting team. Most surprising came from Charlotte Heston; I always considered him as rigid as a board, but he is very commander as King of the players. The second big surprise was Billi Cristal; I thought I would find him wrong as the First Crypt, but he was his usual funny self while he was in character. All in all, a magnificent movie!
