There was a lot of things against this movie for me before I watched it. First, I was a typical high school student, I did not even like the Shakespeare class, and even less understood. half! Shakespeare would not be anything more than UNINTELIGIBLE, and I would not get all my concentration into his almost encrypted performances ... encrypted with his extremely difficult to understand the language ... and then I still would not get most of it. Second, there were 4 hours! I never thought it was a good thing. Well, let me tell you something. This film was so crafty, so beautiful, that I actually understood all the language that was being performed. Now, the scenario came to the letters in this film, the same script that I was incomprehensible in Shakespeare's class. And I opened up and understood. I doubted myself as I watched the movie almost! But here's the look ... when it's done, and only then, Shakespeare is reviving. So this version of Hamlet showed me that Shakespeare is indeed a master, who wrote great stories. When I saw him on the big screen, especially in a high budget in the main movie style (with beautiful cinema and photography), he acted incredibly from Brannagh and threw it, somehow .... I understood what was going on. What's said. The language is awesome and passionate. It provides more raw emotions ... when words can not describe anything, maybe Shakespeare's words can. I still hold to this day that the poet of the North Star (animated, English dub) is the biggest film ever made. No movie offers much more fun. But for a movie that approached the detonation of a poem from this position (which Hamlet did - he came close) is truly astonishing ... awe. It was not a movie. It was an event. Even more amazing, it seemed to me to appreciate Shakespeare. Vov. Powerful. It's a powerful word. One of the rare, really powerful movies out there. This will get two hundred trillion stars from the stars of infinity. Yes. By the way, all of you kids there in Shakespeare's class ... forget. You are wasting your time. You need to see the performed performances. Only then will justice be done to them.
