This was the second of the two recorded "Hamlets" in the 1990s, the first being Franco Zeffirelli, starring Mel Gibson, since 1990 Zeffirell's version, as well as Laurence Olivier from 1948, was based on a short version of the show, with many Shakespeare's games. Cut the original text. (I never saw Tony Richardson's version of 1969, but as it took less than two hours, shorter even than Zeffirell's, I suppose it's also shortened). Kenneth Branagh was trying something more ambitious - a film based on the entire text of the play, with a working time of about four hours. With his "Henry V", Branagh claimed that Olivier's crown was the leading Shakespearean in the cinema, confirming his claim with his brilliant "Much Ado about Nothing," a rare example of the great Shakespeare comedy-based film. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespearean film as a director (also playing as Iago in 1995, "Othello" by Oliver Parker) and, as you might expect, is very different from "Much Ado?". The earlier film, filmed in a villa in the hills of Tuscany and a beautiful surrounding village, is a joyful, summer film about everything that makes life worth living. "Hamlet", on the contrary, is set in the depths of the winter. (Flowers in the description of Ofeli's death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the action that took place during the summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, lavish and cool. He was filmed at the Blenheim Palace, probably in England, the most important home, but also quite troubling. Snowy outdoor scenes are cold and winter; The internal ones are formal and elaborated. The action is updated until the middle of the KSIKS century; feminine characters wear a fashioned fashion of that age, while the main men generally wear brilliant military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirell's film, where interiors and costumes are deliberately muted). The play is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branag's intention may have been to contrast the glossy surface with the basic "something rotten in the state of Denmark". The film is famous for a large number of big actors, some of which are very fewer roles. (Blink, and you may miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Obviously, it was a production house, which was nervous about the four-hour film. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, such as Oscar Robin Villiams, did not really separate, but others, such as King Charles Heston or Billy Cristal's first graveyard, played their roles very well. Iorick, which is usually seen only as a skull, is seen here in the flashback, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays cute characters, throws himself against a guy like Ghost, and makes a scene in which he looks truly scary. Of the main characters, perhaps the worst was Ophelia Kate Winslet. Branag's lead lady in his first Shakespeare films was his then-current wife Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in a divorce in 1995. However, I found myself wanting Thompson to fall into the role; although Winslet came to her in the crazy scenes of Ofelia, she seemed weak in her earlier, where her character is still normal. (I loved Helen Bonham Carter in Zeffirell's version). Richard Briers plays Polonia with greater dignity than he's often given, a wise and experienced advisor, not an old fool. Julie Christie also brings dignity to Gertrude's role; there is no attempt here, as was the case with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to suggest incestuous attachment between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that fits Freud more than Shakespeare). The difference between years of Christie and Branagh is big enough to be credible as a mother and son, which was certainly not the case with Close and Gibson. (Olivier's Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was bizarre, thirteen years younger than him). Branagh stated that his intention is to restore those scenes that are often filmed in cinematic versions to "reinforce the idea of ​​playing about national and domestic tragedy." Great emphasis was placed on the war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras - the underworld that Zeffirelli completely ignored. This emphasis on national tragedy may be best shown in the image of Claudius, who sometimes plays as a one-dimensional villain. There is something in the performance of Derek Jacobi who suggests that Claudius could have been a good man in different circumstances, but that he allowed himself to be seduced by ambition and lust. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but he chose to rule as a bad king. Although tortured by him, he sees no way to redeem himself for the evil he has done. Branagh, a wonderful speaker of Shakespeare's lyrics, is great in the lead. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old concept of Hamlet as indecisive, passive and melancholy. He is an active, physically, energetic Hamlet, something best illustrated in his fatal duel with Laertes. His guiding principle is an insensitive despair in the world, but an active devastation of evil and corruption. Branagh was a gambler to make a four-hour epic, and the film did not go well with the box office. However, many critics acclaimed that James Berardinelli was particularly thrilled. It is my opinion that, regardless of financial returns, Branagh's gambling paid off in the artistic sense. By focusing on the entire text, he managed to outline the full sense and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex performances. When I reviewed his "Much Ado ??", I said it was the biggest movie of Shakespeare's comedy. His "Hamlet" can only be the biggest film about Shakespeare's tragedy. 10/10
