A great epic, such as Kenneth Branagh's monumental rendering of what may have been the most popular tragedy of Villyama Shakespeare, suffers from the weight of his four-hour playing time and certainly takes some real power. Two completely separate sessions would probably be better to fully evaluate what is certainly high-quality filming. Although I absolutely acknowledge this masterpiece as such, I must admit the lack of enthusiasm for the old Bard's luxury, its rhetoric (and he agrees so well) and its numerous flowering plants. Thus, "Hamlet" loses its influence as it loses its grip. From music by Patrick Doyle to Alex Thomson's film recordings to Tim Harvey's extraordinary sets, the film is a holiday of visual and auditory pleasures that compliment good cast. Branagh took over three large fireplaces, adapting, directing and playing. His adaptation is wonderful, his direction is strong, but when he arrived at the role of Hamlet, it seemed to be showing it; nevertheless, doing a good job in an incredible role. Derek Jacobi eagerly ate the evil Claudius, and Julie Christie is the most dramatic of his queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is gorgeous as Polonius, and Charlton Heston is again a powerful influence of the screen as a King player. Many others come in, including Jack Lemon (super in a very small role), Billy Crystal, Lady Judy Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. The actor's award, however, must go to one of the great celebrity discoveries of recent years, Kate Winslet. Hers is a moving portrait of the most tragic figure in the whole affair, Ophelia. To finish (before this review is longer than the movie), I must say that this is the length really tested by the viewer in this movie. Branagh directed with purpose, giving many important, influential scenes. Too many of them leave the welcome. Watching this movie has a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we received from him. "Neither the borrower nor the borrower are" or "Be faithful to yourself". And of course: "Be or not to be". The opening of two hours takes some perseverance, but if you manage to stay in progress, you will surely be treated with an exciting ending that gathers momentum from a tragic funeral. Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoits Croidon
