The image of film studies that are financially guided, and not creative, is not without truth (in fact, it is more truthful than false). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment has allowed Kenneth Branagh to create an entire, uncut version of Hamlet with his complete creative control, among other things. Of course, Branagh had to agree to some concessions (stars and a 2.5-hour version for a wider edition), but why would a film studio allow Branaghu to spend money on a 4-hour version they knew would see them a little? Have, at least in this case, had enough respect for the material and Branag's vision to create something for just a few people? It's not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a magnificent vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching Hamlet. Everyone knows the story, so I will not spend much time on it. However, unlike other productions of the play, which is involved in this stage, this is a completely uncut production, which has not been done so far. According to some, Shakespeare never intended to produce the show uncircumcised, leaving a decision on what should be included in the director's discretion. Given that it has been said, I have no doubt that I could see him, Bard would be intrigued by Branag's production. The film is most commonly used with film stars, although most have only a few parts. Everyone plays their roles equally well. I thought Branagh was too old to play the role of Hamlet, and as long as he can still be, his performance is more than compensating. Hamlet is a complex part that shows every emotion from grief to fury, happiness to madness, and everything that is between. Branagh pinned him over. Derek Jacobi is brilliant as the cunning Claudius, whose deception and betrayal all these things; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Kristi is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's caring mother who does not understand what's happening to late in the game. Classic actors are thrown into pieces (Judi Dench is in all places) 60 seconds and no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, no one takes it into the heart; Everyone gives it everything, and it shows. Special mention should be made of Jack Lemmon and Billi Cristal, who are excellent. Robin Villiams is a bit too stupid, but not bad (his part is pretty small anyway anyway). However, this is undoubtedly Branaghov shov. He adjusted one of the most famous plays in history, and thus took the project whale; It's impressive that he did it, but the fact that this film is good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked in this movie is that you do not have to be Shakespearean scholar to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to warn, but Branagh and his actors understand this. "Hamlet" is still immensely pleased to just sit and listen to the actors to give brilliant dialogue and great acting. This is mandatory for everyone and everyone. It can take four hours, but it definitely pays off.
