First, what I did not like. The acting was not in accordance with Hamlet's standard. Branagh really was at the top, he was most derailed. In my opinion, those actors who were not known personalities generally worked better; although apart from Billy Cristal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston, too, but I was not sure if he played hacking.) A lot of ambiguity in the show is clearly solved in one way in flashbacks. What I think is that much talk in support of this show is available. Shakespeare today is hard to understand the vast majority of people; Many people are not even inclined to try, because of their reputation as serious literature and its archaic English language. If they see this movie, it will clearly understand at least one interpretation of the play. They will see this more as Shakespeare's audience saw it: a game of fighting swords and battles, and mighty kings and nobles, murders and incestuous and evil schemes and spirits - and great art, if she wants to find her, but Shakespeare's Day most is not, more than most people now. Branagh's exaggeration, and his compulsion to interpret the story of the viewer, can somewhat deprive Shakespeare's art, but it is better for a modern audience to get some of it, not nothing. I have to say one more thing. Some people complain that it was "set in the 19th century, and that was not the time of Shakespeare". Well, at the time of Shakespeare, their costume and landscape were those who were their day for all their performances. Shakespeare may have said that it was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or anything else, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he used the costumes of his time. For the same reason his drama is full of anachronisms. For example, with King John, English and French have guns - in the day Robin Hood. In Julius Caesar they speak of chimneys, which would not have been invented for thousands of years, and in Henry IV there is talk of Machiavelli, who was not yet born at that time. I think this complaint is stupid - you can complain that the show is not in Danish (after all that they live in Denmark, right?).
