I still have school age, and that I have to learn Shakespeare almost constant over the last four years (which is very disgusting than any writer, no matter how good), I really did not expect to enjoy this film when my English teacher was on the; I thought it would be a typical English film about the lesson: bad acting, terribly recorded, poorly arranged and horrible horrible dialogue, so, as you can tell, I was almost ready to go to a coma. However, I watched and, much to my disturbance, I found myself not only paying attention, but also enjoying the film. This production of Hamlet is probably one of the best drama films I have seen for a long time - and it really revives what I expect Shakespeare want his performances to be (well, with the difference that this film is) much better than my English teacher he crossed the text ever could. The story is good, it seems that the dialogue runs with an unexpected grace that's far from boring (although it's hard to follow if you're not accustomed to Shakespeare's tongue), and even the smallest parts are done with the skill you would not expect; mostly, perhaps, because of the staggering number of stories that this film has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as big as you would expect these two veterans to be, even in so small a part, but Robin Villiams as Osric and Billy Cristal as Gravedigger who really stand out, giving such unexpected flights a small part. , as well as some comic relief in the middle of a tragedy. The main stars, of course, are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh stands out as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain needed for the scroll, but also some sort of anchoring air that plays nicely in comic scenes, making the film a whole lot more spectacular. The other big players are also good, but Kenneth Branagh stands behind the head and head above the others in the title role. Set pieces is also often quite astonishing, giving a refreshing change to the dark old court corridors that we are accustomed to see in Shakespeare's productions, as well as the real feeling of the country around them. Of course, the film, as a film itself, is not without errors, but without major ones (pacing is the only real problem I can imagine, as well as prose for anyone who is not used, as I said, Shakespeare's language) and, especially in comparison with the kind of Shakespeare's production I am used to watching in class, is really brilliant. It even made me think again of my previous typical attitude of teenagers about Shakespeare, that his performances are boring (I came to the conclusion that they do not play boring performances, but only teachers who say them in class). If only everyone worked in films like this, English students in all schools could have more opinions about Bardu. Total 7/10
