What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh has undertaken here and how well he has been realized! This is the first recorded version of 'Hamlet' to use the full text of Shakespeare's drama, but Branagh did not just do it because he was "there." His intention, I believe, was to make the play available to the comprehensible general viewer, without denying it. In return, he asks viewers to invest a little work on themselves, fair enough and one benefit. The environment is a generic European European 19th century, and this does more than function well. a modern or ancient look that may distract attention from work itself. Production design and cinema, both of which are remarkable, which helps immensely when you watch a four-part movie. Branag's throwback was re-inspired and acting is the same. Direction achieves a difficult task to make a movie, rather than a partial version of the show. Since so many "Hamlets" are based on an internal monologue and have relatively few souls, battles, etc., that can be a daunting task. But all that Branagh is trying to do seems to work. 'One question that I had with him was what I saw as a tendency to occasionally err. In his portrayal of Hamlet he could be charged again, but at work there is a method. Let's face it, 'Hamlet' is not an easy job for the average person to understand it, and if he has never seen it done before, he or she needs help even if they read the show. Hamlet has the most lines of any Shakespearean character, and Branagh ensures that his viewers know what this person thinks and feels during the entire film, even if you do not know the literal meaning of every mysterious word. This performance by Branag was at least worthy of nomination for the Oscar. There are so many extraordinary performances here that are almost too numerous to be mentioned, but some of them must be acknowledged. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is wonderful, but even he occupies the last seat at Kate Winslet when it comes to giving praise. Her portrait of Ophelia is awesome in her depth of feeling, made even more remarkable when she knew she was only 20 years old at that time! She looks like the best young actress. Other super artists that were not specially decorated are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Malonei and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz. The honorable memorial is Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Villiams, who manage to do the thing successfully. Even Billy Cristal works as a grocer. An actor who does not, unexplained, is Jack Lemmon. In the introductory scene he appears, and while the other three actors do well by placing a tense mood, Lemon sounds like he just runs the rows in a rehearsal as a service. You know this was a real dilemma for Branagh, because everything else about movies screams that it's a perfectionist job. Do not be stupid when talking about a four-shot movie, but it seems to me too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to make little progress, if I can be so brave, and a little bit of reasonable pruning would be welcome. Did I forget something other than the results of Patrick Doyle? There is no doubt that I am. I will only say that Kenneth Branagh may have made the final film version of 'Hamlet', and that will be a really monumental production that will surpass this.
