Moonchild is a very difficult movie for categorization. It is easiest to think about this as a couple of images of the lives of two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang placed in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other nation, and this is one of the places where this film differs from anything what I've ever heard. It can not be fooled by the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's something to be dealt with as with any other problem. The way characters communicate is surprisingly realistic - it has unpleasant cousins ​​and tricks that should look cool so they simply do not work, which makes the movie a great feeling that it does not take too seriously for the majority. > Another area that I really stand out is the languages. The fictitious city of Mallepa contains various cultural groups, and characters speak the language they are expected to speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese to each other, but Chinese when talking with characters of Chinese descent. Probably the most fun exchange includes Australian and is conducted in English. The actors of the four main characters have three separate mother tongues between them and speak different levels of the languages ​​of others, so the film is quite good. Which, I suppose, leads to the leading actors. Much is made of the fact that the movie is featured by two of the biggest rockstar rockers, Gackt and Hide, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-Wang, whether it's praise for their acting or criticism or simply about them . In my opinion, Lee-hugh is the best in playing the real and realistic character. However, any lack of acting abilities on Gackt's side is mostly masked by the fact that the character that plays is prone to excessive dramaticness. I was not sure whether the character's face should have been so stinky and sarcastic as it had encountered, but it does not actually diminish the film anyway. There are several scenes that are quite melodramatic, which made it difficult for me to feel emotional (although it does not seem to stop many people). I discovered that it is best to enjoy the movie because of what it is and that I do not take it too seriously. It's perfect for going out and watching with a group of friends. It has its own defects, but it was generally very pleasant and I would recommend it to anyone who does not interfere with some subtitles.
