Based on the idea of ​​Gackt, the Moon's child was held in a poor country called Mallepa. In the futuristic timeline, the story follows the lives of two main characters, Kei (HIDE) and Sho (Gackt) and their friends grow up together. In spite of some actions it can be overly done or perhaps funny, I firmly believed this was a film about friendship. Even among all the hardships between each character, in the end, each one wanted to have somebody on their side, having friends. Unlike most of the vampire characters, Kei showed the vampire who despised the idea of ​​having to kill to live. The vampire found friendship in the hand of a young man, Shoa who is not afraid of Kei. Regardless of what some might have thought, I see Kei as a paternal figure of Sho. Kei was present during the earlier life of Shaw, took care of him and taught him to live in a world where power between gangs controls their lives. On the other hand, Sho, who might be considered a young, innocent, enthusiastic style, grew up into a man who realized that life is not just fun and games, that there is death and that he can take away his loved ones. . I like the part in which Lee Hom, the actor who played Son, first appeared on the screen. The way they met was really cool. The son also plays a major role in this film, the fact that from another race, the Taiwanese, has made a major impact on the theme of friendship in the film. The way friendships developed despite the differences in the background is greatly illustrated in this film. I believed that every actor did a great job considering that this is their first time to appear in the big screen movie. Both HIDE and Gackt have managed to behave pretty well and have created pretty convincing characters. Unlike films in which a musician turned into actors and filled up a movie with songs, they did great acting jobs! The Moon's child really made an impact on me, gave new meaning and consideration to friendship, that we must value each other's friendship in our lives. The film shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, there is always hope. Life can be cruel, it seems that hope no longer exists. He also shows a very strong sense of friendship among himself, even when the Son became an enemy, Sho had some sort of "fun" in their last fight. Each of them eventually wanted peace, no matter how far they were. The final scene showed us this.
