"Invisible Air" is part of science fiction and part of horror. It was also the third of the seven Karloff / Lugosi characteristics. Boris Karloff plays a dominant role in this annex. Through specially designed astronomical equipment, Dr Janos Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to Dr. Felician Bennett (White Lugosi), Sir Frances Stevens (Valter Kingsford), his wife Beaulah Bondi and their nephew Ronald Drake (Frank Lavton), that a meteorite with a powerful element landed on the African continent for many millions of years in the past. Rukh impresses his guests who invite him to follow them on an expedition to Africa to find a mysterious element. Rukh goes alone and reveals the place where the meteorite landed and the element he calls "Radium Ks". Due to his long absence from Rukha, his handsome young wife Diana (Frances Drake) is attracted to Drake and the two of them fall in love. In the meantime, Rukh becomes contaminated by X-ray to the extent that anyone who touches will immediately die. Contamination causes the skin to emit glow in the dark. Rukh goes to Benet for help. Benet devises an antidote that, if taken daily, will provide temporary immunity to the element. Unfortunately, the deadly element also affects Rukhov's brain, slowly transforming it into a vindictive killer. While Rukh continues with his work, Sir Frances takes news of the discovery back to France. Diana and Ronald follow him. When Bennett informed him of this action, Rukh accuses the party of betraying him and his discovery and secretly planning his vengeance. When he returns to France, he learns about the healing power of Radium X while he heals his mother's blindness (Violet Kemble Cooper) and Bennett's work in treating the illness of his patients. But Rukh's madness is getting stronger. He first killed an innocent man identified as Rukha. Seeing Rukh's apparent death, Diana and Ronald marry. This angered Rukha and he begins to refresh five other members of the expedition. One night he was lured into a trap set by Bennett and ................ <br /> <br /> Karlof is great in the lead and moves from a happy married ambitious scientist to bunca. Lugosi has the same role and does what he can with limited work. In 79 minutes this film was the second longest of six Karloff / Lugosi collaborations. Karloff's film to the end.
