The third cooperation for Karloff and Lugosi sees the departure from Poe and domains of the science fiction series. Karlof is played by Dr. Janos Rukha, the creator of a device that can capture light rays through a telescope in the Carpathian Mountains and translate them into images that form the visual history of the universe. Before several guests, including Lugosi as dr. Bennett, an astro-chemist who previously mocked Rukh's theories, shows the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here known as "Radio X", contained in a meteor that fell to Earth in the darkest Africa a few thousand years ago. Karlof joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a tricky compound - it equates the mountains to a great range and treats blindness in a short distance. However, Rukh is not carefree, and he's sore, shining in the dark, more like those old Breck's advertisements! Dr Benet is at hand to think of a contraceptive for radiation, but a combination of poison and drugs that Rukh is crazy paranoid. Convinced that he is deceived, he is seeking expedition members in Paris, including his alienated wife, and his touch, while in radioactive state, means death ... By the way, we get an old pseudo-scientific idea that the eyes Dead people record a picture of their killer (incredibly different Karlof!) and radium Ks that symbolically dissolved the statues representing members of the expedition. And even the touch of James Wahl in Paris's landlady! Invisible Rai is a great game, except Gothic opening, it's interesting to see how Universal launches action in Africa and Paris. The film lacks the rhythm, but it always absorbs. Karlof slightly exceeded his performance, but Lugosi is great. Universal used the basic story again in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chanei Jr. as a great threat (this time caused by a current) and Lionel Atvill as a very mad doctor than Lugosi. The invisible Rai is a dark and smart little movie with much admiration. It may not be as well known as other universal horrors, but it works and it's very fun.
