Horror Gods Boris Karloff and White Lugos should be more than sufficient reason for any genre-lover to watch a movie, and although the most convincing are not the only reason to watch this little Sci-Fi / Horror gem. While Lambert Hillier "The Invisible Rai" of 1936 does not share almost the brilliance of other contemporary films in which Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Frankenstein Bride", "Mother" ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie" "The Island of Lost Souls", "Dracula", ...), or both ("Black Cat", "Gavran" ...), this is undoubtedly a very entertaining movie that no cult cinema lovers should consider. Compared with other Universal Horror images, the story seems a bit stupid, but in a wonderful way. Carlof and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the movie extra profit account of the great sights and great photos. Janos Rukh, a genius scientist who invented a technique to look through the past through a telescope, and finds out that the meteor hit the earth thousands of years ago. Lugosi), invites him to join the expedition to find a meteor. Rukh makes a discovery that can cause great benefit and great devastation ... It is not surprising that Karlof, who was actually a Briton, is playing Hungarian scientists, and Lugosi, a Hungarian, plays the French scientist, but they are both as great as usual. As far as I'm concerned, these two horror deities could have probably been recorded by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would make something out of it - or the man is an icon of the genre genre, and see them together is a treat for every fan of the genre. Otherwise, this is one of several films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was higher than Karloff. Frances Drake makes a very good feminine role in her role as a beautiful young wife, dr. Other performances are also good, if not particularly valuable. Apart from the casting of Karloff and Lugoshi, the greatest quality of the film is probably an atmosphere due to the excellent environment and photography, as well as a beautifully funny and very fun story. My main remark is that I would like more time for Lugosi and that his role would have a slightly greater significance. He is fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more evil. Otherwise, "The Invisible Rai" is a beautifully entertaining movie that should satisfy every fan of the classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema, and unavoidable for all my colleagues Lugosi / Karloff fans.
