The films of the thirty years of horrors that are best remembered are always like Dracula and Frankenstein; and for that there is a very good reason, but there were many smaller, but still excellent productions, and the Invisible Rai is definitely one of them. The action is not particularly original, and similar complications have been seen many times earlier (back in 1936), but the way everything is compiled is certainly very imaginative and the director Lambert Hilijer has created a very beautiful, small original horror film. The action focuses on the good heart of Dr. Janos Rukha; a man who discovered a way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery tells him that he believes there may be an unknown radioactive element in Africa somewhere, and so he moves along with a team of respected colleagues to find him. However, the tragedy strikes while on expedition, and a good doctor becomes exposed to the element; which makes him great in the dark, and also crazy ... The greatest drawing of the film is undoubtedly the fact that he plays two of the greatest stars of the horror of his time - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi, both of which give excellent performance. Karlough really shows what a good actor is and his character has plenty of flesh for Carlof to impress. White Lugosi has a role that is very different from what we are accustomed to seeing him, and this is a great performance from him; It's nice to see Lugati. The movie is very slowly running; But things are starting to appear soon. The other half of the film is the best, and that's really when the film gets exciting and Karloff gets the chance to shine (literally). The film does not focus on great special effects and mainly relies on actions of the central character to make things interesting; and works well. The film remains interesting and comes down to a very decent climax that nicely wraps up. All in all, The Invisible Rai may not be one of the best horror films of the thirties; but it's very good and it's recommended.
