The story of Ned Kelly is wrapped up in myths and exaggerations overtime, and this film is no exception. What ensures that Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he made to equalize the chances that the cops love him. During several battles, he marshaled carrying plates of crushed iron, of which the bullets that were available to the police at that time would jump safely. Indeed, this is only because there were several bright sparks in the Victorian police who noticed that he did not put his feet caught and hanged. The story has been told in Australia's schools and history for so long that some permutations of the story, ironically, have become boring. The more stories they try to portray Kelly as a nonhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention to. It is the place where this adaptation of our Sun, a novel about legendary Kelli, highlights. Instead of trying to portray Ned Kelly, who is equally impassive as the armor he was wearing, the film quickly establishes him as a human being. Indeed, the reversal of the popular legend, which shows corruption in the Victorian police and the unsustainable situation of the colonists, is a long way to get this film out of the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a human being who lives in time and where, in order to be condemned for murder, he simply had to be the closest person to the body when the policeman found him. No, I'm not making it up. The only area in which the film is wrong is the exaggeration of Irish and English mentality in battles. While Kelli Band was extremely Irish, Australia has long been a place where nations of wildly diverse ethnic communities interacted with each other almost flawlessly (the scene with some Chinese migrants emphasizes this). to present himself as the most notorious outlaw in Australia. Only because of the fame he found in other films, the audience is aware that they look at Ledger, not Kellie himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not seem completely lost without his port, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as the head of the police contingent in Glenstone shows that he is one of the most valued actors on this desert little island. country. But, it's Naomi Watts, who appears as Julia Cook, who gets a little boom in this movie. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially a woman in the life of Ned Kelly, but you would not know that from the minimum time the screen comes here. Indeed, many of the hundred and ten minutes of the film feel more lyophilized than exploratory. Once the element of corruption in the police is established, the film falls so quickly and sometimes it feels like it hurried. Unfortunately, most movie forces are not capitalized. Rush barely gets more screens than his name gives on opening and closing. The same goes for Watts, and the rest of the actors are a bit like models. I can only conclude that fifteen more, or even thirty minutes of footage, may have corrected it. But this leads to another problem, in that the lack of any depth or background for characters that are not titular, leaves the events of a zero-impact story. One scene is able to do a good speech, but unfortunately, it all becomes a collage of moment without connection after a while. If the impression that this film is about to appear, for several weeks, even days, it passes between the time that Ned Kelly becomes the sought-after man, let's say of a corrupted policeman, and the notorious shooting at Glenstone. The unsettling, trial and execution of Ned Kelly is not even shown here, they are simply mentioned in the subheadings before the credits are turned. It is, other than the former work on the camera, Ned Celli manages to show some exciting shootings, and has a good start. For this reason, I assessed him with seven out of ten. Other critics were not so kind, so if you're not impressed with shooting with unusual elements (which could be more unusual than full armor in colonial shooting?), Then you'd better look somewhere else. Especially if you want more facts about the life of Ned Kelly.
