All right, pay attention to the people who put together these DVD collections in a terrible act: I'm really grateful and very supportive of the initiative, but? Did you even watch movies before you chose them as part of the collection? When I bought Boris Carloff's collection, there were several films in which the star played only a supporting and irrelevant role ("London Tower", "Strange door"). "The Invisible Rai" is, however, part of the White Lugosi collection and here is actually Boris Karloff who overshadowed Bella! This would actually be a great title for the Boris Karloff collection! The character of White Lugosi is probably the most independent and honest he ever showed in his career, and good old Carlof is actually playing the crazy and dangerous obsessed scientist here. "Invisible Air" has three main chapters. First, set up in the Carpathian palace dr. Janos Rukha is quite boring and requires a lot of patience of viewers, but, of course, the drawings of the character and the topic discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates a pair of eminent colleagues (including White Lugosi as Dr. Bennett) that he managed to capture alien rays inside the device produced in his own production. The scientists were sincerely impressed with his work and invited Rukha and his beautiful wife Diana to an expedition in the heart of Africa. Dr. Rukh is isolated from the group, revealing the essential element of "Radium X" to complete the medical air and completely disappointed after he was pre-exposed to the meteorite itself. The third and final act is obviously the best and most terrifying, because it revolves around an old-fashioned murder with genius tricks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff shines in the dark and, convinced that others outside to steal his discovery and even his life, intends to eliminate them using his deadly touch. The narrative structure of "Invisible Air" sounds pretty complicated, but the movie is easy to follow and entertain. The story is pretty tense, but nevertheless intolerable, and director Lambert Hilijer provides a few moments of pure uncertainty. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and Lugosi, although he deserved to have a little more screens. Their scenes together are the highlights of the film, along with the funky pictures of great Boris.
