Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi together recorded a lot of films, but in general (which is interesting) Karlof is usually a better man than the two. The real exception is the "Black Cat" (1934), where Karlof plays the evil head of the devout cult, and Lugosi seeks revenge for the destruction of his life. But more commonly is "Black Friday", where (regardless of his motive), Carlof is trying to improve brain surgery, while Lugosi is a killer killer. In "Raven", Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon, who blackmail Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff finally had enough. It's rarely about negative characters. In The Bodi Snatcher, Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. The only exception in which both are very cute, but for mutual purposes to each other, is the 1936 film. I feel that it is rare when the audience accepted some of the other films I mentioned. Karlofov dr. Janos Rukh is a science-oriented genius who, in the "official scientific community", has begun to misinterpret his theory that the rare type of Radio in Nigeria is a meteorite that landed centuries ago. He finally received the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife, Lada Arabella Stevens (Valter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and also has another scientist, a French named Dr. Felik Benet (Lugosi), Rukh's young wife Diane (Frensis Drake) and a friend and protégé of Stevens named Ronald Drake (Frank Lavton). Before they leave, Rukh's mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) warns that he may seek wisdom he should not and can end with the tragedy. She tries to discard it, but is concerned about what she says, his scientific position, and whether she will get a deserved credit. What gets is a disaster. He finds the substance, but is infected with his extraordinary radioactivity. He discovers that he slowly burns, and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. He actually created friendship or understanding with Benet, who discovers the type of radioactive fighting cocktail that Rukh will use to counter the dangers. But there are two things that are invincible here. The antidote can last only for a limited period of time and must be amended. And radioactivity hit Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately Sir Francis and Lada Arabella), and he is equally upset that (due to his conversion to die - the effects of radioactivity are such), Benet and several others are collecting honor the miracles Radium X gives to a man. Soon Rukh is on a killer wilderness that destroys many lives, and ends with his. The film is certainly somewhat upgraded to science. Madame Curie has recently died of cancer that she received for working with Radio. There are a few who fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some ideas about it come out. The wave of murders by Rukha leads to the news that they are talking about the "curse" of the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "damn" expedition (on the continent of Africa) for hidden treasures buried centuries ago by the titled Englishman, we entered archeology rather than in physics or geology (looking for Hovard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). On the other hand, Bennet attempts to solve the cause of death, and returns to the idea that was actually destroyed in 1888 in England. During the murders in Vhitechapel, Sir Charles Varren ordered to retake a number of dead photographers to see if the last picture was on Jack Ripper's retina. It turns out that he only got photographs of the retirement of dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brain Statue" in 1899, and is used by Dr. Bennett here. Since this is a science fiction story, he finds a picture of Rukha on the board, but Bennet accidentally drops the board and she breaks. The film is good on many bases, the most interesting to change Karloff and Lugosi are not impolite to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing in their other films. Other performances are also good, especially Ms. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as the scary sister of Basile Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) at David Copperfield. Here her last act is the only way to end this tragedy and who can say that she did not harm her more than her target was.
