There is no doubt that during the decade of the 1930s the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a sure guarantee of excellent performances in quality horror films. After becoming Universal's "first monster" in the basic classics, "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became an essential guilty of horror thanks to his elegant style and his foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor would also have led him to be castrated during the 40- them). In the same way, the appearance of Boris Carloff in James Franklinstein's "Frankenstein" turned him into a man who asked when someone wanted a good monster. Of course, it was quite natural for these icons to end by dividing the screen, and the film that united them was in 1934, the Black Cat. This formula would be repeated in several films over a decade, and the blend of horror and science fiction by director Lambert Hilier, "The Invisible Rai," is still one of the smaller classics that worked these years. "Invisible Air", Dr Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device that can display scenes of the past of our planet trapped in the light of light coming from the Andromeda Galaxy. While displaying their invention to their colleagues, dr. Felix Bennett (White Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Valter Kingsford), discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor hit what is now Nigeria. After this miraculous discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues in an expedition to Africa, seeking a landing site of a mysterious meteor. This expedition will not be useful for Rukha, because during his expedition, his wife Diana (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lavton), an expert hunter Stevens has brought to help them in their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on that trip, because it will forever be changed after being exposed to the invisible meteor air. Written by John Colton (who previously worked on the scenario for London's Wolverine), "The Invisible Ray" had its roots in the original science-fiction story of Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Considering that this was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton places a great emphasis on the horror side of his story, playing in a very efficient way with the archetypal crazy scientist and adding a good dose of melodrama to spice up things. One of the elements that the "Invisible Rai" highlights among other horror films of that time, is the way Colton plays through the morale through the story. That is, there are not just heroes and villains in the classical style, but decision makers and later face the consequences of those choices. In many ways, "Invisible Rai" is a modern tragedy of obsessions, guilt and revenge. Experienced director of low-budget B-films, director Lambert Hilrier was given the opportunity to make 3 Universal Pictures films when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience in working with limited resources, Hilijer's films have always been very good despite budget constraints, and "Invisible Air" was no exception. Although nowhere near the stylish Gothic atmosphere of the previous Universal Horror Films, Hilijer's film effectively captures the essence of Colton's script, because this film gives a dark and morbid mood more in tune with pulp novels than with a clear scientific film. Finally, Hillier's use of special effects must also be said: for an extremely low-budget movie, they look much better than those in several A-films from that era. As usual with Lugosi and Karlof, the performances of these legends are of exceptional quality. As the main character of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his presentation of a man who is so blinded by his devotion to his work that he does not see the evil he frees. Like his colleague, dr. Benet, White Luogis is simply a joy to watch, the theft of every scene in which it shows the underrated actor. As Rukh's wife, Frensis Drake is extremely effective, she really helps her character to become more of a girl in trouble. However, two of the most interesting films are performances by Kemble Cooper as Mike Rukha, and Beulah Bondi as Lada Arabella, while two actresses use their limited time on the screen to make the most of their time on the screen, making unforgettable roles in support. Frank Lavton is also good in his role, but nothing is surprising when compared to the rest of the acting team. If you judge this film according to today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as another cheap movie science fiction movie. with poor special effects and a carefree mix of pseudo-knowledge. However, this would be a mistake, because in spite of the low budget, it was extremely well done for his time. Moreover, given that the film originated when the nuclear age had just begun and that radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, ideas about the dangers of radioactivity were terrifyingly accurate. Another thing worth highlighting is the interesting way the script deals with relationships between characters, especially friendship and the rivalry that exists between obsessive dr. Rukha and Cold Dr Benet, as this allows for excellent scenes between two iconic actors. Although nowhere near the Gothic Expressionism of "Frankenstein" films, nor the elegant uncertainty of The Black Cat, Lambert Hillier "The Invisible Rai" is definitely a smaller classical among the Universal Pictures catalogs of Horror films. With one of the most interesting horror scenarios of the thirties, this mixture of uncertainty, horror, and science fiction is one seriously underrated jewel that even now brings a good dose of fun approved by two of the most disbelieving actors ever horror genre: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
