Karloff and Lugosi - Together Again! This is one of those movies that ordinary fans will pass and do not want to value them. It's not a comprehensive horror movie like the two previous Dua hits, Black Cat and Gavran. But, it's very valuable to both talents and it's a fun movie when he visits again. The invisible Rai was directed by Lambert Hillier, a director who mainly made Western, but curiously in these last days of Laemmles' reign in the universal, was at the helm of this and Laemles's final horror film, Dracula's daughter. Both are clear, pure fantasies that are very light in terms of content of horror despite fantastic elements. Just as Lugosi went to the wilderness in Ravenna, much has to be said about Karloff's whipping in The Invisible Rai. One aspect of the story that is particularly unsatisfactory is that Karlf's character, Rukh, works so crazy before being poisoned by Radium X, that he really does not change when he starts to shine. This is very similar to the appeal people have about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - he's really crazy from the very beginning. There is no real transformation. Same here. Halfway through Karloff simply has an additional purpose for revenge in his mind. Nevertheless, I enjoyed his performance, just as I did Lugosi's extravagance in Raven. Meanwhile, Lugosi completely surprises you and gives you a restrained and imaginary turn as Rukhov rival in science of Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the film, including an unforgettable warning to the police trying to catch Rukha, which I am aligned with the horror film writer John Soister - "And if he (Rukh) touches someone?" Inspector pie. Lugosi responds indiscriminately, in a way that Lugosi could only deliver, "They Die." As Lugosi can be so excluded, he can be even more perfect than any actor. This is one of those moments. Therefore, Karloff and Lugosi interactions are very good until we get tricky Karloff against the cold logic of Lugosi. Carlof would have continued to play similar crazy scientists many times, however, someone would want Lugosi to have more equal roles like this one. He had only one more chance (Ninotchka). Invisible Rai is a fun movie, and a real treat for true Karloff and Lugo fans. It's one of those movies that get better at every viewing, not because it's a masterpiece, but because of the charisma and talent of its stars and how this story complements the darker, terrible couples they had. The special effects, always innovative John Fulton, are great, and all supporting actors are all appropriate. Francis Drake looks great like Mad Love and plays a strong woman, something rarely seen in classic horror films. The scene at the end when Karloff stands up and she does not scream is one of the most interesting moments of the film. Great, funny movie!
