I'm sure many people outside of Australia have never heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about this man, but that was the only time I saw or heard anything about him. I suppose this could be the biggest problem that this film will have to face. Nobody knows anything about it and probably not many people will take care of this topic. The film talks about the life of Ned Kelly. The Irish immigrant lived in Northwestern Victoria for a lifetime, but the authorities were never welcomed. The police always accuse him of everything he can remember and constantly troubles his family. When Kelly got tired of everything going, she formed a gang with her brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even taking the entire city for three days. All this violence leads to hunting for men organized by the police, and when they kill three policemen, they are forbidden. Finally, they take over a tavern in Glenvån, where they have fun with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police to get off the track on the part of the path they have been lashing. But the train is able to stop in time, because someone warns and what will follow is the battle of life and death between the police and the four attackers ... It's very difficult to say if everything is what is shown in the movie is true or false. I suppose nobody knows, because there will always be two camps that will each tell their truth: one camp says he was a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, the other will say he was a common criminal, a murderer and a thief. I really can not tell you which of them is right, they may be both, but what I can tell you is that the facts in the film, as well as the documentary, were about the same. The film was a great addition to a documentary that I once saw and I really enjoyed the performances of all actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrei Rush are all actors who are fairly well-known, but even less famous actors in this production show that everyone knows how to act well. I really enjoyed this film and gave it 7.5 / 10
