After lending this film from a local library a few weeks ago, in order to see it on a day or several days after the Memorial Day, I finally saw Zionar this morning. In this Marlon Brande plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of the general who was raised in a certain way, transferred from Korea to Japan, where his handsome girl Eileen Webster (Patricia Ovens). Before he leaves, he tries to persuade one of his men, Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to marry Japanese Katsumi (Miioshi Umeki) because it is a violation of military twinning laws. With his romantic and Eileen on his exit, however, Ace not only becomes the best man on Joe and Katsumi's wedding, but he also falls in love with the Asians after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go out into the city and watch the brick entertainer Hana- ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself comes out with one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen seems to love one of the kabuki performers, Nakamuru (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop there and say that it was a predominantly interesting drama about prejudices about American-Asian relations of romance that were very touching from start to finish. Even watching the Hispanic Montalbana to play Oriental is not too embarrassing (although it's a good thing that its part is short). And there are some nice touches of humor like Brand's heads that hit the top of Button's and Umeki's entrance many times. Red and Miioshi deserve their Oscar especially red with their defiant and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before acting in his legendary role on "Marverick" television, is fine in his scenes with Brand and Miiko Taka showing great restraint in his initial characterization as anti-American. As I read some of the changes in James Michener's novel, I can not imagine that director Josh Logan, who had previously adopted another Michener work in the Broadway musical "South Pacific", will eventually do so and remain faithful to the original source. He surely gave inspiration to the final stages that made the heartbreaking early tragedy of the film a necessary complication. Some of the production numbers may have made the movie a little long, but otherwise, Saionara was a wonderful educational experience about the fifties that then penetrated America and Japan.
