There are not a few movies that leave me feeling Gregor Jordan's Ned Kelly movie. Initially, I heard only full of recommendations and I decided to see her. Since then, I have also got a video and a soundtrack, and I must say that after several reviews, I am still very impressed with the basic character of this film. It's also wonderful to see something Australian! I appreciate the quality of the earth, if you ask me, it's a rarity, as well as the lack of stickiness that takes away so many movies. This movie proves that you do not necessarily need to look for fantastic costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs as many millions of dollars as you need. Actors were a bonus, including many well-known ones, and maybe I would add good people who were well into the role of such unique characters. It is interesting to note that there was a lot of criticism about this film about who did it, and how they just talked so many lines. However, if there is any criticism, one should constructively focus on the fact that a number of basic elements of the original events are omitted. In reality, they functioned so that they became a sign that it was in Australian history. For example, closer examination can reveal that there was much, much more in the relationship between Joe Birne and Aaron Sheritt, and that this is actually responsible for many more final outcomes for the gang than they were explored in the film. It has been foreseen that this was not just the effort of Aaron Sheritas, but it enabled the Victorian police to inspect the mystery. Yes, that is their interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes modification of the original action in order to attract the audience's attention. I think this is the only limitation in this case. However, I can accept that perhaps historical precision is only important for those who have a special interest in real-life events behind the situation. That certainly inspired me to look better. So be careful and decide for yourself. Maybe you do not like it, that's your opinion, and that's fine. Perhaps this is the movie that most like the Australian audience? For me, I would call it a breath of fresh air!
