Books about James Michener leading readers to distant places with strange sound names were probably the most popular in the forties and fifties of the last century. His stories from the South Pacific have become the big blockbuster Broadway hit for Rodgers & Hammerstein. The South Pacific was directed by Joshua Logan and was natural for the film adaptation of another Michener's success, Saionar. Just ten years before, American films did not show Japans kindly during the Second World War. I'm sure it was not easy for people who fought the Pacific War to change attitudes overnight. This and the general politics of twinning with the occupied nations are not at all in this story of interracial romance. Zionar is a relevant film today. The army has always been in the personal life of its staff in a way that no civilian employer could legally withdraw. In America, at the time Saionar was made, in many countries there are still mixing laws. Today, gays in the army are a big problem. Someone will be able to do one day to Zionar as a film about this issue. Joshua Logan was on the well-known field. The South Pacific also had racism as a component of its conspiracy. With a secure hand, Logan made up a great actor and created a wonderful story. Marlon Brando, Patricia Ovens, James Garner, Kent Smith some of the Western players are doing a good job. But the picture stole the picture here. Miko Taka loves a sign like Brand's love interest. But real stars are those that support Oscare, Red Buttons and Miioshi Umeki. The buttons are your every member of the military aviation. He passionately falls in love with Katsumi, played by Miioshi Umeki. They marry, and the army cruelly does everything it can to smash them. They assume they know what's best for Buttons and Umeki. Buttons were a TV comedian and fair talent, but he never managed to achieve a part of his career. Oscar Miioshi Umeki was the first to get oriental. She received great attention, because at the time of the Academy Awards, Miioshi acted on Broadway at Flover Drum Song. I had the privilege of seeing it on Broadway, it was the first Broadway show I've ever seen. I still have a memory of it. This Oscar also symbolized something else. Our war with Japan was really over and we saw a great nation in Saionia with a proud tradition and culture. Ricardo Montalban plays Nakamura, an actor at the Kabuki Theater. If the Saionar was over today, Logan would never get out. But Montalban is good. Good location and great story. This film should be revived more often and has a great morale.
