Because of reading bad comments and what my friends said I can not believe how bad it was, I did not go and watch this movie in the cinema. After watching the DVD, I must say that I'm sorry now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I'd dare say it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. People have the thick skulls of Ned's helmet if they go to watch this kind of movie and expect it to be a documentary. If you read history behind most of the movies based on historical personality, there is usually a big difference between the fact and the fictitious display. I think Ganghis Kahn has never been shown even close to historical facts. What kind of man is Ned Kelly actually questioned the debate, and it seems to be very passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly became a legend. Legends are stories, and stories tell about those who speak them and listen in the same way they do it themselves. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity as he represents that aspect of an Australian culture that does not believe or accept authority. A society in which there is no disagreement or challenge to authority is more foolish and dangerous than any bushranger. non-obligatory and refreshing film. She was sentimental and romantic, but luckily she was never as sweet as she could be; for my compatriots, watch 'The Lighthorseman' and see what I mean (the way the story was treated so bad). Perhaps the job of a love affair could have been abandoned for a little more detail in other areas, such as shooting soldiers. Ironically, I actually enjoyed the film because of that, because that would be the details that would focus most on Ned's story. And these are the details of the stories that are best detected by reading different views of different historians. This film has always had a tough moment, since it made a compromise in which it calls on the global film market (for payment of tablets) and a legend as it means to the Australians; maybe there's a little Ned's spirit in this movie, because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately missed both goals. Luckily, it allowed enjoyment of the movie. For me, it was an unexpected movie about Ned, and that's why I liked it. Orlando Bloom did a lot for the movie - he really added something. I think he would enjoy being a monster instead of a nice elf, for a change. When you consider some other films that are far worse than this, your opinion on this film should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas, not Croc Dundee or The Man From Dreams River at any time.
