It must have been a few years after it was published, so you do not know why it was in movies. But as a child, I enjoyed it. I just found the VHS tape of Superman and Mole Men in the flea market and decided to look at it again (it's been a long time). I did not expect much, now I know how B films were filmed at the time. But I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the movie very much watched and the acting of all the extraordinary. Usually playing in such films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, neither writing was bad. Forget about the fact that Superman has gone from sequence to sequence and that at the beginning he could throw out all their asses, because then the story would end, would not it? All right, the costumes of the mole were hockey and not very frightening (they did not even scare me as a child). However, given the likely low budget for wallpaper and costumes, they all did a good job. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Old Ranger of Days of Death Valley and many auxiliary roles in TV Westerna. J. Farrell MacDonald has played an old pop and has always been a great sidekick in several films than I can count on. Valter Reed and Jeff Corei were famous faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship who went to King Kong? Did you recognize a little girl who glided with balls like Lisbeth Searce in Old Iell? Some of the moles were also known. Jerry Maren played for McCheese's mayor for McDonalds, Little Oscar Maier, was Munchkin who gave Dorothy a lollipop, he was on Seifeld's episode and a lot of other work. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood at High Plains Drifter, he was one of the friends whom a star encountered in Incredible Shrinking Manu, played a role in a movie that I happily grabbed in a flea market called Mi Gal Sal with Rita Haivorth, the Wizard of Oz and many other parts - a great actor. John Bramburi was also Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was no doubt great, and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent VAS Superman. He did a great job of playing a powerful man. All I have to say is that this movie is worth watching for actors and writers dealing with a pretty bad idea for a movie. But it was fifty years old and everything was possible from the intruders from space to men from the inner space. Definitely worth seeing, there is no bad actor in the group. Who put the plaster together, he was very, very happy to get so many gifted actors in the movie type B. Some have already had a wealth of experience, and some had to gain a wealth of experience - but they were all endowed with. So, if you get a chance to watch a movie, forget about stupid costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is that a bird? Is that an airplane? No, just a good, old movie to enjoy!
