After Vatergate, a series of conspiracy films appeared, such as this, written by the late Adam Kennedy (based on his novel). Gene Hackman plays former veteran of Vietnam Roi Tucker, a loser who ended up in jail. He receives visits by Richard Vidmark, who claims to be an organization designed to help the wrongdoers. They offer him freedom, and in spite of not trusting Tagge, he accepts it. But he brings with him a friend named Spivent (Mickey Rooney). That's why it's hard to see, because Spiventa is an irritating little man who drives Tucka mad insistent stories about sex, not what you want to hear when you're behind bars. stunned eyes. He married his wife, Ellie (Candice Bergen), and got a new identity (unusual, he does not try to change his look. He would have retired from the raw mustache being the beginning), he calmed down, but found that there was a catch - Tagge wanted that Tucker did nothing less than kill the President of the United States. He refuses, so Tagge Ellie kidnapped ... I'll leave the synopsis here, but I'm sure you can hit the rest yourself. The script has enough holes for works to read the book (a neat trick!). People who Tagge represent never reveal themselves. Allusions to the murder of J.F.K are unmistakable. Despite the findings of The Varren Commission, he doubted whether Lee Harvey Osvald behaved himself continues to this day. This was Stanley Kramer's first film for years, and although there is no party, he misses his grip, for example, "Manchurian Candidate" ("Mandhurian candidate") or Alan J.Pakula (The Parallak View). As a leftist film about conspiracy, it tends to confront its theme instead of getting caught up in it. I prefer the right-handers - they are funnier! Domino has a look and feel for T.V. film, and has what must have been the easiest prison escape in film history, not to mention the end that came out of the classic Michael Caine "Get Carter". What makes it visible are Gene Hackman and Richard Vidmark. The latter, which unfortunately passed away earlier this year, is as great as the mysterious Tagge, which initially appears to stand behind the operation until it is mercilessly eliminated, starting a chain of death designed to remove all evidence of evidence as one of the perpetrators of this evil plot - as well as dominoes. As Tucker, an innocent pig, Hackman is gorgeous. You have to wonder why he decided to hide in such an obvious place. In his shoes, I would run to the other side of the world, anywhere to get away from these fanatics. Hackman's love scenes with Bergen slow down the action, and it's almost a relief when he gets rid of it. It is assumed that the producers thought so, which explains why it opens with a bizarre prologue featuring the entire premise of the film - expressed by British actor Patrick Allen - warning the audience that they are there somewhere, and that 'they' are out there coming to us . Comedy writer Les Davson later underscored this opening in his B.B.C. shov 'The Davson Vatch'. Mickey Rooney previously worked with Kramer on the movie 'It's Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Warl'. His 'deadly' scene here looks like an exposition from that picture, while the actor seems to have been stunned by his ax, not that he was killed. Films of conspiracy are made only by the left, but right now they enter into this act. Last year, 'Taking Freedom', the absurd fabrication of lies and half-truths about Tony Blair's government proved to be a British response to 'Reefer Madness'. At least, 'Domino' had a wonderful Candice Bergen. The best movie Chris Atkins could offer was Anne Viddecombe! Amazingly, 'The Domino Principle' was made by Lev Grade, the legendary British television mogul behind 'The Saint', 'Jesus Of Nazareth'. and 'The Muppet Shov'. He worked with Adam Kennedy again in 1980 on 'Raise The Titanic!', Whose failure was so great that he sank into the ambition of Grade to be the new Louis B. Meier. Since it was somewhat open, I would not rule out the possibility of conspiracy.
