In a sandwich between San Francisco and Captain Hrabra, two of the biggest parts of Spencer Tracy is this very interesting film about the war and the effects it has on some people. They gave him a pistol spender Spencer Traci and Franchot Tone in the only movie they ever made together, and Gladys George as a woman who both likes them. Tape and Tone are a couple of donors from World War I, the Tone is a weak character that almost crosses the hills in the training camp, but Traci stops it. The tape continues to play with the sympathetic spirit, the younger type of Vallace Beyer who MGM conceived when signed by Foca. Through the road, Tone gets a chance and takes it when, during the battle, he manages to reach a church tower looking at the German machine gun nest. So far he has learned to shoot and run Sergeant York. Ali Alvin C. York has never been changed by war as Tone had. Wounded in battle Tone is recovering in a hospital where Gladys George is looking for him. The tape goes alone to visit her friend, and he and George have got something. Later, when Tracy was reported as a disappearance in action, Tone and George marry. Tracy is broken hearted when she returns and finds out about marriage, but she sits on the step. The rest of the film deals with Tone using the military skills he learned on the gangster trade. He's a killer now, and George does not really know what he's doing for life. I think you can understand the rest. Part of the film that gave me some trouble is that I can not believe that Gladys George could not understand. She is a street smart girl, her part is very similar to the one she played at The Roaring Tventies versus James Cagney. Speaking of The Roaring Tventies, the development of Humphrey Bogart's character is similar to Tone's, although he is not the central character of the film. In fact, there are elements "They gave him a gun" that can be found in the taxi driver and classic Klint Istvud, "Unfinished". The scenario of the struggle in the First World War was directed very well by director Voodi Van Dike. For some reason, Leonard Maltin watched this movie, I think it's much better than giving him a loan.
