I watched this on HBO or Shovtime or Cinemak during one summer in the mid-1990s, which my parents subscribed to these channels. Several times I encountered him in various parts and always seemed dark, bizarre and fascinating. At that time I was young, in the early teens; and now, after years of discovering the great Arliss Howard and the enthusiasm of "Big Bad Love", I bought the "Vilder Napalm" DVD and looked at it again with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved him! I was really impressed and hit by it. There are so many dynamic fluid complexities and wisdom in the movements and cinema of the camera; All this perfectly gelir with intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leaders, their stories, music and all other actors. It's really "Cinematic". I love the subtle intensity of Arliss Howard, ambivalent power and hidden intelligence, I am a great fan of everything he does; and his interaction with the manly joy of Debra Vinger (of course, they are married) has this magical charming reality that passes by the camera. (I wonder if they look at the anniversary of the wedding? ... "Big bad love" should be the next stop for everyone who did not see it, it's brilliant.) And Dennis Kuaid in full makeup of the clown, snapped by the introduced, leaning, hidden and shown by selecting a shot and full bloom of delivery is a kind of pure dark movie magic that you do not see often. Kuaid has always had a malicious quality for him, with that huge mouthpiece hidden behind his flickering eyes, waiting for him to be released as a naughty charm or devilish strangeness (here as both). Both Howard and Kuaid have a crazy fire behind the eyes to pull their beautiful intense indoor gunners in a dark cool way. In fact, the whole film has dark cold energy and intensity of the hip. It's truly a fantastic movie, composed of intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all involved parties. I really can not imagine how it was financed, and it looks like a pretty expensive, so conventional, imaginative system, but thank God for movies like this passage through the system every time for a while. In a great way, it reminds me of one of my favorite films of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" with all my bright, light carnival colors, hip-intelligence, dark-twisted true humor and fascinating chemistry ... nowadays compliment in my book!
