This war sitcom, written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best TV program ever Dads Armi, was not as good as the Dads Armi, but it's still very, very funny. It is a concert band in India. Most of the episodes were about BSM Villyams (Windsor Davies) who tried to put the jungle at a concert party, which he called a bunch of buffs. He was always unsuccessful because the unclear Colonel Reinolds (Donald Hevlett) and stupid captain Ashwood (Michael Knovles) were great fans of the concert party. The concert concert consisted of Bombadier Solomans (George Laiton), imitators Ginger Rogers Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvin Haies), university educated pianist Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, called John Clegg, singer Gunner "Lofti" Sugden , Gunner Parkins (Villiams thought Parkins was his son, he was pretty wrong), the big smoker "Nosher" Evans and the animal importer (Kenneth MacDonald), was not Percy Edwards. Also in the adventures were the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), Char-Vallah and Punkah-Vallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) who provided Rama with great support. Emissions, just like Dads Armi, left many phrases. Rangi Ram spoke to his Punk Vallah "Do not be so smart dickie" and he ended up a lot of shows saying: "Here is an old Hindi proverb, for example, When a woman has an affair with his best friend, your house does not cease to fire" Although Villiams had the most phrases . "Always shouted" Shuddup !!!!! "," Oh, dear, how sad, it does not matter "and when I talked with Gunner, I would always sarcastically speak in a hugely accent. </ P> <p> Shov does not enjoy the same recognition as the Dads Armi.This is probably because of the taste: this is considered as raw. Villiams is homophobic, called but they have to say that Villiams is boring. Also, some people think that there is a racial element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was obscene to play Rangi Ram (Bates was actually born in India, although he spoke urdu before speaking English), so the BBC will feel a little disturbing, even though the vast majority of people who watched the show agreed that the show was not racist, I know someone who is a half-Indian, and they were not even offended and agreed It was like me. Was that very funny? When I first see the episode, I laugh more than I do for any other series, but when I see it the second time, I can not be so much, but no matter how many times I see Dads Armi, I laugh many times in the episode. Best episode: The Way to Banua, Series 1, Episode 7
