While I was on the plane, scrolling through a large selection of movies, I came across Live! almost accidentally. oh boi! what choice? I remembered vaguely looking at the trailer more than a year ago and completely forgot about it, expecting nothing more than another movie about stupid stupidity about stupid reality shovu. Now I can easily say this is a hellish drive. I do not remember the last time I was so excited, scared. I'm not sure if it was a high level of playing with my senses, but the tension grows gradually through the movie until it reaches a climax where you can not turn from the screen, literally sitting on the edge of the seat and biting the remaining nails First, you will go through a personal moral assessment about where you are about the fairness of the performance. You will be stunned by thinking "how can a human being be so mean" to "why not after all?". Ask yourself if you would. Then learn about the competitors, their motives and begin to guess. Then you will watch the contestant pulling the trigger one by one and getting excited though you know that the first candidate is safe. Good acting, good direction, with film experience that reminds you of those old movies in which you knew what would happen in the next scene, but they still craved for more. * Spoilers * Several things I would change: - Throw away competitors. I was really encouraged by farmers and we should have a little more like him. The idea of ​​a rich writer who wants to be famous is a bit silly, it seems that you do not care about some competitors. Although this could have been intentional, I think the audience should be able to join with most of the participants. - Game rules, a big problem: what happens if a fifth competitor does not die when he pulls the trigger. Do you seriously think that the last standing guy will pull the trigger and execute himself !!! they should have given chance to all contestants to live, i.e. If the fifth is empty, then nobody dies. Interestingly, I did not bother too much about these bad points for which I really had a good time. I just want to have some popcorn with me!
