"Lion King 1 1/2" is the most entertaining non-theatrical program from Disney. I recently saw this movie again after I have not seen it for many years. I remember seeing for the first time that I did not have any expectations and that I was pleasantly surprised with this movie that can be seen and very funny. Is It Better Than "Simba's Pride"? In many ways, yes. Although "Simba Pride" was not very bad, it suffered from some problems: the lack of good scripts and bad characteristics, which affected what would otherwise be a good movie. In any case: It's nice to see Timon and Pumba's personality flourish again in the way we (or certainly me) like to watch them in this movie; in "Simba's Pride" were totally unpleasant and I did not like the "Timon and Pumbaa" series. This movie could easily be silly, but luckily, the filmmakers did not take the wrong turn and instead focused on making this film extremely hilarious sometimes. There are several jokes that adults can enjoy themselves. The result is pretty good. There are two new songs, which are appealing and two new characters, Timon's mother (by the recognizable Marge Simpsons Julie Kavner) and Uncle Mak, who are comfortable. The friendship between Timon and Pumbao is presented in a touching manner. Emotional scenes are well integrated into a comic story and do not feel as if they are not in place, which could easily be done (especially in comedies). But is there anything that disturbs this picture from getting 10 votes from me? Yes there is. Although fortunately they do not affect too much, but I will mention them: 1. Many scenes from the first movie are used in this one. Personally, it was strange to see the old scene integrated with the new one. 2. During the peak, some of the jokes become chromatic. 3. Storivise, this is Timon's story, and although filmmakers are trying to integrate his story with Simbin, it makes the script sometimes hurry. But these details do not affect the otherwise fun movie. . This is the only acceptable Disney continuation, which should be in every collection of films.
