Finally, Timon and Pumbaa in their movie ... "The King of Lions 1: 2: Hakuna Matata" is a dishonorable new film about the classic story. What classical story do you ask? Why, the lion king, of course! Yes, if there is one thing that Disney is never missing, it's narcissism. But this does not mean that this is not a good movie. These are basically the events of the "King of the Lions", as stated from Timon and Pumba's perspective. And that's why you will need to know the story of the 'Lion King' in order to see where they come from. In any case, at one level I looked at this and thought. "Oh, my God, this is so miserable ..." and at the second level I had a ball. A lot of humor is predictable - I think, when Pumbaa makes two beds, big for yourself and a little for Timon, in the first nanosecond we all know that Timon will take a big one. But this does not prevent him from being hilarious, which is, in short, 'Hakuna Matata'. That's not what's happening, that's how. And the warning: there are some priceless jokes. Seriously, did you expect something else in a movie where Pumbaa takes a central position? But as the farts of farts go, this is especially good, and should satisfy even the most important connoisseur. Reverse voice talent is excellent. Somehow I'm surprised that some of the actors were willing to come back, and most of them have only two or three lines (if they get lucky). Vhoopi Goldberg is particularly welcome. The music is also excellent. From 'Digga Tunnah' at the beginning to 'It's All I Need', the adaptations of 'Varthog Rhapsody' (a song cut from 'The Lion King' and sincerely much improved in this incarnation), music leaves me In the end, Timon and Pumbaa are great figures, and while it can be argued that 'Hakuna Matata' is simply an excuse to see them in various entertaining and varied compromise situations. then let it be so. You can rarely find characters with whom you just want to spend time. Do I start to sound creepy? Anyway, 'The Lion King 1 1/2' is great if you've seen 'The Lion King' too many times. Especially if you are thinking now "Do not be ridiculous, there is no such thing as seeing the Lion King" too many times! "
