If you are a child, if you claim to be an adult. This half-extension of the King of the Lions sees how to turn the signs of Timon and Pumba, transmitting the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great tradition of Disney, inferior sequences were made, and occasionally TV shows with smaller-character adventures from their biggest hits. You can be skeptical about how much you want about it, but children and fans of the series are unlikely to care; there is enough joke and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of a few above-average sequences. This works because of the charm of the favorite central characters, fast pace, in-movies that include the first movie, and for the older viewers there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as always, if it is a little less glittering than the original, but the plot here is all about making it easier, Hakuna Matata. \ T film, often stopping movies to joke about his parts, as a real audience. We see that Timone is close to the exiled one, he feels that he does not fit and decides to look beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way she meets Pumbu, another outcast, and they become friends. They soon meet Simba, the young lion, the natural predators T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that she has to follow her fate and leave the group, she is on the other to decide whether to help or not and how. Of course, the usual Disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good against evil, etc. The action is simple, but it works on many levels, making it smarter than the average animated film. As CG films appear, Disney's traditional form must become smarter, but not forget the roots that made them popular. The story of toys and ever since were smart, with scarves that fit all ages, and this seems to be the way the market is changing. However, there will always be places for such films, and you can not make a mistake when buying this for young people. 7 of 10
