Lion King 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive sequel. Do not expect the production value of the theater edition, but expect the highest quality of direct video editions. and quickly shift marks and begin to narrate their story. This is done with frequent comedy breaks. For example, during a certain tense moment, a commercial shop appears at home, and an upset Pump realize that it is sitting on the remote control. These little moments sprinkle the movie, and whether you consider them entertaining or not, it will largely depend on your sense of humor. If you are particularly troubled by films that deliberately remind the viewer to watch a movie, then it may not be your glass. The animation is the best that they have invested in the Disney DTV line, and is almost flawlessly integrated with the original material. Newer, independent material uses a lot of artistic originals. The voice talents were well performed, although I could not think of Marge Simpson every time I heard Julie Kavner. Many jokes in the movie will be well recognized by spectators as recycled through generations, but they are presented more with knowing the comfort of older friends than the boring repetition. The music prompted me to figure out how much I enjoyed and missed a good music integrated with Disney function. The Dig A Tunnel foot toe function is well choreographed and hilarious. Timon and Pumba take into account the order of opening Lyon King and their introduction into paradise. The only problem was the 'Dig A Tunnel' reprieve at the end of the film, switching verses and adjustments from defeating to uplifting. The story line is pretty well done and the integration of the new Elements of Action is done almost perfectly, although the last battle during the hyena has slightly pulled the credibility of the story. It seems that the new story does not treat saccharin or emotionally charged moments well, and it does better when it comes to full comedy. All in all, it's worth buying. If you like all bonus features that come with a typical set of two discs, then go to it. For coins that still want to put in a good shot, wait until four or more dollars fall out and rent it immediately. Damion Crovlei.
