Since I am the fan of the first king of lions, I definitely enjoyed this film, but I knew there was really no way to be as good as the original. I know that many fans of Disney are cautious in movies with direct videos, because I also have mixed feelings. As I watched the King of the Lions 1, I tried to figure out what my view was about this movie. Will I be so pious about Lion King that I will sing on certain scenes, or will I just accept this film as another look at the story of Lion King? Most of the time I found myself accepting this other. Lion King 1½ definitely has its sweet and fun moments. Timon and Pumbaa stole the show in the first film and definitely earned a film that was focused on them. People just love these characters! My favorite parts of the film include the installation of Timon and Pumba that takes care of the young Simba and a surprising ending with some great cameos. I could do it without a lot of jokes in the bathroom, though, as the real reason why they all bowed baby Simba at the beginning of Lion King 1. I assume that these types of jokes are for the younger set (which is on end of the target audience. Video clips.) However, I will say that I was a little angry when they directly linked scenes from the original movie to this movie. I'm too familiar with the original that these scenes just sprayed like a painful thumb for me. Something would be different from music or voices that would only distract me. As for music, it was not bad, but do not expect some classics to come from this movie. At least LK2 had a nice ballad, "Love will find a way". As far as voice is concerned, this was done well in this film. Nathan Lane and Ernie Sabella did a great job as always, and even new members of the band, classic comedy actress Jerry Stiller and Julie Cavern (best known as Marge Simpson), also did a great job. You can even enjoy this great voice talent even more by checking Virtual Safari on the 2 DVD disc. It's definitely fun !! All in all, the King of Lions 1½ is not the perfect movie, but it's sweet and fun. I think many fans of Lion King will enjoy it and appreciate it for what is - a fun, cheerful look at the masterpiece of Lion King from the perspective of our funny friends. My IMDb Rating: 7/10. We Yahoo! Rating: B (good)
