Shine is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the original novel, written by Stephen King, but is often remembered as one of the best film performances of the work of the master of horror. The reason for this is two factors: the masterpiece of Stanley Kubrick and the cold acting by Jack Nicholson. Nicholson starring Jack Torrance, a writer who accepts to take care of the Overlook hotel in Canada during the winter period, not affected by the terrible stories surrounding this site: he argues that a beautiful, isolated location is exactly what he needs to finish his new book. That's why Overlook is becoming the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy, especially from the start, feels something is wrong: the chef, Dick O'Halloran (Scatman Crothers), told him that he was endowed with mysterious psychic energy, a titular glow that allows people like him and Dick. to see, among other things, flashes from the past and the future. Due to this "gift", the power of the hotel is immediately of interest to Dannia, although he is quite capable of resisting them. It's not Jack's case; however, he becomes more paranoid about his wife's affection and looks for comforts in the society of what can best be defined as ghosts, triggering a chain of madness and fear that is very difficult to break. The Shining works as a horror film because Kubrick, although he had never worked on this type of film before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, and therefore a greater focus on the atmosphere and psychological shocks than blood and creative bloodshed. King criticized the director for changing the majority of the story, omitting most of Jack / Danny's underworld (only indicated in the film) that led to the emotionally strong climax of the book, and although his disappointment was valid, the omission was indeed necessary: ​​the novel dealt with redemption, although in an unconventional way, and redemption is a topic Kubrik, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, never had. What interests him is mental, and then physical, imbalance that threatens characters, and he retains a creepy tone even thanks to a very cold approach and professional use of steadicam recording (Danny's encounter with two spooky twins is the best example) Another critique by the king it was about actors, especially Nicholson: in the opinion of the writer, his trademark at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, which undermined the rest of the deal. The truth is that Nicholson seems a little stupid from the very beginning, but it's also true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for this role) would probably not be able to perform the performance as daunting as Nicholson: from the moment he begins to laugh at the more disturbing way than now immortal "Here's Johnny!" scene, it's impossible to imagine another actor playing that part, and although the 1997 The Shining TV version is not bad, the Torrance character is indelibly linked to One Flood over a cowardly nest. As for Duvall and Lloyd, they both add great support, and another particularly deserves a place with The Omen's Damien and Haley Joel Osment as big movie horror children's icons. One might complain that Duvall is completely different from his colleague from the book (blonde and beautiful) and that he does not have much to do but scream and run, but two things should be taken into consideration: a) in the 1980s, the "queen of screaming" clichés "t it iet; b) rarely any actress looked so sincerely scared at the camera, making the difference in a movie in another movie compared to the real fear that comes out of Wendy's eyes. Irvine Wales, author Trainspotting, once said, is not such a thing as a completely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should knowing, given the freedoms Danni Boile took when his screen was screened), but that does not mean that the movie is necessarily bad. Shining proves that this is about perfection: very little of the novel, about 5%, is included in film, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson's hands, this masterclass in loose film translation becomes one of the best, most original horror images of all time, which really speaks something, given the current bad form of the genre.
