Sometimes this overcomes the thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is a more effective and funny movie, Kubrick is artistic, more challenging, and perhaps more terrifying. It is one of the few films where I can look at the past of his faults and truly love him completely. I'm not trying to compare it to the book? which I read only once, a few years ago, and who scared me to death? because the two of them do not have much in common, except the stories and characters obviously. Almost as if Kubrik banked on human love for a novel to make his film even more scary. And so this is definitely one of the most interesting adaptations ever made, as well as one of the biggest horror films. What makes a movie so frightening is not a terrible jump, not blood and up, and not various ghosts that occasionally appear. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people complained about the performance of Nicholson in this role, saying it was too obvious that he would go crazy in the film, given his past roles and appearance. I do not agree. We know he's going crazy? since most of us read the book? and Jack's phenomenon only deepens this idea. But this is the way it behaves in the beginning, which makes us really scared. He is calm, quiet, patient. He engages in a small conversation with hotel managers and even with his family. And with a woman and a son who is irritating as his, it's a little surprising that he succeeds. But once he gets to Izida, he changes. It gets irritable, angry, on the edge. The scene that always shock me is when Wendy interrupts him to the key, and he completely loses it, telling her to "leave himself". This is the first f-bomb that fell into the film, and it's a shock for the system. Since then, all bets have been excluded. Another thing I like is the multiple interpretation present in the movie. We are never sure if what we see is actually happening. Many critics have noted that whenever Jack talks to the spirit, there is a mirror that shows that he can speak with himself. But what about other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the peak of the film, until the crowd of the spooky inhabitants of the hotel has come across her, but she is aware that something is wrong, while Danni almost immediately connects with the city. His psychic powers are not in question? How else would Hallorann know he came to the hotel? ?? but has he ever seen one of the ghosts his parents testify to? It's easy to claim that Jack just lost, was captured in a hotel with his family, and Wendy later did it well? You see your husband is trying to kill you with an ax? but what about Danny? His body seems to be taking Tony, but how can we know for sure? None of these characters is a reliable witness. Halloran would probably be, and he warns of the dangers of 237, but he is killed as soon as he arrives at Overlook (fear that Kubrik achieves by playing on the assumptions of the fans of the novel). And that last blow. Has there ever been a more enigmatic ending in cinema? Was Jack really there before? Or did his body just 'absorb' into the hotel? When we talk about acting in this movie, every discussion starts and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most admirable performances in cinematic history? probably intentional, to give Jack the character more reason to crack? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is powerful. Part of the method, part of the improvisation, is both terrifying and appealing. For better or worse, he is the character with which we identify ourselves, not the boring kid or the complaining woman. We all want to have a hotel for ourselves for a season, so we can do whatever we want. Who cares if he is haunted? Of course, technical aspects are excellent. Kubrick's long shots, odd angles and bizarre images all contribute to horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long corridors and any other motive only reinforces this. And do not even run me on that score. I do not know if the movie would be half without a scary electronic melody. His wonders perfectly reflect the hotel, the mood and the whole film. I know that King does not like this movie, but King's contribution to the movie is nothing to boast of. As long as he was a great writer of the novel, his scripts are terrible, and his attempt to direct it is better to leave it unnecessary. This is not a very faithful adaptation of the book, but it does not have to be, and it really should not be. Part of the film's horror is that the viewer has no book to rely on; there is no secure source material. Kubrick masterfully changes his narration to scare the audience even further. If only for this, this is one of the most innovative movies in any genre. And there's everything else on top of that.
