"Shining" starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) who drives to an isolated hotel called "Overlook" located high in the Colorado Mountains for an interview with his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming a Winter Caretaker. Ullman tells Jack he will be responsible for basic hotel maintenance, but will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months, as winter winter arrived. Together with her husband Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and her young son Danny (Lloyd), Jack moves to the hotel and at first everything looks fine, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and all they need is at their disposal. However, the Overlook hotel has a dark past with a previous guardian who kills his entire family before committing suicide, and Danny has the ability to "shine" which means he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things that "ordinary" people can not . As the days, weeks and months start to cross, Jack becomes more and more crazy, Danny "looks" things and people until Wendy gets mad because she has no idea what is happening to her family, while the heavy snowstorm leaves them trapped. Jack finally loses ... This English production is co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a nice film of horror. It seems that The Shining is another movie that exists in two different versions, and the one I will comment on is a shorter European cut that lasts just under 2 hours. The scenario of Kubrick and Diana Johnson is based on Stephen King's novel, which I have not read, so I can not compare them with regard to psychological horror, not visual with just one murder throughout the entire film. There are only a few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy & Danni that are really important, because the movie concentrates on them almost exclusively if you care about them, you become involved in them and what they are going through. The tempo is a bit slow, but this is a movie that has not felt so long and makes you interested. On the negative side, I do not think Jack's judgment is crazy and he wants to kill his family hard enough to convince me, the fact that Jack is running out of the freezer without any explanation and I do not know if I missed him. Something, but this region did not make any sense to me, I'm still trying to figure out what it's all about! There is very little in the way of violence or worse, some broken zombie ghosts, and someone is killed by an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that does not have to rely on blood and special effects because it has a bunch of stories. With a budget of around $ 19,000,000 The Shining is technically flawless as you would expect from an obscure filmmaker such as Kubrick, the cinema is brilliant with some fantastic free and smooth steady-state shots while the camera effortlessly monitors the characters around the corridor of the corridors, the sets look absolutely real and instead of clichy old houses with a shadowy theme such as dark corners, basements and spiders, Kubrick brings things so far with brightly lit corridors, massive open spaces and a modern décor (modern m out, just check the red VC out!). The acting is good of everyone involved, but as is common in horror films, the kid is very boring and Nicholson looks crazy from the very beginning. The Shining is an absorbing movie in which I enjoy watching, although I'm not sure I'll look at it again soon. For those who are looking for explosions and a special effects fan, you will be disappointed, for those who are looking for the horror of a terrible house with a strong story that I definitely think of The Shining for you is worth looking at in my humble opinion.
