* !! - SPOILERS - !! * Before I start this, let me say that I had both the advantages of watching this movie on the big screen and that I saw the "Authorized Version" of this film, edited by Stephen King, himself, in 1997 . Both advantages have prompted me to appreciate this version of "The Shining", even more. Also, let me tell you that I read the book by g. Kinga, "The Shining" on many occasions over the years, and although I love the book and I am a big fan of his work, Stanley Kubrick convinced this story much more convincingly ... Kubrick really knows how to convey the horror of the psyche directly to the film. In the direction of the film and the writing of the script, he got the title "Magus" without a doubt. Kubrick's genius is like magic. The film world lost a great director when he died in 1999. Among his other prominent credits are: Eies Vide Shut, 1999; Full Metal Jacket, 1987; Barry Lindon, 1975; A Clockvork Orange, 1971; 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1968; Spartacus, 1960 and much more. Torrents (Jack, Wendy, his wife and Danny, their son) live winter at the Overlook hotel; Jack is hired as a guard. His job is to oversee the maintenance of the hotel during several months of hard snow, until the spring when Overlook opened its doors. It looks like there are many rich and exhausted tourists who will gather in the Colorado Mountains for a snowy summer vacation. The hotel was an impressive piece of architecture and staging. He borrowed the atmosphere, dark, but at the same time a "welcoming" atmosphere. Furniture and furniture were all periods (in the late 70s - early 80s), and the filmography of the landscape that was approaching the hotel in the opening scene was brilliant. Not only does it allow you to enjoy the Overlooking approach, but also to damp you as far as the hotel is abandoned and isolated from the rest of the world. The introduction of Wendy and Danny's characters was a move of genius. You got the whole story of their past, Danny's "imaginary friend," Tony, and the story of Jack's alcoholism that has all turned into this beautiful, neat introductory scene. There was no need to stretch the past through two hours of film; Obviously, Kubrick saw it from the beginning. Day Closure. Again, a colorful mountain-to-hotel ride (this time, with a family in a hurry), the interaction between Jack and Dennis was hilarious, while also showing a very disturbing exchange. The initial tour is overwhelming, even when "staff" moves things, you get the opportunity to see magnificent fireplaces, high cathedral ceilings and expensive furniture, bedrooms and crown moldings in architecture. "They did a good job! Pink and gold are my favorite colors." (Wendy Torrence) Even "staff wing" is well designed and nicely built. The maze was a magnificent touch, reminiscent of the Labyrinth in which the Minotaur in Crete was the Guardian. When Jack Nicholson stands on a labyrinth model and stares at the center, seeing that Wendy and Danny enter, it's a magical moment; the one who tells you immediately, there are heavy energies in that house; something seriously wrong, it's already starting. "I would not want to go there, unless I had at least an hour to find the exit." (Hotel Manager) Scatman Cruthers, as Dick Halloran, was honest and open in his appearance. His smiles were natural and his performance was wonderful. You could have believed that you were in the hotel, visiting the kitchen with Wendy and "Doc." His explanation of "great" Danny was very well done, as did his conversation with the child about Tony and the hotel. That was convincing and sincere. The cutting and scanning of the hotel itself, with the mountains rising behind, the cold air that spins around, the fog that rises from the warm roof of the hotel that it has set up, adds so much in the atmosphere of the film. It also marks the point "half way to hell", so to speak; a turning point in the film. Shelley Duvall's display of Wendy Torrence was a masterpiece. (Well VHAT if she also played Olive Oil? She only shows her wonderful diversity!) Honestly, before I saw a big-screen movie in 1980, I said: "What? Olive Oil?" Lol * (Popeie is also released in the 1980s) But I returned it as soon as the film started, she is brilliant. In the opinion of this Fiend, this is her best performance so far! (Although I loved Steve Martin "Rokanne" 1987) Once Kubrik has established pearl information that you, the viewer, must be in possession of: Torrential past, Danny's broken arm, Tony, history itself The hotel, the fact that Danny is not "mental", but instead is the visionary, and the general arrangement of the hotel, all of which you get in the introductory sequences, the movie never stops you from scared. Two slaughtered daughters previous guardian, Delbert Gradi (the girls appeared several times with Danny, first through Tony in the apartment before the family ever went to the temple hotel) were the icons Danny could identify with, and at the same time he was scared. They persecuted (and persecuted), and showed Danny how and where they were killed, in a rather graphic and material way. Kubrick's Tony was written as an accompanying spirit, as a spiritual guide that he acquired as a result of his hand almost to his father's body pushed off. He was ... "the little boy who lives in my mouth." He would appear at the end of Daniel's finger and speak physically through Danny to talk to Daniel. Not like in a book, I understand where Tony was intended for Steven King as Danny's projection as an elderly boy, trying to save his father. Kubrick omitted this little turn and somehow frightened him when Toni "took ... Danny ... over." The idea of ​​Danny's older self-projecting back to his younger person is not ... terrible. The "Woman in the Shower" scene by Lia Beldan (which I can not find other credits) because she did anything earlier, or since then) as a younger woman and Billie Gibson (who also seem to suffer from lack of credit for works before or after), it was seductively disgusting and fundamentally disgusting. It was dramatic and scary. It's disgusting and scary. When Nicholson looks in the mirror and sees her meat falling apart under her arm; the look of pure horror on his face was so complete and true. Jack quickly embarked on his journey from "jonesing" an alcoholic to a lunatic that can be confirmed. Kubrick carefully and thoroughly documented the degradation of the mental state of his character. Jack's current friendship with Lloyd (as only alcoholics, potential mental patients and drug addicts do it) shows his need for the atmosphere that Lloyd uses; namely, alcohol ... "the hair of a dog that has eaten me". (Jack Torrence) In Jack's case, it's a bourbon on the rocks, without paying Jack. "Order from home." (Lloyd the Bartender) A nice word game. When Wendy's invention of Jack's "scenario" is nothing but a page for the same line that is written over and over, although in 8 or 9 different creative styles. ... when he asks from the shadow: "How do you like it?" and Wendy spins and screams with a baseball bat in his hand ... is so touching. It's a point where he realizes how much confusion is in the whole situation ... how close Jack is. It is very scary, dramatic and provides a strong presence. This, together with Daniel's visions of the blood-filled hotel lobby, imposed on the scene between Jack and Wendy, and with the confronting ending of this scene, make this perhaps the strongest scene of the film. Scene "REDRUM". Vov. What can I say? Which mother would not be completely crazy when she woke up to find her young, upset son standing above them with a huge knife, speaking in that weird, small voice, shouting "REDRUM" over and over again? Even if it had no meaning, it would still be scary as the 7th level of HELL. It was something that everyone could (and have) remember. Talking about unforgettable scenes ... Nicholson's latest assault on his family with an ax may have been one of the most terrible scenes of film history. His advertisement "Heeeeere's Johnny!" was the brilliance of brilliance and is one of the most striking scenes in the history of horror. It also comes down to the history of horror films. End ...? Kubrick's area was perfection. I felt that it ended nicely. There is no smarma, there are no puffy whispers, no teary idiotic ending for THIS movie. Just epitomized perfection. That's all I'm going to say about the topic of the end. Who cares what is extracted?! See what Kubrick put in IN. Rent it, watch it, BUY IT. It's a classic in the horror genre and for a good reason. IT RAVKS !! * I'm Me * ... Take this film, and put it in your Stephen King collection, and take the 1997 "Authorized" version made by King and pin it to the kiddie section. It belongs here. .: This film estimates 9.98 from Fiend :.
