Sometimes it takes a master who makes a movie, such as Kubrik, to bring something special, that unique, irrepressible and elusive ingredient that transforms a great movie or excellent script into a masterpiece, one for centuries. It's not just that the story of Steven King has enough meat and potatoes, making it even more difficult for the most traditional directors to miss. Even the King himself was not so bad. So Kubrick perceives King's universe, how he turns the page into screen time, which makes SHINING and a visual feast and compact masterclass directed. Kubrick miss-en-scene is, as usual, great. The film is progressing with a lively, sharp and lively pace, although it is neither fast nor highly arranged, and is watched not less than 160 minutes. The camera passes through the luxurious corridors of the Overlook Hotel, as if it were a kind of mystical labyrinth for research, linear shooting that reveals the finestly decorated interiors in their full size. There is symmetry and geometric approach to how Kubrick perceives a space that reminds me very much of how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. It is as if it is inconsistent with how all the different elements are balanced within the framework. Certain images definitely stand out. The first recording of Jack's typewriter, accompanied by a ball-screen display, such as a drum of fate coming from another floor or produced by the typewriter itself, as if it were an instrument itself, later turned out to be nothing more than that. A red river flowing through the hotel elevators slowly. Jack struck an ax through the door, and the camera moved along with him, following the action that was going, instead of staying static, as if the camera was piercing the door, not cutting it. Ultra-rapid zooming of the child's face that pulls us in the head before we see two dead girls from his POV. And of course, the bathroom scene. It's been said that Jack Nicholson is intrusive. His craziness is not entirely successful, because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy looks half-crazy anyway. Playing insanity turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most desirable castration choices that Kubrick has ever had. Coming from a series of fantastic performances for Robert Altman of the seventies (3 women, loves us, NASHVILLE), she brings her character the true amount of fragility and emotional anxiety. A brilliant and very undervalued actress.
