Shining, you know what's weird in this movie? This is a movie that everyone, for people who say they do not like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is a great movie. This is the classic vision of Stanley Kubrick about the terrible story of the madness and blood of Stephen King. This is just an incredible movie and you saw it or not, you heard about it, knew a few lines from it and knew some of the classic pictures. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!"? Who could forget "All works and no game make Jack become a boring boy"? Who could forget that end? This is a film that is unforgettable and honest in my opinion is Kubrick's best work. I know that there are many arguments in this department, many people say that this is 2001: Space Odissei or Clockvork Orange or even Dr. This is a story of isolation, insanity, scary pictures and the ultimate story of ghosts that will crawl under your skin. Jack Torrance, Dan's Jack Jack, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at Overlook Hotel on the day of closing. Older African-American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny telepathically by talking to him and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother have shared a gift; they called the communication "great". Danny wondered if there was something to be scared at the hotel, especially in Room 237. Dick told Danny that the hotel had some "shine" and many memories, not all good, and advised him to stay out of the room. 237 under all circumstances. More curiosity about room 237 finally gets better from him when he sees the room is open. Danny appeared hurt and visibly traumatized after Jack told Wendy to love his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks that Jack had been molesting Danny. Jack enters the Gold Hotel Room where he meets a witty bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts to speak the word "redrum" and writes on the walls. He enters the trance and retreats; now says that he is Tony, his "imaginary friend". Jack sabotates the radio radio, interrupting communication with the outside world, but Hallorann received Danni's telepathic call for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has typed endless pages of manuscripts that repeat: "All works and the game do not make Jack boring boy" formatted in different ways. Horrified, Jack is threatening her and she will be grounded with a baseball bat, locking him in the cabin in the kitchen. Jack talks to Gradi through the door of the locker, which then unlocks the release. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in the lipstick on the door of the Vendine bedroom. When he looks in the mirror, he sees that this "Murder" is written backwards. Jack takes the ax and begins to cut through the door leading to the family's flats. "Here's Johnny!" And Jack's legendary picture was born. Great is one of those movies that you seriously need to take the time to see, this is an incredible movie and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But I consider that she is also very neglected by Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack's work "All Works"? it's incredible, it's an expression of horror and you can see that fear on her face after you've realized that her husband is crazy. Also, another incredible scene is when Jack sees a spiritual woman in a bath, it is truly one of the most horrible scenes in horror cinema. The reason why this film is so well known is that it is a film of perfection, it was on Simpsons, it's shown in other films and it's a movie that will forever stay with you when you see it, trust me. 10/10
