Okay, okay, maybe not the biggest one. I mean, Ekorcist and Psicho and a few others are hard to miss, but The Shining is up there. This, however, is by far the best story about Stephen King made in the film. It's better than Stand, better than the Five Sematars (if not so scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better than Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand Bi Me (hard, though), and yes, it's better than the Shavshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I do not care what the IMDb Top 250 says. I read that, a few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick classified novels in his home trying to find the one who could make a good movie, and from the second room his wife would hear a noise burst every half an hour or more, while he frustratedly threw books on the wall. In the end, for nearly two hours she did not hear any noise, and when she went to check and see if she died in her chair or something (of course, I respect that, of course), she found that she concentrated on the book he had in his hand, and the book was brilliant. And thank God, too, because he turned that book into one of the best horror films ever. Stephen King can thank for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and son to a distant hotel to oversee it during a particularly isolated winter while working on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his dead performance as Jack Torrance (if Jack had the role of a character named Jack?), As well as his impeccable delivery of several now-known lines (`Heeeeer Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can thank her for giving a performance that allows the audience to connect with Jack's wishes to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this great story to his recognizable touch, and whoever was a casting director can be thanked for bringing the dumbest twin to the planet to play the role of murdered girls. One of the most important aspects of this film, which is necessary for the story to have the most significant effect, is isolation, and it is impeccable. The film begins with a long scene that follows Jack while driving to an old hotel in a job interview for the winter job. Shortly thereafter, the same thing follows that follows Jack and his family as they ride a windy mountain path to the hotel. This time, the scene was mixed with the recordings of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in a car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak into a quick suggestion about the evil of television, while Wendy expresses concern about the conversation about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says that's OK because he already saw him on TV ("You see? It's okay, he's seen on television."). The hotel itself is the perfect place for a story like this. And the goddamn past is far more scary than the huge rooms that are responding and the long corridors. These rooms with their clothes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but the corridors really created the bulk of the scarcity of this film, and Kubrick's traditional footage gives the corridors a creepy three-dimensional feel. Early in the film, there is a famous clip that follows Danny in a large circle while riding the hall at its Big Wheel (is that what it is called?), And its relative speed (as well as the twitching made by wheels such as it returns back and forth from wooden floors to carpet) gives a feeling that we do not know what is behind the corner. And as a story about Stephen King, you expect something that will pop you. I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the most horrible in the movie) when Danny plays on the floor, and the ball slowly rolls to it. She looks up and sees a long open corridor, and because the ball is something of a children's toy, you expect them to be those terribly daring twins that led him to him. Anyway, you've got a point. The Shining is a damn terrifying film. In addition to the fact that there is a rare quality of horror movie that does not smoke, The Shining has a very deep story that really keeps you guessing and leaves you feeling that there is something you missed. Was Jack always there, just like his gentleman? Gradi said in a man's room? Was he really on that ball in 1921, or is it just someone who looks just like him? If he was always a janitor, as Mr. Gradi said, does that mean that HIM was crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr. Gradi after all? One thing is for the film to leave the free ends that should be tied, it's just the central film. For example, The Amitiville Horror, who obviously copied most of The Shining to his theme, did it. However, it's completely different when the movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (like most Kubrick films). Another thing we can thank Stanley Kubrick for, and for him we should thank him, is not throwing this book on the wall. It would be a film tragedy.
