A cool, magnificent piece of film fear, this film combines all the great elements of the intellectual thriller, with a great vision of the director who has the instinctive ability to stomach a horror horror in the domain of his ingenious film, which involves an original shot, an ice sound record and the overall feeling of dehumanization. This film cuts through all the typical horror films like red poker through the human eye, allowing the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychosis of his protagonist, but also to appreciate the seed derived from the disorder. One of the most terrible things people face is unknown, and this film represents a plot with only that mind in mind. The city is perfect, in a desolate winter hideout. The silence of the moment is a character in itself, as the aggressor of fermentation in Jack Torrance's head falls during this slippery time and the devil raises a new playground. I always felt as if the presence of evil was drowsy in all our minds, with only the current circumstances and the reasons given to him, in order to awaken his violent ass and wriggle over his victims. This film is a perfect example of this thought. And it's in the subtle touches of this movie, the clapping of a big guy riding through the empty corridors of a hotel, a maze of gardens that represents a thin line of mind between the healthy and the crazy, Kubrick's deliberately transformed inconsistent editing, the errors of continuity and setting the wrong arrangements, to discover the world guided by the just and tangible, but under the influence of the powerful and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without it as a parallel point, I am proud to say that this is one of the most horrible films I've ever seen. I thought that the time of the film could have been a little reduced, but again, I'm not one of the most appreciated directors in the history of the film, so maybe I should keep my criticism of two cents for the ultimate film. film, yourself. All in all, this film attracts your attention with its great form and vision, it entices you with some terror and eccentric direction, connects you and sticks to your heart with its cold-blooded view of the mind of man's overwhelming, creepy atmosphere and the loss of humanity. Rating: 9/10
