Anthony McGarten adapted his play, Via Satellite, and directed the best comedy film to leave New Zealand for a long time. Chrissi Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is interrupted. She has not achieved much in her last years and has become indignant at her family from the confession of her father's death. Her twin sister Carol (also shown by Danielle Cormack) enjoys the media while she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympic Games. A middle-aged director without desire and desperate (Brian Sergent) and his well-intentioned cameraman - who is also Chrissy's night for one night from the previous night - Paul (Karl Urban) is recording the proud moment of the Dunn family; Watching Carol swims to victory. It would not be that bad, but Chrissie's family is a shame. First, there is the matricist Vellingtonian Dunns, Joice (Donna Akerston). She makes fairy cakes and sausages for an important filmmaker and refuses to change the way she is. Her oldest daughter, Yen (Rima Te Viata), desperately wants to be something more than usual. It has a beautiful home (with walls in the bedroom painted "Blackberries sorbet"), expensive tastes and nasty parasitic relationship. It's also approaching the 40th and desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme), is an electrician and is forced to do jobs that do not have to work ... as well as jobs that need to be done, i.e. Jen. Middle daughter, Lin (Jodie Dordai - who won the Best Supporting Actress award at New Zealand Film Awards for this portrait) is a "defeated" whore who has a dubious history with Ken. Both older sisters are clashing, the mother is in a state, Ken is as bad as Tim Tailor, Carol pushes her Olympic desire, and Chrissy is aware that all this can be cast on national television - why would not she be embarrassed? It's great to see some of the famous New Zealand actors in the suburban comedy with clever lines. I loved sparing between Jen and Lin. One is like an adult Mona-my-biological-clock-typing, the other is a narcissistic rogue who has what her sister wants - a cake in the oven. The peak of the film is rather sentimental and beautifully performed. Performances are delicacy and the film works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
