Lorna Green (Janine Reinaud) is an actor for rich intellectuals at a local club. She becomes the victim of her fantasies because the promise of romantic interludes turns into murder as she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through the form of a hypnotic suggestion, someone (... a possible master of the task that pulls his ends like a doll) leads Lorna into killing those whom he encounters in lonely places just when it seems that the creation of love on the road begins. After the murders were committed in her fantasies, Lorna wakes up confused, often not knowing if what she knew in her dreams ever happened in reality. If someone asked me how to describe this job from Frank, I would say it is elegant and difficult. So far, you've probably read the comments of other users who are confused about what this film is about, since much of it happens in a surreal atmosphere of sleep. In an interview, Franco mentioned that on his career he was heavily influenced by Godard, as far as film style is concerned, and decided to leave a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a completely different kind of viewing experience. And, as you read from the reaction of user comments here ... something like this decision, others think that style is concerned, it's boring and confusing. I will be the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even Franco himself, when asked by critics who watched "Succubus", admitted that he did not even understand the film and directed it! Some might say that "Sukubus" was just the forerunner of his more admired work, "Venus in the Fur," he considered his masterpiece of the Franco-believer, because he also adopted a surreal, sane structure in which the protagonist does not know if he / experiencing something real or imagined. In a sense, as a protagonist, we experience the same kind of confusion. Certainly, "Succubus" is an unconventional film creativity in which we are not given the keys to what is happening exactly. And much of the elusive dialogue does not help. "Succubus" is also populated by beaten types and "poet-speak", Corman's movie, "A Bucket of Blood" fun. My favorite scene teases the possible lesbian interludes between Lorne and the woman she meets at a glamorous party ... a pretty bizarre fantasy sequence in which puppets are used rather unusually. Great locations and jazz score. I loved this film myself, although I can understand why it gets a negative reaction. I loved a scene at a lively party with Lorna, a little drunk, who shivered on the floor in a beautiful evening dress while the others attended the shindig (.. equally futile) who pushed her into a embrace of kisses.
