I did not see all the films Jess Franco, I saw 5, I think there are more than 180. So it may be a little early to say so, but "Necronomicon Getraumte Sunden" (better known as "Succubus", but it's a cut version) is in my opinion , if not the best, certainly at Franco's best. Franco is best known (though perhaps "well-known" maybe a little exaggerated) for "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cult film that gained more recognition in the mid-90s when people learned that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through an acoustic background, the happy little ones uncovered a man and found out what could have been expected after he saw a video of 'Vampiros Lesbos OST': Jess Franco is an irresistible director. When the phone rang during Vampiros, I let it ring. I just wanted to see more movies. From that moment Franko could never catch me so much. But then I came across this movie. I think it's even better than Vampiros Lesbos. Franco is looking for what he can with a story and a camera. We found that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" so great: its beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I previously saw "Vampiros Lesbos" (although chronologically it came only three years later) and both films begin the same. But then the story took place, confusing and strenuous, wonderful work with the camera and things you would like to see Godard do if he was not so preoccupied with the spread of his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about what art was or is not old-fashioned. A man says that all films must be old-fashioned because it lasts a few weeks before the audience sees what has been filmed. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard shot films tomorrow for tomorrow." Janine Reinaud is an interesting actress, and of course Hovard Vernon, Franco regular. Fortunately, the acting is good (something that can spoil many Franco films for you, but not this one). But be sure to look at the false scene. Erotic tension, wild directing and the fact that it is yesterday's movie for tomorrow, it's a movie that many people should see. The fact that it is a little more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
