Police, investigations, murder, suspicion: we all met so many people in movies. Most movies now deal with crime that is believed to involve spectators, to give them an exciting atmosphere. However, most excitement fans will rather concentrate on the latest movies of this kind, forgetting the older ones. However, it happens that these people can easily be seduced. A film entirely based on suspicion can be very interesting now even though it's more than 20 years old ... it's GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. Is there a lot of action? Not exactly, because the events shown in the film take place in a very short time. But the way they are run is a big plus movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Gui Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy night, and it's not very precise for this kind of meeting. However, after rape and murder of two children, at dawn of the year, the door of doubt must be finally opened. In other words, (more quoted from the film), one must discover who the evil wolf is. To accomplish this, it takes a lot of effort and lots of emotions on both sides ... Some people criticize the script that it is too prudent. Still, I would ask them: what an investigation should be if there are not many questions and, in fact, a lot of conversations. This fairy tale touches the roots of the genre. In no way this is not boring, but during the entire film, it makes you look as an observer involved. Moreover, the film contains well-made memories as the stories speak. Not too much and not too much - just to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. For me, the most memorable memories are when Chantal (Romi Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about a wonderful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain views of places, including the notorious beach. Everything was great for me to keep the right pace. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema from accusations of disorder and chaos. But the aforementioned aspects do not necessarily attract many viewers because they may not like such films and will still not find the content and its execution satisfactory. Nevertheless, GARDE A VUE is worth seeing for such people as well. Why? We like performances. But I do not expect here to celebrate Romeo Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romi Schneider vehicle. She does a great job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. She credibly shows a person who is calm, concrete, who does not refuse the offered cup of tea, but does not want to play with words. Her part, which includes a deep conversation about life and duty, is brilliant, more credible than the overly melancholy role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. She's still acting. However, Romney Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, for the first time it appears after 45 minutes of the loan; she, as a woman and a different viewpoint, comes symbolically with the New Year, at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who really is Lino Ventura stone. He is a middle-aged inspector, Antoine Gallien, who wants to find out the truth, who is aware that his questions have been "projected" to another interlocutor, but he does not hesitate. He is an inspector who, after being married three times, is perfectly recognized for a woman's psyche. He is the one who does not consider his job as a game, but a real service. Finally, he is a person who does not consider it abnormal to sit there for the New Year. Michel Serrault is also doing a good job expressing fear, especially in the final stages of the film. But a thumb for Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! As for unforgettable moments, this is not a movie in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole film is unforgettable, it has to be seen many times and must feel its atmosphere and, as I have not mentioned before, wonderful music. For me, the story of Shantala and inspector Galien is the brightest moment without error. You are there with two characters, you are experiencing their state of mind if you enter deeper into what you see. GARDE VUE is a very interesting movie, which must be seen for fans of excitement and artistic performance art. The New Year turned and ... is it easier now to open the door? You will find out when you decide to look at the unusually directed movie Claude Miller. 8/10
