Ed Voodoo fans are mostly an obsessive crowd, but this film has led me especially to the level of a fan-house that I have never come near! One of the most intense arouses of non-mainstream film adulthood - at least as far as I'm concerned - is the satisfaction of unraveling the obscure. I remember how I, as a teenager, longed to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (aka "The Night of the Spirits"), which at that time had been translated for several decades. Likewise, such a mysterious masterpiece of a low-budget film as Doris Vishman's "Night to Decay" or half of Jesus Christ's work! However, in recent years videos and DVDs have been displaying these once unacceptable treasures almost ACCESSIBLE - even to those who were on the 'wrong' (!) Atlantic Pages ... Then, here I was, I was " I woke up early on the day I died "- a movie that should be so big, but which disappeared into the air even before Fangoria printed the first rather long article about him that first damaged my appetite. In the 1990s, it was necessary to find hard-to-find films that would really be worth hunting: and this, to be sure that it's .... I do not want to add a comment on all these marvelous aspects of the movie - its classic-yet- kitsch cast, her insightful, but often hallucinogenic picture, her marvelous moments of "pure film" (in the sense of French sinews from the 1920s) and surrealism, or even his soundly unforgettable sound background - as this has everything. What I want to mention, in short, is the pleasure I received from hunting certain vague artifacts that relate to this almost lost for us-But a grateful-not-complete movie! I think the German video I picked up while I was in Cologne on a cold winter day is pretty well known to Ed's followers now. It is often known that a promotional poster for the film was also published. However, luck can still be found !!! First, there are several reviews available in the German THEATRICAL edition - I used several of them in my translation classes in an attempt to "Voodiff" my students ..... some of these reviews are a positive eulogy film art and fun value - and the most interesting of all the fact that most critics have put it in history and American trash and European artistic traditions. Secondly, there is also the result of Larri Groupe, which can be obtained from the man himself - many songs express the true emotional appeal of listeners, especially if you are thinking about the current "vault" of the movie about the film and growing a bit of melancholy. at the same time. Finally - for the time being - I want to mention the promo SOUNDTRACK which was released by Cinekuanon in an extremely limited number. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do whatever you need if you get the chance to get one of these !!!!!! He has 14 songs from the film, including the ballad of Earthe Kitt, the late Claio Claus "Jesus I Vas Evil" (whose two versions are also available on the CD from New Zealand, although this is another story!), Cool radio music on which he dances Christina Ricci, as well as those incredible techno drops of Mint and ZHV (the latest techno band Billy Z) ..... Become obsessive - let Ed Vood rule your life.
