This 1998 film is based on the late Edward D. Vooda, a script that did not have a dialogue in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. While much of Vood's work was strangely low-budget in various genre-film traditions, his first editions of GLEN OR GLENDA was truly a visionary attempt to express inexpressibly through primitive avant-garde techniques. WRONG THE DAY WHEN DAMMED, is the TU side of Ed Vood, the experimenter, even though this film is a comedy (however, a comedy comedy!), While the GLENA or GLENDA has been transformed so seriously, Vood did not have a place for comedy. From the first few seconds of this film I knew they were taking me to a new cinematic world and I can not compare this world with anything else. Technical side of the film - production design, sound design, musical scoring, photography, etc. - It's revolutionary on any number of levels. In particular, although the film does not have a "dialogue", there is a sound of all sorts, as well as a "language," but you will have to see how it works for itself, because the wisdom and surprise of the method ensures a level of excitement. Glen's or Glenda-esque technique of juctaposing a shot for surreal effects works well in the film and keeps it at a minimum. The whole movie is played on hysterical fever, and Billy Zane offers an incredible performance on a tour that shows that he is a brilliant natural comedian and actor. In the righteous world, he would be rewarded for this show. Even LOOKS like Ed Vood, and as Zane, this figure is funny, sleazy, tragic, sympathetic, and anonymous at different times (sometimes simultaneously !!!) at different times. What is the disadvantage that this film was caught up in legal problems and never got a North American theater or video show, just played several festivals. Currently, this is only available on the videos in Germany (in fact, my copy is from a German source - excerpts from the Voodo script that are displayed on a screen from time to time translated into German, although the newspaper titles (so great) Technique of low-budget graphic elements, especially those who would be too expensive to record, through the newspaper titles, is used here in the wooden tradition) that Zane sees in English. I think this movie could have gotten word from the mouth after it was played at midnight in some big cities with a mild publicity. And if they play in cities slowing down on circles of art films, that could be good. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I would like to suggest that the film should be given to the theater edition, especially the MIDNIGHT cult cult edition. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. Have I "understood" every scene? No, but I "felt" every scene emotionally. Did everything "work" in the movie? Maybe not. I saw it only twice, and the first time I saw it, I was repeatedly upset. However, with all the sets played in the multiplex and with such an "alternative" film that is fetishist or pretentious, the film-school refuses movies, we need real experimentation in Hollywood. The recent movie Bob Dylan "Masked and Anonymous" had similar occasions like something Steven Soderberghov FULL FRONTAL. This movie could find a much larger audience than any of them. If you read this review for several years and the idea of ​​this film sounds intriguing, see if it has ever been posted on the video. You will not be bored. Invite some friends ... make a party. Play the incredible soundtrack LOUD. I have the feeling that, wherever in the grave life, Ed Vood is pleased with this film and feels that his unique vision is justified and somewhat confirmed by the creation of this film. Wood probably laughed that, as he always did to get bad breaks in his life, a film made in honor of him after his death was held in lawsuits and sits unpublished in the country in which he emerged.
