OK, so I know about this movie because of my friend in it and I actually visited the set when they were filmed, so I was intrigued, from a personal point of view, to finally look at this vague little gem. If you are collecting information about this movie at all, you will see that it is stuck in legal problems (even after 7 years after it was filmed), so if you're like a menu at all, then you will do everything you need to get a copy. My source? Ebai. About $ 15, but I felt ripped because when I got it today in the mail, it was a very rough, grainy copy of the "SCREENER ONLY" edition, along with the boring top mini weather code, but unfortunately, I can still enjoy it, but not as if I had an appropriate copy, something I suggest you get if you want the full impact that this movie can or does not have on you. From what I heard, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. In addition, a happy and happy search / competition ...;). The result / cost is payable by itself. Very eclectic and versatile (a bit rare these days IMHO in the movie) - I think it will be my next score / score to locate, but I digress ... Now, for a review. The film opens when the character Billy Zanea injects a nurse into a mental unit that is obviously closed. He steals her clothes (even shoes) and quickly turns into a series holding a bank / credit shop, but after escaping with spoils, well, I assume that there is a "plot" here - he inadvertently loses it. After having committed several camp crimes and dalliances of various A to C list of celebrities to find money, he finds himself somehow in a cemetery where the funeral - I think a dead man is shot at a credit office / bank, and - even with police cars from 1950 and police officers who are constantly looking for him - and never see him or catch him. (He sees daily newspapers reporting on his "crimes") I liked it because he gave an extension to a thin plot. After all, it's a movie (see: fiction) and director Iris Iliopoulos does what I think is possible. 1) Bring Voodoo's vision to reality and 2) Give her a new experience, but you have footage of authentic 50 police cars interwoven with, ahh , the local LA.99 $ store - well from there my 9 rating. If the period and the requisites were authentic - I would give her 10. Now it is wrapped up in some kind of strangeness and I will not spoil anyone, but let's say that the end is somewhat disappointing for me, he had a promise, action and comedy - all the way to the end ... with ALL of the above - distribute the copy at its sole discretion. Just realize that, because there is no dialogue (other than narration and singing) this may be your alley - maybe not-- but definitely I think it's worth the hour. All the actors have good performances and the only inconsistency in the appropriate periods that really made me fight for that correction - then I would say with all the means to check this film because it is not something that these studies are coming out of (or in the future) I am sure .
