To finally see what many consider to be the biggest film of all women in jail of all time, I felt as if I had achieved something as funny as it sounds. The boy, he surely contained the elements I expected, and delivered much more. The constant I discover in these films is the strength and density of actors in the role of prisoners who are preparing for escape, and their threshold, tolerance and determination (not to mention common sense) are tested by their superiors. While most of them were engaged in the way they look naked, because the nature of the genre requires such free elements, something else appears, other attributes, such as attitude and courage, which I ultimately answer. It is, as you may well know, Demme's debut for his mentor Roger Corman, and he gives the target audience exactly what they want as they put their seal on the process. For example, there are bizarre substances that define certain characters by their current psychological states (.. there is a certain number with manager Barbara Steele, where she reminded me of Alek de Large of A Clockvork Orange). In the movie there are prisoners who are planning a brave escape, tired of the crazy foolishness of their wheelchair manager and her crazy prison doctor, Randolph (Varren Miller). Juanita Brovn is Maggie, a tough sister who is saturated with the environment and will do everything she needs to get out. She is the one that all the girls are afraid to cross. Eric Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the newest prisoner who was arrested by the police and convicted of killing a policeman, not wanting to give up the names of those with whom she was involved. Robert Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomanka, the best friend of Panda (Ella Reid). Belle becomes the obsession of Randolph, which promises to supervisor McKueen (Steele) that through surgery can remove her violent tendencies. Torn apart, Randolph took pictures of naked and sodomized, crying like a little girl because of her mental defects while she grunted her naked body in her arms. Cheril Rainbeauk Smith is Lavelle, in prison for the murder of a scum whose cousin is a senator. Lavelle receives a job at Randolph's office and he is responsible for linking his dirty lunatics to Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film to the expected finals as a planned break, using those behind various traumas that were inflicted on prisoners as hostages, with the outbreak of a shootout. I was very impressed by the photographic work of long-time associate Demme, a cameraman Tak Fujimoto, because he is able to establish some moments of visual arrest in tight spaces of prison, cells and rooms, which is not an easy task. The prison is appropriately stiff and the girls, despite being very attractive, look like a part of the desperate prisoners who long, longing for the very pit of their souls, to avoid such a terrible capture. Steele is excellent as the manager, understanding how to take on a role near the edge, and not to go far, honestly able to express the madness of his repressed character in limiting .. noticing how he works his glasses and furniture without blowing to the top especially when certain behaviors she she despises her pushing her to the edge. Cale's blues result is incredibly depressing, and at the same time the audience suggests that the film is still fun and played. I think Cale's result reflects Demme's handling of the material. Cale and Demme's partnership is an unusual alliance that represents the environment as a sad, isolating, oppressive place, while almost simultaneously displays a witty tone that permeates the colorful characters thanks to the partial actors' personality. My favorite scene is out of jail, as two of our girls (.. join forces with the third) break the robbery of the bank that is already in progress .. Kicker is that it was a bank they planned to rob! As you can expect, you get naked women in showers, prisoners in solitary confinement, fighting cats, shooting, fleeing attempts that move upside down and other exploitation elements (such as a horrific shock therapy session, not excluding the shocking above a sequence where the boring doctor used Belle). Interestingly, Demme connects the movie with the audience, without any pretensions, realizing exactly what kind of film he is making.
