Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary Exploitation Clothing has been rated as one of the best classics of the 70's grindhouse ever grace celluloid. Beautiful Russ Meier starlet Eric ("Viken", "Beiond the Vallei of the Dolls") Gavin gives a robust, winning performance as a young, resilient new fish trying to persevere in a dirty, hellish prison. Always incredible Barbara Steele offers a deliciously vague portrait of a wretched, crippled, sexually frustrated warden (her erotic dream of doing a slow sex, stripping stripes against prisoners is a real problem). Long-time favorite actress of B-film from the 70s Roberts ("The Arousers", "Unholi Rollers") Collins delivers harshly cruel and gentle reversion as a cheerful forward, a brittle Kleptomane criminal talking about the dirty joke about Pinnochi. Linda Gold (aka Cristin Sinclaire of Tobe Hooper "Eaten Alive" and "Ruby" Curtis Harrington) makes her debut fat film as an unbridled wild crazy Alice. And the priest "Rainbeauk" Smith makes a wonderful, touching replay of his fragile frightened innocent roles from "Lemor: A Story of a Supernatural Child". Although this picture brings the expected amount of rude language, nudity, rape, and violence, it is still not typically a rough and sexist piece of meaningless foolishness; the film is very effective in exploring many ways in which men cruelly exploit women and strongly confirms the pro-feminist idea that women can overcome all obstacles if they join a group to boldly confront their misogynist oppressors as a powerful combat force. Demm's stout, assertive direction comes through the magnificent abundance of astutely observed random details and wonderful moments of a strange human behavior. Moreover, Tak Fujimoto's live cinema and the incredibly incredible result of John Kayla are 100% on excellent money. Patrick Vright (Sheriff Mack in a hurryly terrible cheap rubber monster - a trail of the coward "Track of the Moonbeast") has an unfortunate trail as a truncated policeman who was stolen by three detainees in a prison when a gas station stops using the bathroom. Lively, exciting and immensely pleasing, "Caged Heat" qualifies as absolutely necessary for watching 70s film fans.
