I saw this film after watching Capote and Infamous. It's amazing how the homosexual relationships between the author and the protagonists are sublimated in the film. The reporter is real, the protagonists are more beatniks than gays. The film starts slowly, but when we review it again, we get all kinds of interesting information from the comparisons that the author / director Brooks creates. . Take note of incredible cutting at the beginning where the killers and killed are connected. The cutter on the phone is compatible with Perry on the phone. The cat that washes her face, recalls Peria washing her face. Only Perry looks into the mirror and looks at her eroticized male body to make a fantasy about playing guitar in Las Vegas on empty chairs. This failure / fantasy coincides with the fantasy of failure that Perry tells us about his father who built a beautiful motel in Alaska just to find him constantly empty. Dick talks about firing pheasants and the fact that pheasants are forgiving I do not know they will die. Perry talks about his dream of a yellow bird, "Higher than Jesus", who attacks the nuns who have persecuted them. "The nuns prayed for mercy," he tells us, "but the bird has already slaughtered them." The bird raised Perry into paradise. Strange, Perry says he has an aversion to the monks, God and religion. This is later answered in his last words when he wants to apologize but does not know who he is. The Director puts all kinds of what-if and only-if. Nancy Cutter gets an offer to sleep in a friend's house. She holds the horse. Perry will later comment on her image and house. Nancy can not sleep at home with her friends because her boyfriend comes to dinner. The decision sealed her fate. Perry story of Bogart in "Blessed Sierra Madre". But this is another Bogart picture, "The Beat The Devil" written by Truman Capote, where the fictional treasure hunting is McGuffin. But Dick knows that the protagonists of this film have ended up with nothing. Dick wants a heavy cash, $ 10,000 for which he thinks he's in the Clutter's safe, (which in turn turns out to be as much fantasy as the Perry's Mexican cashier.) Discontinued from the Herb mess by signing a life insurance of 40,000 The dollar is thinking of mortality at this time. Ironically, its mortality will end in a matter of hours, the insurance agent on behalf of the company wants his long life, again ironic when we know what will happen in a few hours. they do not want witnesses that nobody would remember them. Later, in fact, this is because of they eliminated all the witnesses they remembered. "There was one witness," the detective continues to speak to Dick later, but whether it was a Witness friend of the prison, Dick, Perry, Truman Capote, or God ? The viewer becomes the witness after watching the movie. Fascinating film.
