The COLD BLOOD should rank as first-class filmmaking, even if the subject is as dark as it is in the world of fabrication, but the fans of the film noir should definitely find this interesting work, based on a genuine crime. It opens with the music of the Quincy Jones under the signs and a sharp dramatic view of the highway going to Kansas City, effectively adjusting the mood of the film. even before the credits are completed. Conrad Hall's B & V photos from the very beginning do a great job. From the very beginning it is also clear: ROBERT BLAKE and SCOTT Wilson are naturally born actors. They are excellent portraits of free spirits who are looking for the next excitement. "Have you ever seen millionaires in electric hair?" "Hell, no, there are two types of rules in this world, one for the rich and one for the poor," says Wilson, taking a sip of alcohol behind the wheel. Both are predestined to cross the path of the farm, do not show grace, and leave no witnesses. Blake, remembering movies and thinking of gold-hunting in Mexico, says: "Do you remember Bogart in" Blessed Sierra Madre "?" (The ironic moment, because Blake himself was in the movie as a little boy who sells lottery tickets). "I brought you in touch with a natural killer," says Wilson Blake. JOHN FORSITHE is one of the leading detectives in the case, revealing that all four family members are tied, shot in the head. and one cut his throat. "Do not people lock the door here?" PAUL STEVART asks. "They will tonight," is a short answer. After the murder, the killers discovered that there were no "large fatty cash" in the wall, as their prison informant told them. So, in the end, it was a really stupid, senseless crime. The question is: WHY did they do it? And this is something that the other half of the film explores in detail. It takes an hour and a half in the movie before the detectives catch the killers and begin to question. These last scenes carry the most conviction and the most interest as the boys have said that I made many mistakes and left a live witness. Real events up to and including murder have been saved to the end. "It does not make sense," Blake tells Forsithe. "Mr. Cutter was a very good gentleman, I thought so long as I did not cut his throat." Richard Brook's script is concise and to that extent - as well as his direction. In short: A brilliant display of two helpless young men on a crime that did not make any sense then or even now only 43 dollars. Chilling.
