Simply one of the top ten films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood he is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his narrative, and absolutely nagging. Robert Blake goes with the film. It seems that the story is almost completely presented to Perry's view, despite the fact that Dick was the leader and planner of that coup. The spectator will perceptibly perceive Dick as an unstable, immature, and generally feels like Perry would not be drawn into this nightmare than Dick and his need to be somebody and pull the big result. Based on a true story with special attention to accuracy, the cold blood shows a brutal and senseless killing of a rural family in Kansas, a cold, windy night, as Dick bought an ancient rural myth of prosperous farmers who certainly have full money in their home. As the "prosecutor" (figure who did not get the name in the script), played by Vill Geer, so sincerely points out, their lives are bought for only $ 10 per head. Director Richard Brooks wisely decides not to share with us the terrible details of murders to the end of the film, before we know that this happened and watch the lives of Dick and Perry as they slowly discover themselves while trying to escape not only by the law enforcement authorities, but and Perry's own ubiquitous sense will come to an end. He repeatedly remarks: "No one can ever get out of this kind of stuff" and "I can not think we left something behind us that belongs to us." Dick is neither mature enough nor moral enough to feel the guilt of his crime, just Perry's irritation. Indeed, after catching them, Dick first interrupts, and suddenly fails when he finally confronts with an unmistakable evidence that these two men are at the scene of the crime. I felt a bit sorry, Perry from the very beginning of the film, and even more - how the events unfolded, but I only disliked Dick. The genius of the film is an interesting way the story is played. For a moment, we do not think we're looking at actors who show characters, but to watch the actual participants and events as they happen. The story is relentless, a laugh, running for just over two hours is more like a few minutes. For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed several of them. Losses "listed here on the InDD page of In Cold Blood are inaccurate or exaggerated.As the" inverted "process is being recorded, at the beginning of the movie, while Dick and Perry drive across the bridge to Kansas.Initially, this is not even the process of recording , the camera is actually positioned in the rear seat and the image you see behind the car's windshield is real.The big freight truck located on the left side of Dick's Pontiac creates an optical illusion to return backwards as it travels faster, but a closer examination will reveal that they really go ahead and that's real Arni shot from vehicles on the move. As I mentioned earlier, this is one of the top ten works in the 20th century cinema that is not recommended for the youngest due to a particular course language and implicit and completed violence ( no real in your face a contemporary movie would come), but a fundamentally great movie.
