The current story of crime in the heart of In Cold Blood may seem a little bit "pitiful" to those who are burdened with classical stories of serial killers (Gein, Bundi, Dahmer), or just notorious cases in Hollivood (OJ, Manson). ). The essential facts in this case do not represent anything terribly intricate: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played here by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met with some luck, they were plotted to rob a village house in Kansas and after killing a four-member family with a shotgun and a dagger came with $ 43. Except for returning to the United States after fleeing to Mexico for a short time, there is not much mystery for resolution. They were captured by an ironic chance (a policeman escorted them and stopped them for a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped the boy and his old man collect collectors for change) and was condemned to hang for the neck to death. The story was completed in 1965. But it's handling of the story, moments of misunderstanding, performances, pure movie narrative that Brooks and his absolutely marvelous (late / large) DP Conrad Hall provide in a sharp black-and-white screen and style of telling that feels real without excessive naturalism or too much melodrama (except perhaps for the end, which is the perfect step). The air of the tragedy hangs above the story, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal as the "third" man imagined, as the narrator notes, Smith and Hickcock have teamed up, but because of the inevitability of the story. You feel somehow for these criminals, who in any other hand would be just conventional figures or something from B-movie. These are not good people, but not necessarily monsters, at least to the end. It is also a great 'movie on the go' while we see that Smith and Hickcock are on their way down to the Clutter residence (the real night scene of a late-film crime), then to Mexico, then back in America to Las Vegas. We can absorb the personality of these two, probably even more than police detectives who initially have no traces and finally get a break with the prisoner. It's actually worrying that this comes closer to these two (somewhat similar to the damaging quality of Malick Badlands characters), and this is also a sign of courage for that period. There is no preaching, like "he did this for this or that." We see Smith having a violent, psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity is too much for the film, maybe even too much for Capote's book (which, I must admit, I still read, although I plan). And we see that Hickcock is a creature of smooth self-confidence (ie Getting suits and other things with bad checks), but without a deep-rooted explanation for everything. The series of fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the most powerful of the 60's, and it's Brooks's luck to have its stars as Blake in its ultimate performance (this and Lost Highvai, which is unusual enough given the his real life saga in recent years, its essential significance and the discovery of Wilson before he became an actor. While surrounded by fine supportive work, they are spiritually absorbing, more or less guided by greed and fantasies of escapism with treasure, and staying fairly well-founded in their situation through the death penalty and through their goals. Did it have to have stories, if it could have been, that it was terrible to face the possibility that those who were killing could not be classified, that it was good and evil to blame? Smith apologized for his crime before he was hanged, and he he points out, "but to whom?" This is a story that will give the hardest fans of the true crime of bonafide winter, and that's probably the best American film from 1967.
