A unique movie ... one of the best of all time. Screenplay, Screenplay, Kuinci Jones's Score, Cinematography, Editing, etc. - fantastic. As most audiences know, this film is based on Truman Kapot's book on the famous murder of a farmer's family in the Kansas (Clutters) by several young men during the wrong robbery. I have never seen a movie that has so greatly transformed the true story into a riveting film. The actors are firm, but the focus is on the killers, Dick and Perry, and the law enforcement team that follows them. Scott Wilson, as Dick Hickock is incredible. Strange, trifling and devoid of sympathy finds himself so charming, greasy and persuasive. Robert Blake as Perry Smith is remarkable - lonely, and at the same time compassionate and cold-blooded. Who could identify these characteristics in one person and make us buy it? He has, and that's great! The key point of the book is that the transition of these two very different sociopathic individuals was needed to create a critical mass in order to commit such a stupid and repulsive crime, and these two actors made it beautiful. Both had moments in their later career, but these performances are high watermarks, and this represents an action period. The cops are also wonderful. The investigation is conducted by John Forsithe, but the other three detectives are also excellent. Unlike contemporary films in which producers consider it necessary to give the police superhuman property or defects, these are gaps, working decisively and competently. They act so real. I've never seen cops on the screen so powerful in their authenticity; And I've seen most of the crime class that go away. Really one in this regard. PARTIAL SPOILER COMING (this movie is unique in that you already know what happened, but I'm warning about shooting). Of course, the best scenes from the best criminal programs and films are interrogations - intellectual swords fights between policemen and thieves, Mano a Mano. This movie has the best viewing scenes you'll ever see on the movie. Watch Dick and Perry to try to bluff and find out slowly, unaware that police officers have goods on them. But police officers have to skillfully prepare their suspects to break their alibi and hope to provoke confessions. This is one of the best acting you'll ever see. Glengarry Glen Ross thinks without shovboating. To translate the sad and horrible corners of this true story, ICB was filmed in the real house Clutter, and I heard that film actors played the students to give them a true feeling. It works. This looks like a decent, simple people. This makes the crime so tangible and sad. I will stop here. It's not a good movie, but it's one of the best movies ever made, and so unique, compulsory watching for every movie lover.
