Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe Mr. Clutter from Holcombe, Kansas holds a large cash deposit in a safe place. On November 15, 1959, at two in the morning, they eventually killed Mr. and Mrs. After a small police investigation, two men were found and sentenced to hang. In cold blood (1967) he directed Richard Brooks. Now, I have not read the novel Truman Capote on which this film is based, so I can not make any comparisons. The film makes a brilliant job that talks about these terrible events that really happened. Robert Blake is great as Perry. Of course, Blake had a case of his own murder several years ago, charged. It's free now, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever it is, he is still a very good actor. Scott Wilson does an extraordinary job like Hickock. John Forsithe is great as Alvin Devei. Paul Stevart is very good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is as beautiful as Mr. Hickock.Same with Charles McGraw John McLiam displays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is daughter of Nancy and Paul Hough is Kenion's son. Big opportunity for each of them. It's pretty great when Perry wants to go hunting for gold in Mexico and tell Hickock: You remember Bogart in the Treasure of the Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself was in that movie like a boy! And it's a fun time when they, running to that boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and turn them into money to recover money. These darker moments are the most immediate." When Perry leaves kills a girl, Nanci is the last one, and she says: "Oh, please, do not ..." Brutality of a man, it's impossible to explain it then it's a hanging scene. Safe films and books can try to sympathize with these villains. Especially Perry's character j a person you can complain about, his mom, and his dad who hates, but he still loves it. But that does not change the fact that both these actors portray brutal killers who do not complain to anyone. They go to this house and kill their entire family, cold blooded. How can you sympathize with these people?
