As I matured, my fascination with the Academy Awards has evolved from intense interest to non-compulsory entertainment. As in a few other comments I have written, the bizarre vote results for the Oscars are often difficult to explain. The "In Cold Blood" In 1967, one of the five nominated for the best picture was one of those unexplained cases, especially when one of the nominations of that year went to the poor and priceless "Dr. Dolittle". Although only the insomniac or masochist would adapt to that Harry Reach's disaster, the powerful adaptation of the novel Truman Capotes of a non-fictional novel retains its ability to attract the attention of the viewer and leave it totally exhausted since the last disappearance. Although there is nothing particularly graphic or creepy on the screen, the film is definitely an adult material. Based on multiple killings from Nebraska from the 1950s and recorded at actual locations where the murders occurred, "In Cold Blood" was shot by Conrad Hall's main camera in black and white and his compositions on the screen require that they be seen in their correct ratio of width and height. Together with the disturbing result of Kuinci Jones, Hall's work should have been attributed above the title with Brook's script as three pillars on which this intense classic was built. And the performances are fine. Scott Wilson is a cool charm and Robert Blake's intense introverts as two killers. (At one point there is a joke when Blake speaks of Bogart and "The Blessed Sierra Madre" while the duo moves to Mexico. As a child, Blake sold a lottery ticket to Bogart in that film by John Huston.) The film, as well as the book, is definitely tilted towards the killers and has a slope to fight the death penalty, although the ruthlessness of the killers somewhat negates this feeling despite the extreme scenes that are difficult to watch. Some have criticized the film because they focus on criminals, their backgrounds and lives, while the Clutter family, literally killed in the cold in the middle of the night, encountered one-dimensional characters that are of little importance. This lack of balance comes from the book while Capote spent a lot of time with two murderers while in the death row. The Clutter family was apparently not explored at the same depth. However, whatever feelings you have for or against the death penalty, "In cold blood" will leave you deeply in conflicting thoughts. Run a double account with Dead Man Valking, and you may not be talking for days.
