In 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a coffin trilogy from 1967 - has two new interesting contexts that she had not previously had. First, and the bravest, the fact is that the star, Robert Blake, recently sues for his wife's murder. Secondly, the recent Oscar winner, the biography of "Capote", has shown a cracked story about this true author of the crime story, Truman Capote. These two new installations make the movie timely for the modern audience. As a standalone film from his era, "In Cold Blood" is superb in every way. The most impressive is the stunning black and white cinema from Conrad Hall (later "American Beauties" and "Road to Perdition" fame). Many of the photos from this movie of a Kansas night farm or a tree-lined avenue could be sold as a visual photo. Combined with the direction of Brook Creek crackers and excellent installation in the early stages (where we see the everyday daily life of an innocent family about which it will be meaninglessly killing wonderfully interwoven with the plot of two unfortunate killers), the rich atmosphere was created to set the stage for riveting uncertainty (even when everyone knows that this will all end because of the fact that everything is based on real life events). It is also great to see at this time of the day that you can display a brilliantly organized scene of murder where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the viewer subliminally with one drop of blood displayed on the screen. The movie is also nicely embedded in Robert Blake's spooky performance as a more sympathetic but meaningless brutal side of the murdered couple. Scenarios of his terrible childhood are very well made. Then, there is a scene at the end of the film, where it turns back too early before sending it to the hangers, and so does its last "confession". It is one of those classic movie moments that are perfect marriages of glamorous acting, superb writing, flawless mode and persecution of photography. I dare to delete from your mind a sharp picture of the reflection of the rain from a window that descends down over the pale face of Robert Blake instead of real tears. The only thing that interferes with "cold blood" is slow. a moving middle act in which murderers are on the edge and a forced nature of social commentary at the end. The political message of the death penalty is secondary to its convincing account of crazy killers and their prey.
