Incredible, disturbing film about true life, the senseless, brutal murder of a family from a small town, together with the consequences, and the examination of the lives of murderers, Dick Hickock and Perry Smith. No matter how much time has passed, or how this movie can look, it still resonates the utter incomprehensibility of criminal acts like this. It truly monitors multiple tragedies: tragedy, brutality, and frivolity of the murder of the Clutter family, a decent family farm in the small town of Holcomb, Kansas; and the futile, brutal and sad lives of Hickoka and Smith. In the film it was made interesting: that none of these two immature, frightened, petty criminals would ever think of going through something like this alone. But together they created a dangerous, murderous collective personality; the one who fed the needs and pathology of each one. They are pushing each other along the path of "proving" each other. That men were enough to do it, to carry it out; nor does he want to be seen as too cowardly to end his great "result"; the unfortunate and dangerous remains of empty lives that led. These were two adult children who live in the criminal world and do not give up on challenges; who must constantly prove masculinity and toughness. In this case, these needs were going on until the clutter of the riot. The film contains a somewhat sentimental look at the Clutter family, but the point is made. They were respected, people who respected the law, a small city, who did not deserve this terrifying fate. The film also gives us a sense of the young lives of Hickoka and Smith. Perry Smith, whose early life was filled with security and love, but with horror he watched alcohol drink his family tragically. Hickok, poor and left fairly by his own hand, was not able to see how he fit, using his intelligence and charm with everyone he came in contact with. Interesting, and perhaps first, look at the death penalty and what goals we will hope for. Is it just killing a revenge killing that has shaken the nation at a time when we had not yet had to face completely that there could be such predators among us, or that placing these guys at the end of the cord really provides detective malignity and brutal keeping of people like these? Is it possible to deter people living a life of scam, working under radar, believing that they deceive everyone they come in contact with? To distract you, you must believe that it is possible that you will be caught. Is it possible to deter these people who believe they are too smart to catch them?; who committed hundreds of petty crimes and walked out with them? This should have been "cinch", "no vitnesses". When caught, Hickok thinks he can not charm and deceive agents just as he had department stores. Smith, who believes that he deserves such a fate, who was the only one who really understood the seriousness of what they did, willingly tells the story when he finds out that Hickok cowardly has collapsed. Blesava plays chicken between two immature, emotionally damaged, dangerous men. Fascinating psychological thriller, tells the story of a horrible crime in the history of this nation. Stunning portraits of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These roles gave them a career.
