Imagine turning off the lights in your remote village house on a cold night, and then you go to bed. There's no need to lock the door. The only sound is the wind whistling through the trees. Someday after midnight, a car with lights at altitudes above the street. A few moments later, the intruder turned on the flashlight into your darkened living room. What makes this picture so scary is the environment: a remote farmhouse ... at night. Based on the best-selling book by Truman Kapotea, and with black and white illumination comparable to the best noir films of 1940, "In cold blood" is a frightening story, especially in that first act, since the action takes place mostly at night and on earth in the rain. roads. These are things from the nightmare. But this is not a dream. The events really took place in 1959. Two men with a lot of mischief kill the entire Kansas family, searching for a stock of non-existent money. Director Richard Brooks used the actual locations where actual events, even the farm ... and its interior were made! It makes an unforgettable movie. Both main actors are very similar to two real killers. Robert Blake is more than convincing as Perry Smith, short and agile, who dreams of finding Kortez's buried treasure. Scott Wilson is almost as good as Dick Hickock, a stupid concertist with an all-American smile. After killing, the duo headed to Mexico. Things go wrong, returning to the US, stealing cars, stopping and generally unhappy as they wander from place to place. But that is the life of a fool, and two apostates soon complain about their actions. The final twenty minutes of the film are fascinating, while the rain falls, the rope is tightening, and everything we hear is hitting the heart that is beating. Even with its somewhat ordinary middle rank, "Cold Blood" phases in burying details of real life stories that still hypnotize, almost half a century later. That's the setting that works. Do you assume that people in rural Kansas still leave their doors unlocked ... at night?
