Although it came out in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD remains a benchmark in which all true crime films coincide. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRI) has adapted Truman Capote's book about fiction in cold docudrama, which retains disturbing power even today, thirty-five years later. Smith and Dick Hickock, two former conservatives who, according to Hicocook's old roommate Floyd Vells, broke into Holcomba's home in Kansas, Herbert Clutter, seeking a wall deposit that allegedly contains $ 10,000. But no safe was found, and two men died, killing Mr. Clutter, his wife and their two children, coming out only with radio, binoculars and bad forty dollars. Two months on the run, including a devastating "break" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police caught them in a stolen car. But ultimately, after a ruthless baking by the Canadian police officers, it turned out that these two men committed this terrible crime at Holcombe. Tried and convicted by four counts of murder, they were captured in prison for a five-year period of appeal and denial until both were hanged to death on April 14, 1965. Two killers who do not show remorse for what they did, but are worried to catch them. John Forsithe also progresses well as Alvin Devei, the main detective investigating the crime, as well as Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is faithful to the Book of Capot and a good art gambit everywhere, Brooks shows no homicide at the beginning; Instead, he shows two killers who retreated to Clutter's house until the last light is extinguished, and then cuts to the next morning and a scary discovery of the body. Only when returning to Kansas, when Blace is asked by Forsythe and telling the story, we see the real horror of what happened that night. We do not see enough blood to spill in these scenes, but we do not have to. The booms of the shotgun and the horrifying look on the faces of the Clutters as far as they know they will die are more than disturbing, so there is no need to resort to explicitly bloody slasher-movie violence. Brooks wisely is shot in COLD BLOOD in stark black and white, and the results are excellent thanks to the expertise of Conrad Hall. Cool jazz score Quincy Jones is a capper. The end result is one of the most unpleasant films of any kind ever made, defeating in its own way. It is a 134-minute study of the crime that shook the whole country and the entire nation, and it should be seen, although it is recommended that viewership discretion be recommended; rating 'R' exists for a reason.
