On the eighth day God created Georges. But just like the eighth day does not fit in the week, Georges does not fit into the modern world: He has the Domen's syndrome and is therefore marginalized by society, rejected asylum after his mother's death four years ago. She was the only one who loved him. Harry is another man who is no longer loved. His wife left him for reasons she was not able to explain. And he loses the love of his daughters, when he arrives too late at the train station to pick up two children who want to spend the weekend with their father. Harri is a highly ranked businessman. He knows all the rules that enable us to succeed in our modern meritocracy. But he entered the crisis, which reached a peak after losing the love of his daughter. He questions the meaning of his life, without obtaining definitive results. Harry and Georges meet. At first Harry tries to get rid of Georges, just like everyone else. But Georges can not be shaken. Harry gradually appears, how much he needs Georges, if he wants to overcome his identity crisis. Georges is the one who opens up a new approach to the world and makes him look at his life with different eyes. Friendship and human warmth take the place of computing the aspiration for success. Not surprising that Harry can not now avoid failure in his job. Georges helps Harry return the recognition to her daughters. Even his wife must admit that the fireworks organized a valuable visit. However, reintegration into old life is no longer possible. And the new one turns out to be nothing more than a dream with a time constraint that will unstoppably reach its end. The camera looks at Harry and Georges from above, for a long minute, because both lay in the grass, just enjoying the moment. But just as this minute will inevitably pass, the friendship of the two men, created in such a marvelous way, will not be long-lasting. Georges is ruined by the inability to love the opposite sex and can not see the other exit except to commit suicide. Harry turns into a city roar, who asks car drivers waiting in front of a traffic light for charity purposes. The film describes modern meritocracy as a devastating mechanism that devours positive values ​​such as human cordiality or friendship. Georges, Mongol, seems to be able to show the way out of the dilemma, but unfortunately his objection comes to a bad end. However, his failure does not necessarily mean that it is impossible or not desirable to achieve the desired goal. The way in which he shows is certainly passable, although he requires a huge force of will and, above all, the courage to apply radical unformality.
