For anyone with moderate sensibility, a moderate sense of human and human condition, for anyone who is able to break above the Hollywood type, for anyone who is satisfied watching a movie that does not have a series of Seagals / Villy / Van Dammes that breaks the brain from anyone, or watching who is in bed with whom, for everyone whose intellectual level reaches the ability to understand, sympathizes with, understands, laughs, cries With natural, cordial, cordial, funny, compassionate human beings, Le Huitieme Jour is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael did not achieve a simple masterpiece, it would be too simplified; He achieved one of the rare monumental art works in a cinematic world that defies every type of encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No: it's a story of Georges, a beautiful, funny, funny, love frightened by a beautiful personality, a patron of Dovnes syndrome. It's a story that you laugh with through tears, but this is not one of those classic tears-humorous; this movie moves through the world that suddenly mixed you with a feeling of compassion or pity or even with a shame with those admiration, warmth, and even love. A successful banking dealer, Harry, encountered Georges: they both went in opposite directions with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; skilled outside Dormell melts these two incredible men in a warm friendship, but this is far more than a good friendship among those who drink beer. This is a relationship that evolves in a deep need for others. Cuasi-surreal scenes perfectly fit: Georges recalls (or invents) the past scenes of his life while dreaming or sleeping; even the almost fantasmagic final scene is completely correct. The only scene that can be considered a little unwise when it was stolen the bus and pulled it out of the lounge. However, this does not diminish the whole. This movie is a monument. Even if your French language is not at your fingertips, please see it with subtitles. "Le Huitieme Jour" is worth the trouble. As for anything else, well, just read the following comments? I'm going with them all. This film is a joy, magnificent, unique. If you've seen the "Man of the Rain", which I think is a great movie, you have to see this: it's far superior because there is no superficial layer of well-known Hollywood-produced world-famous actors; has Pascal Dukuenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? TEN oscars for these two, and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not break down under the effort. Magnifikue! Chapeau!
