This film has all the magnitude and splendor of many great Bible epics from the fifties and sixties. But that may be the first one to truly humanize the biblical characters. The best thing is that they do not diminish them in the eyes of the viewer. This is a unique and irresistible balance that helps us to realize that even great people like David are scarce people who find their faith and greatness in dealing with their faults. Actors are all first in the movie Gilbert Barnett as David's second son Absolom moved to Susan Haiverard as Bathsheba. Haivard is in his best movie. Her own true, but greater than the lifestyle of acting here is quite at home. She is always a seductress, but she plays a role in such a way that you sympathize with her. Raimond Massei does a great job as prophet Nathan. As a child when I first saw a movie, Massei seemed to have really talked to the Lord himself and was a great sight. There is no doubt that she was helped by great music composed by always amazing Alfred Nevman who also had great successes in other biblical epics such as The Robe and The Greatest Story Ever Told along with perhaps 100 other films! The film photograph of Leon Shamroya is well made and adds the size, but also the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underrated director who, like Villiam Viler, has never been included in any genre, is collecting one larger than a life production that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's deep struggle with his faith. in God. The trail in this movie could have been very silly, but the king keeps it real and interesting to the end. In addition, we never lose the feeling of a mystery when we try to understand God's will, just as David is struggling with it. From the first scene where a soldier dies trying to save the ark of destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer, (to paraphrase) that no one can understand God's will. This journey is heading straight to the mighty end where David finally confronts himself. Finally, this film belongs to Gregory Peck who is as beautiful as King David. His David is the man you can trust to be able to rule the earth mercilessly, but at one point he was a faithful singer to the psalms. This is one of his best performances. I can no longer see this movie on TV, but when I do it, I never watch it. I think it's still good today.
