David and Bathsheba are a splendid Hollywood-style biblical painting originating from the 20th Century Fox, Darryl F. Crank, directed by Henry King, starring Gregory Peck (King David), Susan Haivard (Bathsheba), Raimond Massei (Nathan), Kieron Moore (Uriah) and Jaine Meadovs (Michal). The film is based on the second book of the Old Testament Samuel of the Holy Bible. This is followed by King David, who as a child killed the giant Goliath, and now we find him in the adult age as the second king of Israel. A rude and secure king, David still has heart problems that cause great problems. Once he spied Bathshebe as he was showering, this is the beginning of a road that includes adultery and betrayal; a journey that will end up in the court of God who is calling. Typically for the genre, David & Bathsheba is a great, grandiose production. From its excellent design to its positive Technicolor photography (Leon Shamroi), it has enough quality to guarantee seating on the side best that the genre can offer in terms of production values. Unfairly, this film is consistently rhythmically relying on 99% of its value that is driven exclusively by dialogue. This is not for action fans or for anyone who needs a little capture to go with your buckle. This is a very humanistic picture, in fact, it does not allow to beat the burning bush here, it is a biblical love story overflowing with sins of the heart. But it's not a bad thing at all because it's breaking up, we think it's pretty good acting {Peck has a stoic, but a vulnerable thing that's really going on and Haivard pushes it to the maximum, and that's a good story focused on knowing the skills of the often forgotten Henry King. And although some of the dialogue has, however, caused a crowd, the flow of characters never stops because the screenplay of Phillip Dunne (The Ghost and Ms. Muir) is nominated for Oscars preoccupied with attention. Sometimes forgotten images in terms of biblical / swordfish and sandal genres (most likely because it's a tacit piece that has its heart as the main selling point), but it's really worth the time of anyone who is interested in a variety of genres . 7/10
