I have always believed that David and Bathsheba were a film originally intended for Tyrone Pover in Fok of the 20th century, although Gregory Peck gives a good description of himself as King David, a monarch with a wandering eye. In this film, many biblical subjects, adultery, redemption, sin, punishment, and in general what God expects from their followers, are followed. When you are king, even the king of the biblical prophet kingdom you certainly have many prejudices that are not open to the rest of us. King David has many women, including one truly evil in Jaine Meadows, who was the daughter of Saul, David's predecessor. But his eyes saw Bathshebe in her garden one evening. It turns out that he is unhappily married to Uriah Hettit, such as David for several women. Uriah is one of David's military captains. David sends for Bathsheba and he is king, she comes into the race because she also had an eye on him. What happens, an affair, a pregnancy and a carefully arranged death for Uriah in a battle. But all the Deity that saw and knew all this had captured and not only punished David and Batsheba, but the entire kingdom of Israel was punished with drought, disease and pestilence. The Sexiest Law Day calls for Bathsheba to die of stoning. David is showing weakness in his previous actions, but here he enters the plate and asks him to put it all up. He even puts his hands on the Casket of the Alliance, which was instantaneous death, as seen in the film. My interpretation of this is that God delights in courage even if you are wrong and he withdraws from David and forgives them both. Bathsheba becomes Solomon's mother, and she and David are the ancestors of several successors in the divided kingdoms of Israel and Judah, until both are conquered. Susan Haivard is an attractive Bathsheba caught in a marriage without love. with Uriah played by Kieron Moore. The only thing that causes Moore is a good battle. I liked Kieron Moore as a brave and rather stupid horseshoe rear. Nobody can pass a law like Raimond Massei. His Nathan Prophet is in line with John Brovn's character, which he played in two films, of the same intensity. So when His own law called for death, why did God spare Vitezeb and keep David on the throne. Maybe it was a fact that he did not want to train a third guy for a job. He has already replaced Saul with David. But I think that the Christian interpretation might be that this was the hint of the New Testament in front of us, so that someone could sin and receive grace if repentant for it. I will leave the biblical scholars to deliver interpretations. Watch the movie and you may come up with a completely new theory.
