There is no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba? "I was a pretty hand with a sling", "King of all Israel there in the dark exposing himself to the enemy" (full traces to Dennis Hooey that delivered the one with a flat face), "Go and sit from a concubine." And somehow I doubt that David is a boring ever told the Prophet Nathan "Whatever you say." He even tried the old "My kingdom does not understand me" routine on the desperate Bathshebe housewife at one time. So it is likely to pay homage to Henry King in the direction that the film is not bad at all despite the traps that provide much of the first third. Perhaps the censor nature of the plot? married man kills husband femme fatale and comes out with it! ?? but the king points to the growing moral and theological complexity in the letter of Phillip Dunne, instead of raising sin and sandals. This is a collapsed David on the slope, abandoned by a vindictive God whom he no longer understands, and the film does not depart from the unpleasant unanswered questions about why the chosen deity would choose to avenge the innocent, not the culprit. It even offers a truly surprising critique of sexual inequality of the law, where husbands' defects result in the punishment of their women. Unlike King David, who cast the king in favor of the Confession of Saul, David is firmly in the center of the drama, and despite an interesting display of shoulder shuffle and a truly endless long-lasting close-up plan when visiting Saul and Jonathan, the performance Gregory Peck is growing as David diminishes. Susan Haivard is a pure Hollywood pro, Raimond Massei is a suitable theater prophet (why would it be naturalistic to get a voice that causes an earthquake?), And Uriah Kieron Moore, an unbearable unconfirmed chauvinist, that you can not blame David for putting him in in danger, but despite the threats to sell the film softly does not allow David to get out of prison without a card due to his death. With a surprisingly strong but damped design and Technicolor photography, this is definitely a cut above most of the biblical epics of the 1940s and 1950s. Fok's new DVD is a good download, including incredibly "sincere" behind the scenes short and a short-shot trailer with short films deleted from the unique battle scene of the movie.
