This film is known for several features: a written letter, once in a partly religious film, Philip Dunne, some very good performances, top production in every department and the intelligent direction of veteran Henry King. If someone filmed a movie and then got such talents as Leon Shamroi as a cameraman, Lile Vheeler as Art Director and Alfred Nevman as a composer of original music would guarantee a quality production. Add actors to this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Haivard, while actors from the title, James Robertson Justice, Raimond Massei, Kieron Moore, Jaine Meadovs and John Sutton plus dancing Gwen Verdon and expectations that the film that has emerged will be in something special. But in the biblical subject, usually sub-genre prone to illogical motives and miraculous interventions, everything would eventually depended on authorial skills. Philip Dunne was supplying human beings here, a rare achievement in biblical movies. David is the man in this film, versatile, not someone who makes mythical works on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlling, self-reliant and attractive. As Bathsheba, Haivard is barely the perfect choice, but conveys a lot of sensible earth and emotional normality to help see why the king of Israel would risk so much for her. The rest of the actors are firm and capable of turning. The famous story gives them little opportunity to work, but Dunne and actors are doing as much as possible in human situations. David's youth is said to be remembered; as the prophet of the Lord chose him to be the king of Israel, and earned his way to be second to the king, Saul by defeating Goliath Phiisin in battle when everything else is afraid to fight a giant warrior. After that, he is finally expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior, and returns to take over the kingdom and becomes the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the son of a king, once a friend. His wars are successful - the film actually opens with a successful scene; but his life is empty because his wife Michal, Jaine Meadovs, Saul's daughter and is cold. He turns to Wattsby, which he sees from the roof of the palace, swimming naked; She later admitted that she hoped to see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, it is necessary that Urias enter the battlefield and spend time at home; Instead, he asks David to put him in the forefront of the battle, even after Verdon's awakening has awakened him. David agrees. He was killed, a war hero; but that does not solve the issue of disbelief. The drought comes to Israel, and blame the royal disbelief for this phenomenon. Finally, David puts his hands on the Ark of the covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and placed in a temple that caused the deaths of others who accidentally came into contact with him, urging his god to punish him - and nothing is happening ... David leaves the the temple reveals that the rain came in his dry land. This film is always interesting, diverse by the types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and author use the observer principle and are sincerely more successful in the humanization of characters than in almost any film outside the Greek - Middle Eastern canons, with the feat somewhat easier, as neither marvelous nor religious themes are central to such adventures. . Well remembered for its brilliant realization, fine performance and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort carries a re-study.
