For some, this biblical film is a story of judgment and condemnation ... Others see it as a story of mercy, renewal and hope ... That's actually both of them? Henry King illustrates a portrait of a mighty monarch who is almost destroyed by his passion, his spiral mistake and his healing rush. David and Bathsheba is an emotional film full of colorful events characters who attain mythic status while retaining their humanity ... Henry King handles a powerful story taken from the Old Testament, with the skill ... David, "the lion of Judah," who fell into the walls of Rabga, rescues the life of one of his faithful warriors Kieron Moore, and returns to Jerusalem ... Back to his court, his first wife is but to neglect, and insults him as a shepherd's son, which is different in that the daughter of King Saul ... One evening, and while walking on the terrace of his palace which obviously had a look at neighbors, David's eyes have happened. to climb a young lady refreshed ... She was beautiful and attractive ... David could not take his look away from her ... He found out later that she was the wife of one of his officers ... <br /> < br> Going for her, he reveals that she is unhappy in her marriage ... By this moment, it is obvious that David's intentions are shifting from the interest in taking Bathsheba as a woman, to a simple takeover of Bathsheba ... As usual , sin had its consequences, and David did not plan this possibility. . When the drought enters the land and there is a threat of hunger, David doubts that the Lord punishes him and his people for his sin ... But when the Batcheb says he is pregnant and afraid that he might be stoned to death according to the Mosaic Law, David tries to conceal his sin ... He sends a message to Joab, the commander of his army, and orders him to send for him the VatShab's husband ... David did something that was disgusting in the eyes of God ... He sends a man to the front line where he will be killed ... The soldier is really killed and David marries him loved Bathshebe in full royal splendor ... God punishes a couple when Bathsheb's child dies shortly after birth ... In the meantime, hunger has spread through the land and the Israelites - led by Nathan - blame the king for their suffering ... They attack the palace and demand that Bathsheba pay for his sin ... Peck plays a compassionate king whose lustful desire exceeds his good sense and integrity .. Haivard as Bathsheba is a sensitive woman who she begins to believe that any misfortune that has happened in her life is a direct consequence of her and adultery ... The sequence of her bathing It could have been a great moment in the Biblical film history, poorly guided, and the viewers were briefly led by Havard's face and shoulders ... Raymond Massey appeared as Prophet Nathan, sent from God rebuked David after his adultery with Vathev; Gwyneth Verdon is Queen Michal who tries to resist the ambitions and greed that have become an integral part of David's personality and kingdom; ek-silent idol screen, Francis Ks. Bushman, had a brief role as King Saul ... The best moments of the film were: A coffin on its way to its permanent home when God breaks a young soldier who tries to touch the sacred object; decisive moment in David's life when he confesses his sin and is ready to accept his death sentence; and for the peak of the film, inserting it as a flashback, David recalls his struggles with the gigantic Goliath ... With a brilliant color photo and masterpiece, 'David and Bathsheba' won Oscars nominations for the next categories: musical score, art and stage design, cinema, story and script, and costume design ..
