I was not a fan of the first-person fans, I was very reluctant to play this game. After I played the demo, I still sold it. The "Immortal" really manages to get you into the game and be part of the universe in which your character is. You have this green amulet, called "Gel'ziabar Stone" that has special powers and warns you of certain events or things to look at. With a special magic "scrie" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking in the hallway, you suddenly hear a magic stone whisper: "Look," with a stone that shines for example in the picture. And then using the scrie spell you can see some weird and creepy things in the picture. Let me tell you to be witnesses of something as horrible as hell. People who expect to end this game in a few hours can forget about it even with the use of cheats. This game relies on a character using wit and walks carefully. Because, like in any horror movie, your environment is usually pretty dark. And spirits and monsters appear randomly when you do not expect them and can quickly kill you. There is one scene in which you want to enter the room in which you are pushed with such great force that it takes a few moments to understand what happened. This was a scene that could have appeared directly from the horror classic "Evil Dead"! To experience something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that "Undiing" take to the level of the best classic horror films ever produced. But unfortunately, I have to report that there are some flaws. Because one thing you play is huge. You start in a big villa with all sorts of hidden, secret rooms, and even a hidden hell of a dimension called Oneiros. In the beginning everything is fine. But with all the loading times and some tough enemies between them can become frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires you to remember your environment. So patience is needed. There are also some jumping puzzles that you must do or you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms in third-party adventures. But in the regime of the first person, this can be a boring task. Fortunately, you can save anytime and anywhere. And believe me you'll need it. Overall "Undiing" is an outstanding first player that deserves to be played by any horror or fan.
