As an anti-football person, I (on the surface) I unwillingly took my younger brother to see this film, although I secretly hoped that East East II could be. Trailers looked fun, so I thought I'd run it. It took me about ten minutes, but after that I stuck to the screen, and it had nothing to do with the cramp on the neck. caused by sitting too close to the front due to the crowded hall. The acting was fresh and vibrant, the characters were attractive, and the jokes were really funny. The whole auditorium laughed loudly every minute. A soccer fan or no fans, the sport has become unimportant to the main principles of love, friendship, family, independence and rivalry. Add Sikh culture and have the formula for the best British comedy I've seen for a long time, I dare say ... better than East is the East. This film is late to walk nicely, not staying longer than necessary, leaving nothing incomplete, keeping the viewer entertaining and mentally engaged. Although it's not a characteristic movie that turns and turns, there are some pleasant surprises on the road and things do not always happen as you would expect. By saying this, there were elements of predictability, but these were elements exploited satirically more than used as script-fillers. I assume that depending on your tendency towards happy endings you can be either thrilled / down to the end. Personally, if there were any other outcome, I would write a written letter in strong letters. As for the actors, I should say that Juliet Stevenson (Paula) has put on the finest performance. . I never knew there were such people, but my realism with sometimes bizarre concepts convinced me that they could do it! The award for the most persuasive (of the main characters), unfortunately, goes to Kiera Knightley (Jules), but do not misunderstand me, even she offered an excellent performance, only that someone must be the last of the best and I'm sorry Kiera, this time you. Type: Do not go before the loan. When the lights came back, I realized for my horror that maybe I should not have seen this movie. My dear, but forgotten icy junkie, he melted into a sweet blue juice. Oh, what I say, it was absolutely brilliant and I can not recommend it enough. I will definitely buy it when it appears and add it to my 3 videos collection. I am a student. Just filling it if it's really worth it.
