My scalp continues to flicker from the burning coal that is piling up when I swore to love this movie. Bring coal; I'll pass by them and repeat that I love "Bend It Like Beckham". However, there is much "in spite of" that recognition. There is a little movie week; the scenario is on the side of the battle. And, most troubling, the director's comment implies that in this film, beauty can be found primarily among white skins. The genius film is not in what is apparent to Sid's kiss: characteristic arches, themes, constructions. This is also on the surface and what lies deep below, but not in those layers of the artificial layer of soil, for which the reviewers most often appear. Powerful, sometimes half-planed women's bodies, not only at the show, but also shit from football makes it a better job to naturalize women's strength and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziii will ever do. These are the real bodies (except Keire Knightlei) whose work is not the first to look first and to be kicked later. They are working bodies whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And, in my book, the main actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever made on the screen? not only because it can claim that this devious adjective is "bright", but because its performance has sincerity and non-book intelligence that is extremely tempting. The result is a film that women can enjoy without feeling like they make a pact with the devil to do it. As in Chadkin's "Bride and Prejudice," relationships among women bloomed with chemistry that can not be neatly cut into a sharp category of "best friends" or "sisters." Perhaps Chad is even right in his commentary to reject the flickering of the film with lesbianism. "Bend It Like Beckham" has an electricity that can not be reduced to a simple hetero-homosexual love triangle that would suggest his conventionally structured scenario. The precise nature of her satisfaction is, after all, a bit of a mystery? and it's even more seductive for that. Oh yes, and did I mention it was hilarious?
