The most horrible thing in this movie is that only 8 people were worried about leaving the review and NO-ONE thought it was worth putting a comment on the bulletin boards. Made the same year as Philadelphia ... Oscar-winner Tom Hanks ... this is a movie that people really needed to see and give rewards. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two men than in any other gay film I've seen ... and that's true. In order for this to be left, I have to leave a few more lines of text: it's enough to say that anyone who really wants to know how to be gay in the '60s and' 70s, and to understand what AIDS was before modern cocktails "has made it possible for people to breathe more easily ... this is a movie that needs to be seen. Oh, I will add a personal comment on AIDS. In spite of all, there was actually a silver coating for all the horror. When AIDS first arrived, it was called "gai cancer", and governments preferred "to die" instead of spending a red cent on the research to save a bunch of gay men. it became clear that AIDS would be a heterosexual disease, but the government was not ready for it: So, when they started to get sick and genuine, the only organizations and associations that were available to them were those that were put up by homosexuals (examples: The name project: a blanket that remembers all those who died of AIDS. The result is that people who would probably never come into contact with homosexuals in their everyday lives suddenly found them and needed them because there were no other organizations . This close contact, in my estimation, is what finally disrupted the barriers of prejudice and made it possible for the real world to finally accept gays as equal. When AIDS first came to the scene, many of us thought that the real world would use it as a way to get even deeper on us ... and it would probably be true that they would not suddenly get sick; however, the steps that have been taken in the liberation of homosexuals - to the extent that while I write this, there are at least 5 countries in the world that accept homosexual marriages - these profits would probably last much longer without AIDS in order to bring us together. It's sad to think that all these people - both equal and homosexuals - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I write here is true and I think it is - then it's a little comforting to realize that all these people they did not die in vain.
