I can not believe my eyes when I read a lot of other comments and comments. It's like it was the central movie of some people who are fighting the mill. The film is excellent, funny, insane, overwhelmingly violent, but with minimal impact, and finally energetic to the core. I loved every part. I can not think of any madness like the laugh and martial arts show. And now the most important thing (at least me): these are computer effects free. When I watch some Hollywood actors on the screen in modern high resolution and the damn high budget "fuflo" (Russian word meaning "bull * bip"), I understand that every child * can do it - You can adjust the wires to the body, add some sweet PC effects and insert them into an action movie. It's different here. I do not think that in the world there will be even a dozen physically advanced action stars, which can repeat the bout that happens at the end of the movie or "Chinese football". And it's just a small congress in Hong Kong made for entertainment, not pretending to be "Star Vars." Having DVD with an English soundtrack is not a problem with this movie. That does not spoil the atmosphere. I can not help but mention a very neat theater performance. Some of you, I suppose, will not like them. As far as I'm concerned, it's incredible. Look at the dragon's friend who bravely talks to criminals and suddenly hit him with a fist in the left side of his head. The expression of his face turns into something whimsical and he comes to the Dragon with the expression of a baby. And look at the dangerous size of his mouth - it's almost from one ear to the other long when it makes the grimaces. This film deserves a higher rating and a thousand comments from people around the world. . We are very grateful to our Russian industry for the release of classic movies Jackie Chan. His modern ones are much weaker in my humble opinion and do not deserve much thanks. Total 10 out of 10 - the legendary film in its genre. Thank you for your attention.
