"Dragonlord" sees Chan returning to his role as "The Dragon" from the "Young Master". Little did that change from the first movie. "Tigar", his elder brother, can not be seen anywhere; neither Marshall, his daughter or his son play top-notch Iuen Biao in the original movie. The dragon does have the same master - probably all other students have switched to other things. (Dragon's laziness at training is strongly displayed in this movie, and maybe it still teaches!) Originally called "Young Master in Love", this movie sees Dragon (at least the first sixty minutes) of a girlfriend on a variety of idiotic and slapstick modes. His rival for her affection is his friend (inadequately called the "cowboy") comically played by a long-time member of the Chan Stunt Mars team. We see various scenes where their silly schemes are coming back. One of these scenes is (fortunately) that we found "Dragon" in his head. This film is known for having missed expectations in the box office. In this regard, I am sure that the expectations were quite high and I think that this film has never had a fair judgment based on its own merits. But even when I try to do this, I still feel that there is a problem with the film. It seems pretty irrelevant, sometimes hurry, and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's second action from this period. The thing that really saves the movie is the final sequence. As in the "Young Master", there is a fantastic finishing reel that is full of incredibly exhausting action - you really feel every kick. Again, Chan is opposed to the same rival from the "Young Master" (is it the same character?), And the time and energy here are brilliant. The human style of using every last part of his environment to help win his opponent - not just relying on pure physical fitness - is here as anywhere else. Barn in which he is struggling is smart little jokers and improvisations. This is the absolute peak of the film and one of Chan's incredible career. It is not necessary to see a bite before the "Dragonlord" is seen, in fact, it can even raise more questions than the answer is expected. But it must be said that the original film is a superior film, and "Dragonlord", with a focus on chasing and team sport, seems confusing. Fortunately, the few fighting scenes that it offers (and the fantastic scene of the shuttle-shoots) are pushed across the line as an unavoidable movie in this genre.
