Despite the fact that Louis B. Maier allegedly was not interested in signing a young Greta Garbo into a contract, this first American and MGM movie for the actress looked pretty nice. Obviously, the movie has got an incredible talent for filming production and making matte pictures, because it has all the fine polish and skill you would expect from the best pictures that the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful - even 84 years later. As for Garba himself, as well as her early American films, she also looks different. Although she is quite recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would only become a year later - giving her a less serious look and tenderness towards her that you just did not see in later movies. I wish they kept this look, but considering how much it became known to the trademark, who am I to say that they should not go that way?! The film talks about Garb and she and her family are unjustly forced to leave their land by the landlord. While a landlord, highly valued Don Bernard, claims that this is because the bank has asked for a payment, it's because her son fell for Garbo - and which is a better way to get rid of them than force them to the street! Nice lady, huh ?! Years pass by and so far Garbo has become a new singing sensation that is world famous. When she returned to her hometown a few years later, her old boy (who promised to marry him, but disappeared when his mother, Don Bernard, refused to allow him) sees. His new love for the other lady is now tested - will he be satisfied by marrying this lady who is the heir of the enormous wealth of pigs or will he want his old flame? And, more importantly, will Garbo even return him after behaving so shamefully? In the meantime, huge rainfall falls. The country begins to flood, and homes are soon to be forgiven for the flood. Cortez and a friend make a crazy run until the dam breaks! In a scene where his boat was obviously covering over a cascading stream, he finally took him alive and to the house where Garbo is now living. He greeted them in and stayed with her until the storm passed. Then, he admits that he still loves and boasted the storm to make sure he is safe. She tells him to get lost! Then you see Ricardo marry for his second choice, the daughter of the king of pork. Obviously, there's little enthusiasm for this - and you're sorry, ladies, because she did not do anything wrong. Soon, Cortez sees how he walks back to Garb's house - he's sick and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is quite glittering and can not tell him to go - as they dissolve in the hands of others. Once again, he tells her about her love for her. When Don Bernarda finds out about it, she is not happy. Obviously, the pork queen is a better catch than an internationally renowned singer. Because of the intermingling of this nasty old lady, Garbo leaves - not wanting to come between her mother and her son. But Cortez comes running - announcing that she must have and will not calm down until she gets her as a wife. A few moments after this announcement, a family friend talks to Cortez and persuade him to surrender for the good of his career and reputation. So much about "she will not calm down until she gets to her wife," ha?! Despite the fact that Kortez is a passer-by, for some reason he can not make him hate him. And so, he marries a pork queen and lives a very boring life. When Garbo again met Cortez years later, he is a boring middle-aged man - while she is as beautiful as ever. And, not surprisingly, she once again tells him to get lost. At the time this film was filmed, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. So, in the light of this, it is surprising that they gave Cortez such an uncomfortable character to play. Instead of the usual Valentine's role, they gave him, he is a hesitant crippled - HUGE SWITZER. From now on, his career has been a slow dispute. As for Garbo, her role helped her to establish her as a great star - because she was the focus of the film and acted like a character similar to her later characters. because it was very nice, although it was a little repeated. Unusually, the print was almost perfect for everyone, except for intertay cards - which could be used by some restorers. The most entertaining film - professionally designed, sane and worthwhile views. And, for one of the many times I can remember, I have no real complaints in this great movie.
