Film Torrent was the first and the last for Greta Garbo. It was her first American film at MGM, the only studio in America where she would ever work. It was also the last time someone else was charged above her in points, that her leading man was her Ricardo Cortez. Torrent is based on the popular part of the Spanish writer Vicente Blasco Ibanez Entre Naranjos. This refers to a couple of uncoordinated lover, Garbo and Cortez, who can not quite agree, mainly because of the mastery of Cortez's mother, Marta Mattock. Mattok is an evil woman who has some ideas about who her son should be getting married. Remember that this is Spain and such ordered marriages were even right at this time. Mattok has in mind Gertrude Olmstead as a daughter-in-law, she is a descendant of Mack Svain, a man who grew up in pig breeding. Svain provides a few moments of comic relief with his gentle care of the piglets before they grow into big old pigs to be slaughtered. Blasco Ibanez had previous novels Four horsemen of apocalypse and blood and sand. shot with Rudolph Valentine. It may have been interesting that Valentino did this with Garb, but he may have been outside of the filming when it was done. In any case, one of Valentino's winners who Ricardo Cortez meets with men's leadership. One of the reasons why Valentino may not have wanted this film is that it is obvious that Garbo's main character is unlike the other two works previously mentioned. When she made a dirt from Cortez who told her what Mattock and her "advisor" banker Tully Marshall said, she left Spain and went to France where she became a great opera star. And there is a scandalous life there. When he returns to Spain and tries to burn things up again, Mattok is even more embittered. She has a political career for her son in mind. Kortez is now running for the Spanish parliament, which is strangely called Cortes. The name refers to a flood and a dam break that causes all kinds of ruin in the countryside. Cortez actually braves Torrent in a boat that is trying to save Garbo from injuries. When they meet, they have a brutally honest discussion, the brutality that comes from Garb. Special effects here, primitive, though now appear, are quite significant for their time. They look very similar to the recordings used in the 20th century film The Rains Came, which came out in 1939 and won Oscar for special effects. Unfortunately, Torrent came out a year before Oscar made his debut. I will not give any endings so that you will have to look at the movie to find out if Cortez and Garbo meet in the end. Garbo rightly received great criticism for his performance and at a time when excessive gestures were a norm in the acting scene, it was incredibly subtle in his role. So, she had the rest of her career, she had an extraordinary face for close-ups. Although Greta Garbo would continue to work much better than Torrent, this film is still a good arrival for her on the American big screen and is well maintained for today's audience.
