MGM was not sure how to sell Garbo when it arrived in Hollywood. Maier had a great faith in her, and her appearance in "Torrent" justified it. She did not speak the word English, so she had to work hard, and Ricardo Cortez did not do it easily. The title of the title is the Juscar River that passes through her sleepy little village in Spain. Leonora (Greta Garbo) hopes that her voice will one day bring great wealth and happiness to the parents who are suffering. Leonora and Don Rafael (Ricardo Cortez) are in love, but he is under his mother's thumb and can not be told to agree to his marriage. In the meantime, Dona Brull (Martha Mattok) kicked out Leonora's parents from their home and sent Leonora to Paris in the hope of giving her a chance to continue her singing career. Leonora sends a message to Raphael, urging him to remember her promise and come with her. His mother is furious and forbids him to leave - and of course he is expanding on her request. The years pass. Leonora has a new identity - she became La Brunna, a toast of the Paris Opera. Raphael fired as his mother wished - he is running for office and he succumbs to a "safe" young girl, Remediosa (Gertrude Olmstead) who is the heir of the "pig". Mack Svain plays his father. Leonora decides to visit her old home, and I agree - why she did not help her mother. Her mother still lives in a family home, working as a shy and getting to wash. Leonora and Rafael meet, but Leonora is full of mockery. Garbo is so enchantingly beautiful, it's hard to believe that he could be happy with Remedios. The dam was broken and the torrent flooded the city. Leonora's house is on the road of a raging river, but when Raphael tries to save her, she is completely safe. Then they re-warm up their romance. In this film there is a "horizontal" love scene, very similar to that of "Meat and Devil". Dona Brull is spreading rumors of how Leonora really got her fortune, and Leonora's mother trusts her and tells Leonora to go. Raphael meets Leonora just before he gets ready to go to America. She intends to go with her again, but she leaves again. She spends so much time listening to other people destroying her reputation - "what she will do for you, but she'll take you away." The irony is that it has just provided him with the highest job of government if he comes with it. They meet again, years later - it is fresh and vibrant as it always is - it looks older than its own years, devoted to the midst. It's certainly a good positive message movie to keep track of your heart. Lucien Littlefield works well like Cupido, Berberin and Leonora's old and faithful friend. Highly recommended.
