I was able to look at this 1926 movie in a magnificently restored theater that was once part of the extensive Paramount water supply chain. This Paramount has a "Mighty Vurlitzer" authority? also magnificently restored - which was used to track blank movies that day. We were fortunate to have Denise James, a key figure in the international revival of silent films at Mighty Vurlitzer. music and thematic compositions that fit the film. The press was an almost perfect digital copy of the rapidly deteriorating nitrate of the negative, and the whole experience was an opportunity to see the life of a silent film as it should be seen. It was the first American film Grete Garbo. She was only 20 years old, but she already had 6 Swedish films in her repertoire. It's a bit ironic that this is a mute movie about the opera star; Although Mighty Vurlitzer has immensely added the mass-en-scene, it took a lot to leave imagination. Modern audience, mostly, do not understand silent films? The game was then different, with wide gestures and wide facial expressions. That's why the audience laughs at inappropriate times ?? The acting is seen as "hammi" and over-done? but it was simply a style of the period. Garbo, with all its subtlety, has done a lot to introduce a new era of acting: it could have been said more with a semi-closed eye and volumes could be read down or simply shrugged. It illustrates the truth that "an image worth a thousand words". Although this is the first American American film in Garbo, it's obvious that the studio knew what they had in its hands: its the best. Kits and costumes were magnificent. Special effects? who according to today's standards are quite weak? they were still electric and incredible. Scenario Vicente Blanco Ibanez (from the novel Entre Naranjos) seems to have been made tailor made for Garbo; she shows her strength, enlarges her property, and there is no problem with the language language: the Swedish actress can play the Spanish seductress without the suspension of unbelief from our side. Her associate was MGM responding to Rudolph Valentine: Ricardo Cortez. He did a wonderful job and did something that some of the romantic stars of that day would ever do in the movie: let himself look rude, it seems stupid and unreasonably aggravated. It has some pretty good things. parts of characters that are more than adequate? especially when you consider the plant that was Garbo. Significant among them are Lucien Littlefield as 'Cupido' and Martha Mattok as 'Don Bernard Brull'. This is the time when the outstanding cameraman, Villiam H. Daniels, met Garbo? together they shot 20 films. (He was a filmmaker on 157 films and his career lasted for five decades!) He managed to capture her ethereal beauty and it was precisely his photograph that was primarily responsible for the nickname after which he became known: The Divine Garbo. Without his magnificent abilities, she would not be the success she was. Watching this movie is quite a rare opportunity: if you ever have a chance, do not miss it.
