Recapitulation: Zandalee is a young woman who feels more and more trapped in marriage to Terry. Thierry himself struggles with his father's death last year and lost his way. He sank himself into work, set his writing, and Zandalee desperately misses the attraction between them. Johnny joins this, and old friend of Thierry, who used to be an exile artist. But Johnny continued painting, and he had only one day to rent. He takes the day to come and leaves his destiny tomorrow. There is an instant raw attraction between Zandalee and Johnny, and they enter the affair. But Zandalee is struggling to desire her conscience and her love for her husband. But none of them, and not Zandalee, and not Johnny, and not Thierry, can stop the relationship between them to completely reverse. Comments: It was set up as a thriller. But maybe more thriller than a normal thriller, where life and death are threatened and threats of violence. Not that the thriller of the heart can not bear fatal proportions, but the threat comes from another angle. And it's not all the way to the other half in Zandale until the thriller appears, and although the basis for it is laid in the first half, I really can not describe this genre as a thriller. Much more than a romantic drama than anything else, but with the basic currents of other genres. There is a thriller that develops, but it also has more than one nuance of a sensual erotic type. Because that's what it is about, what drives the characters and the entire story itself. Wish. Need and need for the team. In my opinion it's pretty good, certainly much better than the current one (4.1). It takes his time, but it becomes a good feeling of uncertainty and very well deals with erotic work, with taste. It is always an integral part of the story, it needs to be there to tell the story the necessary weight, and I never felt that it was an excuse to show my naked breasts or something. But, unfortunately, the pinnacle of the story comes before the end, and the end itself feels kind of flat, even if it's dramatic in its own way. The actors are impressive, led by famous actors like Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. However, the show was almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson. She is beautiful and very skilled in performing sometimes subtle feelings of desire, she points out, and Cage and Reinhold sometimes leave the bot over the ship and becomes a bit rough. Her career is later too thin for the talent she shows in Zandale, and I can only hope that this is because of her own choices. Also, two personal favorites appear in small roles that give an added advantage to the movie, such as Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. When you are in the right mood, this is a very good movie, you could use the other end to get the credit you really deserve. 7/10
