A sad and disgruntled young baby Zandalee (a victorious savage and vibrant performance by Erika Anderson) feels trapped in a stagnant and unscrupulous marriage with a failed poet and a decent, but boring businessman Thierry Martin (a solid and credible depiction of Judge Reinhold). Zandalee has a fake, forged counterfeit with a humorous and arrogant artist John Colins (tastefully played on the slippery handle of Nicolas Cage). Can Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will it all break up and go into the seed? Director Sam Pillsburi and screenwriter Marie Kornhauser laid on a heavy soap opera something that was dense as they tried to tell a serious and perceptive story of craving and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot goes great with the third-wire rails. The dialogue is also hilarious funny and vulgar (a pattern of lines: "I want to shake you naked and eat alive"). Better yet, this film certainly brings a lot of delicious female nudity (the magnificent statue of Anderson looks hot in the shirt) and the sizzling of semi-pornographic soft lingual sex scenes (Johnny and Zandalee doing dirty things in church confessional stands) is definitely the highlight). The Tart''Tangi Nev Orleans setting adds extra spice to a still-steamed procedure. With its long, lean black hair, fat mustaches, dirty mouths and rude manners, Cage's Johnny is an absolute joke because it is one of the harshest, rude, "romantic" traces that ever penetrated the celluloid. Actors deserve props for acting with great sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all perform respectable work with their parts, with the fine support of Joe Pantolian as Zandalee's joyful gleam of homosexual friend Gerrie, Viveca Lindfors as a wise, perceptive mother Tette, Aaron Nevil. friendly waiter Jack, and Steve Buscemi as a ridiculous, shamelessly infamous thief. The sharp and glittering cinema of Volta Lojda gives the image an attractive shine. Easter harmonic score Prai for Rain also hit the spot. Extremely unbridled rebellion.
