I saw 'New York: I love you' today and I loved it! I really enjoyed seeing this after I watched 'Paris is t'aime' and I generally think that I liked this much more ... Perhaps I have to watch 'Paris is t'aime' again and I do not know .. Read I have a few comments about NI: OR and yes, the film is not without mistakes. When you pay tribute to a city like New York - it can be pretty daunting and nothing seems fair enough for the city to be justice ... so without explaining any shortcoming of the film, I'll just write about what Unlike 'Paris is t' aime 'in which the short film of each director was properly segmented and titled, NI: OR it's not and many reviewers here have found the impeccable story and overlapping characters here boring and even confusing. I thought differently. I loved the stories flowing one after the other and I especially liked the overlapping of characters - it could be nasty because it is now often done in movies. But I still liked it because I did not think it was forced. And the idea that we are all connected in the end has a sane, even funny quality - what some might be jerk off, but it seems to me that it is nice. All the movies I liked, but the one that touched me The most I was Ivan Attal with Robin Vright Penn and Chris Cooper. She was so well acted and written that the discovery in the end - again unused in the past - led me to tears and cried through the segment that followed. I've always loved Wright Penn, and now I'm a fan of Chris Cooper. These precious initial seconds when standing alone in front of the restaurant, just before getting a call - tells much about Cooper's ability to convey the character by being there without exposure. Most of the stories in this movie include characters who meet for the first time or have only recently met, except for 4-5 stories in which characters are known for a long time. It seemed to me (and maybe I was wrong) that the stories were different, but everyone tried to push the point, even the need, to just pull back and look in the new light people and things we know in our lives for a long time; to see people and things around you as an alien, and to appreciate them just as you did when you met them and see them for the first time. Other films I liked were those written by Shunji Ivai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Tailor Geare, by Brett Ratner with Anton Ielchin and Olivia Thirlbi, from Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and once again with Ethan Havke and Emilie Ohan when they are in a cafe. I really need to see more work by John Attal because he seems to like him a lot! All in all, watch this open-minded movie. Do not read reviews before watching them! Maybe it will not meet your expectations about what a movie about love in New York should be and I doubt that any film will really fulfill that concept. Just watch this movie for good music, beautiful landscape cinema, a little comforts of life and one or two stories that could only drag you.
