New York, I love you finally reach our shores, but 10 short stories about love somehow did not find enough reason to announce for Valentine's Day, probably due to the fact that this year's festival also falls on the lunar New Year, along with the usual LNI blockbuster movies like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spi Nekt Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo who traditionally released his latest film in that period to great success. So why fix a formula that is not broken? Continuing in the concept of Paris, Je T'aime began to network the City of Love franchise (Shanghai will be next, so the ending credits are here ending here), the buzz here definitely talks about intertwined stories set in one of the cities in the world to allow different interpretations of filmmakers to come to the story based on love as a theme, even though one probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the fine points in the rules on the sandy surface, and her short film was unprotectedly thrown out of the theater from anja because he could not fit in everything else (well, shot in black and white), but he hoped it would be, at least make it to DVD. Structurally, this series is less divided compared to its predecessor, which, if the memory serves, had individual stories set within its boundaries and never really did break through from its artificial material boundary created. There is a little more freedom here, where characters from different stories communicate in short filling segments used to bridge the scenes together, not just relying on footage made of buildings and landscapes, in the hope that things will look a little happier with the idea of ​​random a meeting between foreigners, although one story skillfully adopted this way of thinking for its own narration to deliver surprise, though already seen in Paris. One of the best wires to sit through a movie like this, are definitely creative forces behind the story, from writers, directors and cameramen from different geographic areas and backgrounds that reflect the composition of the cosmopolitan city, gathering for the concept film. And what else are the actors with stars, with great names among the lesser known people, who raise the ante through perfect performances, whether it's a short length or as an upgrade support. You can not deny the initial star rating in recognition of the reputation, from Irfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had the duty of writing and directing), Rachel Bilson (looks like Bardot) to Spielberg's son, Shia LaBeoufa, which can surprisingly more than in all of her to date filmography so far. The story is wise, like any anthology, you will find some that will automatically address you, as well as others who do not. Some are clear in nature, while others have to think of tricks that were happily working. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeier was given the duty to integrate everything together for an organic feeling instead of simple captured photos of lesser-known areas and established landmarks) somehow they lacked the spirit of "anything that goes" from their predecessor, with stories which are more rooted in reality, compared to some fantastic elements in the previous film (Elijah Vood's vampire believer anyone?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doile, and Tom Tikver plays Natalie ortman). It seemed here that the filmmakers decided to be safe, without anyone embarking on this spirit of adventure and experiment. On the side of minor problems, I still enjoyed almost all of the short trousers, in contrast to what many others have felt about it. The format of the short film is still alive, and their linking to the feature of the City of Love banner works well and leaves me wondering which other cities are involved or involved in its composition. I hope that the franchise may catch and expand its influence here. We certainly have enough fruitful filmmakers to wrap Singapore together, I love you, so here I am crossing my fingers that maybe something will happen down the road. Otherwise there is always a Savasdee Bangkok way to make it without any additions to the franchise home rules.
