Bonanza had great actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Vhitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker, and even Gui Villiams (as a cousin who was brought to several episodes in 1964 to replace Adama when he left the series). The actors had chemistry, and they seemed to be truly loved. That's why many of their worst stories worked much better than they needed. It has also made many of their best stories a great Western drama. Like any show that has recorded over thirty episodes of each season, it will surely be some bad ones. However, most of the times each episode had an interesting story, some kind of conflict and resolution that usually did not involve violence. While Bonanza was western, the fight against pistols was never the main attraction. While I'm a fan of Rifleman and Vanted: Dead or Alive; these shows usually end up in a shootout. The shooting was how many Westerners solved any conflict, and Bonanza was very different in an attempt to seek peaceful resolutions and harmony instead of killing. A lot of shootings. These episodes stand opposite the rest of the series, but they are good in themselves. In 1964, when Pernell Vhitaker wanted to leave the show, Gui Villiams was brought in to replace him. Villiams played the role of a long-lost relative. Unfortunately, Vhitaker decided to stay for another year, and so Villiams was written from the series when he moved away to marry Adam's old girlfriend. If Williams stayed for Bonanza, he can only wonder how much the series would be better in the years after 1965, when Pernell Vhitaker left the show. In the series, the stories focused more on comedy and countri hijinks. Witaker often played heavy in many episodes, and his absence left a gap in the actors. Little Joe always wanted to play a nice child, and Hoss always wanted to play a good old man with a golden heart. Since Ben was a kind and wise patriarch of the family, it did not leave too much room for any shooting. At one point they hired a ranch named Candi (David Canari) who became their fourth member of the actors, but Candi was never represented in any shootings, and he was barely more than an older versions of Little Joe. For a year or two, Ben had to take some other lost cousin (Jamie, played by the unforgettable Mitch Vogel) who was a teenager who usually got into some trouble with someone. Obviously adding a teenager, the studio wanted to attract younger viewers. It also gave the writers the chance to write episodes of teenage problems, alcohol, delinquency, etc. Dragnet was probably the most popular source of rights and order of television, although in Hawaii 5: 0, F.B.I. and many other shows have also tried to jump on a bandwagon working on TV shows featuring irresponsible teens who have provoked evil, crime, and crime. Adding a teenager to an actor gave Cartwrights greater chances up and solving problems, but those episodes feel very unnatural and not at all good at all. After Dan Blocker died, the series slammed a year before it was canceled. The previous season was pretty bad because it contained Little Joe who was following the murderers of his wife, and most of the episodes were a bit depressing because Little Joe usually drank or otherwise remembered how much he loved his wife and how it was unfair Killed is. I think I've never seen the last episode of the series, and I wonder if they ever officially wrapped them up in some way. Until last year, only Ben (Lorne Greene) lived on Ponderosi, as Adam moved away (and never returned as a guest), and Hoss died and Little Joe went after his wife (in a series) were killed by side drifter. All in all, the period from 1959-1965 is the best of this series. When Adam left, he slowly refused. Most of the shows before 1970 are pretty good. By 1970, the series was trying to be difficult and current, and lost much of its western flavor. Adding Candi and teenagers also diluted the overall quality of the show, and the death of Hoss (Dan Blocker) was the final nail. Bonanza is probably the best Western series ever made, and out of 465 episodes produced, at least a hundred of them are great western drama! It's a pretty good record. Even the worst Bonanza is better than many other TV shows.
