My comment is mostly limited to the first season, 1959-60. This wonderful series was one of the first to be broadcast in color, and was very influential in persuading Americans to buy a color TV, which in 1959 was about $ 800, which is today more than $ 3,000. How much would we pay a lot for the privilege of watching the show broadcast by the cathode ray tube on the 17-inch screen? I was eleven years old when the series started, and I watched it from the beginning. Looking now, 50 years later, a few things come to my mind. First, many stories include Comstock Lode and the peak of silver mining, which dates back to 1859. For 1859, weapons and clothes are generally not authentic. (Hairdressers are left out of the discussion.) This is basically a nitk. It would have been impossible for Ben to arrive in the Lake Tahoe area in 1839 and to collect 100-square-mile ranch in the next twenty years. The pioneers were still trying to solve the Sierra Nevada problem in 1847, and the golden fever did not start even two years later. Indians did not play American actors. John Ford used American actors from the 1920s. Bonanza manufacturers could do this thirty years later. It's a big thread for me. There are other problems regarding the time line. In the 1st season Mark Tvain appears, and he is shown as a middle-aged man. In 1859, Mark Twain was 24 years old. Stories are also moving between 1859-1860. (Before the Civil War) and what was more appropriate for the timeline of 1880. There are continuous problems, over and over again. And it's a bit embarrassing, that in the first period there are so many killings. Over time, killing was reduced. Many episodes take a socially liberal slope, which is hard to believe, given the timetable, but give authors recognition of the foresight of seismic shifts in the Attitudes of the nation begin in the sixties. Having said all this, the acting is good, and I came to conclude in my last years that Adam's character was drawn better than all the others. I do not think Pernell Roberts ever got the credit he deserved. Also, Season 1 is boosting the fact that Dan Blocker (Hoss) was a good actor. Many stories follow real historical events. Star guests were interesting. It was a great family fun, and the series is very well picked up.
