It must have been a joke around Bonanza about how it was fatal for any woman to interact with any Cartwright men. After all, Ben Cartwright was three times a widower with his son for every marriage. And every woman who got in touch with Adam, Hossa and Little Joe eventually died because we could not get rid of the widow's formula and the three sons who started this classic TV West. Perhaps today, if Bonanza was made, the writers had revolving female characters who were entering and leaving the life of Cartwrights. People have connections, some are good, some are not so good, just life. Today, we are less demanding than our heroes, so if we go to the south with one of them, we do not have to kill characters to keep the surviving nobility untouched. But that's if Bonanza was done today. But we still had a lot of expectations from our Western heroes and Bonanza, although it took some time to catch up and change the viewing time from NBC, which certainly helped, the secret of Bonanza's success was the noble patriarch Ben Cartwright and His powerful sons. Ben Cartwright was the ideal TV dad in any genre you want to name. He spent his whole life in a hard work on the construction of this huge Ponderosa spreading to his three children. The children were different in personality, but they all gathered at one point. Cartwarts have become and are still an American institution. I dare that more people care about this family than Kennedy's. The very popularity Bonanza has in the trade union testifies to this. Pernell Roberts as the oldest son of Adam is written from the show. The story is that he did not care for the noble Cartwright characters he felt at the boundary of the consecrated. Perhaps, if it were done now, it would have better described it in the way I describe it. This was just the beginning for Michael Landon, how many people get three hit TV shows. Landon also has a motorway to the paradise and a small house to Prarie where he had creative control. Little Joe was the youngest, most aggressive, but most romantic of Cartwright. When Roberts left. The show continued to go with two younger sons, but when the great Dan Blocker left, the heart came out of Bonanza. Until then, other characters have been added, David Canari, Tim Matheson and Ben Cartwright have adopted the young Mitch Vogel. But the big, loyal, but a little fat Hoss was easily the most favorite of Cartwright. His sudden death after surgery left an excessive hole in that family. So Cartwrights from Ponderos moved into history. I had the real taste of how America took Cartwright to the heart when I visited Virginia Virginia. It does not look anything like what you see in Bonanza. But near Lake Tahoe, where Ponderosa is located on the map in the introductory enclosure, there is Cartwright's Home, a rally that takes place and opens as a tourist attraction. Like Baker Street for lovers of Sherlock Holmes, Ranch and Cartwrights are real. And if they were not real, they should have been.
