I grew up in this classic western series, and as a child I always thought it was allowed to be late late Sunday night and watch it. Bonanza is still endlessly visible in re-runs. The series records the Adventures of the Cartwright family, who lives on a ranch near Virginia, Nevada, around the era of civil war. Their ranch (called Ponderos) is led and defended by the father of the widow, Ben, and his unwed three sons, Adam, Hoss and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers, all of whom have died many years earlier. Cartwrights are a valued, prosperous and honorable family, highly respected in those parts. Ponderosa is large so that reaching the extremities requires a lot of riding. Also, it is often necessary to take excursions to buy or sell livestock, and so on. Needless to say there are few such trips without problems. Although hospitable, many Cartwrights' energies have to be spent on defending their ranks from people who deceive them, or protecting themselves from jealous citizens from their prosperity and reputation. Cartwright's fire guns in the air and the like, but shoot to kill when they are considered absolutely necessary. They are involved in various city affairs, even in political life on the territory of Nevada. One of the main advantages of this series is the fundamental warmth that is always present (despite occasional disagreements) between Ben and his person. three sons and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three brothers. Now, a brother can be punished there and there, but generally there is a good reason for that at the time and his rage never lasts long! All the characters are very well drawn. Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man of great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and smartest of his brothers, left the series. Middle Brother Hoss is a mild gin-bear, which has an insatiable appetite for food and is a bit shy around the lady. The youngest, Little Joo, is a handsome, handsome charmer who, on the contrary, has a fair way with women. These three brothers enjoy different novels, but their love interests are usually killed by the end of the episode, otherwise marriage will prove impossible, for any reason. Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe), and of course Lorne Greene as a principled family patriarch, Ben. I love a cook at the ranch, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Iung. This is a wonderful action pack with great values. Cartwrights are always noble heroes, and most of the bad guys are pretty mean. If only these days on television were more programs like this old westerner!
