Valt Disnei and his nine are putting their spin from 1950 on a classic fairy tale about Pepeljuga, which I presume can help to form an unofficial "fairy princess" from the classic Disney years. COUNTRY: Cinderella is a beautiful girl who can not break. She is the daughter of a beautiful, rich widow who loved her very much, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father thought she needed a mother, and eventually married a woman who would become known as Lada Tremaine, alone widowed with two daughters about the same year as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizelle. At first, they all seemed to agree, but then Cinderella's father died, and the real nature of Lada Tremaine was discovered - she was cold, cruel, impotent, impotent, filthy woman, and she transferred these qualities to her daughters , who were spoiled, bratti, and equally mean funny. Anastasia & Drizella hates Cinderella because they know deeply that it is better to look and to be more beautiful, more attractive lady than themselves (ie more attractive to men), and their mother, Ladi Tremaine, hates Cindy for almost the same reasons. As the years passed, Lada Tremaine began to spend family riches in a stubborn but futile quest to improve / perfect her unpleasant, unattractive daughters (to call them "ugly" would be an insult to domestic people everywhere) while all three fled Cinderella's multiple The employee of the house, abusing her, maltreating and humiliating every chance she gets (especially like to increase her already absurd workload). This brings us to the Cinderella in the present, where she blossomed into a handsome young lady who somehow managed to stay kind and kind in spite of her offending family and she hoped that one day the tables would turn to her advantage. Cinderella gets her freedom and happiness when holding a royal ball to meet a local prince with a young girl who is entitled, so she can take it as a woman, settle down, set up a family, and so on. Of course, her family is trying to keep her away, she even went so far as to physically attack her and tear her clothes out (with the little help of her mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). Finally pushed over her turning point, the Cinderella rushed into the yard and cried in despair. At that moment, her villa-kuma, a short, full-fledged, happy woman, is coming to her, offering Cinderella with a transport and a dressed dress (after all, Cinderella would not leave a good impression on the ball if she entered the scene as though she had raped the gang. Cindy arrives on the ball, the prince hardly falls for her, but this boring rule comes to a halt at night, forcing her to escape, but leaving a glass slip behind her. Cut the story - after a long search for a mysterious girl trying on a glass slipper, Cinderella is found she and the prince marry, give Get her a happy ending she deserves. All in all, the funny Disney classic. Not without flaws, of which the brightest thing is that the Prince is a bit more than MacGuffin to help a plouching plot - he has very little time on the screen and even less dialogue, so we can never get to know him well or get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate, because, according to the documentary film, Prince was originally supposed to play a bigger role), and maybe there were also some additional scenes that would help Cinderella alone (the poem she showed her fantasy about turning into a servant's army to cleanse the house, as well as eavesdropping her post-family ball to show her fun with their jealousy, which was cut off because Valt himself thought it made her look like her defiant). Still, Cinderella itself is a pretty cute heroine, even if her mice friends are overwhelmed, and the movie is a sweetheart that is getting tougher to find these days. Of course, if this were done now, the Cinderella would probably have fought more against her family during the bathing scene, and it would probably get rid of the climax (whether she chooses a lock or makes an impractical but exciting leap down). but for those who say Cinderella is a bad example for young girls, well, think about this - at least the Cinderella did not go around to be publicly drunk and rude, unlike some modern "princess" (you know who I mean).
