Of all princess's stories Disney puts it, Cinderella probably has the most persistent complaint. I can not say exactly why, but for some reason, the generation after generation is pushing to the top of its leaves. As a little girl, I did not want anything more than being a Cinderella with a glass slippers - it was my absolute favorite costume. the human heart of the Cinderella. Who never wanted to escape from the effort of everyday life and find someone who sees you as nobody else? The story is older than English and somehow it is still true. As for the characters, if nothing else, Disney can make a wonderful villain. Lada Tremaine is evil for T, on a miraculously calculated, not an open physical way. Her cutting tongue and eyes do the job for her - she does not need a lightning rod to strike the fear in your heart. Animal Friends tend to tear, especially the idiotic Gus. I'd be glad he met his fate in Lucifer's forks. The cinderella itself was not excessive - sometimes it rules a fair remark. However, she only lacked the will to make her completely cute. Of course, she was good and fed the animals, but what did she keep in that place? We never know. Even if she became just a servant in another house, at least she will be paid and have the opportunity to respect her. It seems that the only reason why things work in the end is for Cindy that all kinds fall into place in her lap. She never works for her dreams that she so sings so well. What brings me to music, which is wonderful, as always. Ilene Voods has a wonderful, rich voice, probably my favorite of any Disney heroine. Here are some great standards - dream is the desire to make your heart, so this is love, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo ... Cinderella is a wonderful story with many music events. Although he is missing some character development, he provides some classical villains and excellent voice work. If you feel sick in your heart, put it inside - it will warm you up and make you sing Mmm Mmm Good! Film Quotation: <br /> <br /> - Surprise! Surprise! -Duh duh duh- Happy birthday!
