The twelfth animated Disney classic is a sensible film uttered through a simple story. Although slightly outdated, he deserves a place on the list of Disney classics. It is not among top-notch disneys, but it's satisfactory. One of the "simplest" Disney works, yes, but it retains a certain magic and magic (according to which the old Disney is known). This was an important film because Disnei saved from a delicate situation. If this were a failure, there would be no more Disney animated classics. "Cinderella" is somehow like a return to Disney's first animated classics ("Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs") because it returns a fairy-tale genre. It's not clear where the story goes, but I suppose it's somewhere in France, because it's based on Charles Perrault's story. There are many cute characters, such as Cinderella, Prince, Bruno (dog), Jakues and Gus (two mains), the villain (for the fairy that is surely funny), the birds, the king and the great Duke. Jakues is very clever and fun. I love his voice. It really has this quality like a mouse. Gus may not be that smart, but he is witty. The king is hilarious, but I think what makes him so ridiculous is his short nature. The Grand Duke is also cool and funny. They are two of my favorite characters in this movie and are responsible for many of the most fun moments. The Prince is certainly one of the most charming in Disney. There is no doubt that Prince Philip of "Sleeping Beauty" is inspired by this prince, because they are very similar. On the other hand, Lady Tremaine (stepmother) should not be cute because she is cold, jealous, outraged and cruel. Her daughters (Anastacia and Drizella) are not much better than her. However, the stepmother is not as boring as her ugly and selfish daughters. Cinderella, the main character, has nothing to do with them. Cinderella is gentle, kind, beautiful and cute. Otherwise, I think that her beautiful pink dress is much nicer than the fairy tailor's fairy tale. Lucifer (cat) is hilariously malicious. The way he walks, holds his nose in the air, and these arrogant and snobbish facial expressions make him laughable. Ironically, he is very similar to stepmother when it comes to personality. She always agrees with the views of the stepmother towards Cinderella. Lucifer has a real name for him because he's such a devilish cat. Still, he does not mind anything. Soundtrack is simple, but comfortable, although it is not among the best of Disney. The best song in this film is "Bibiddi Bobiddi Boo". There are many well-known talented actors, such as James MacDonald, Marion Darlington, Eleanor Audlei, Verna Felton and Luis Van Rooten. Despite being simple, the film has good artwork, as well as its beautiful details, although it is never something that is "out of the world." However, the royal palace is a spectacular masterpiece, indeed magnificent and colossal.
