As a boy, I've always hated the "Cinderella", as the two sisters overcame me when my parents were thinking about what to buy a Disney movie. I wanted "Dumbo," but my sisters won, and we got "Cinderella". They were thoroughly enjoying the movie while I was amazed at the background of the room playing with my Star Vars campaigns. Since then, much has changed. My love for Disney theme parks gave me an intern at Walt Disney World, and now I have two young nieces. I like to show them Disney as much as I can, and recently we watched together "Cinderella". With my new gratitude for everything Disney's, I watched "Cinderella" with a new perspective and was impressed by what I saw. From the beginning of the film, however, I did not quite understand why Cinderella was trapped in such an awful situation. Why was she so slaves to her family, and why could not she escape? I was not sympathetic to Cinderella, but as the story progressed, I found myself immersed in the story. Perhaps I'm attracted to an attractive animation or characters that love fun, or perhaps timeless songs. Listening to songs like "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo" and "Dream is a Vish Iour Heart Makes" somehow led me to thematic parks. I can imagine myself in that carefree and entertaining atmosphere while I look at Cinderella Castle. Something in this movie just invokes the magic of Disney. This can cause many people to mock, but go to the Magic Kingdom and see all the little girls dressed up as Cinderella who are excited to be in this fantastic world, and you will know what I'm talking about. Pictures of Cinderella and glass slippers - like Mickey Mouse, Vinnie Pooh, and Tinkerbell - illustrate why Disnei is one of the most sought after companies in the world. While "Cinderella" is not the strongest story, it is some kind of icon in Disney's and film history. It represents that fun, idealistic and fantastic wonder that we kept while we were children. I suppose this movie has many meanings for many, many people there. Maybe it's not my favorite Disney movie, but he's all that I love and admire. My IMDb Rating: 10/10. We Yahoo! Rating: A (extraordinary)
