People criticize Disney's animated features in the 1950s because of too much glare, set in landscapes that are too intact. This criticism is just. Yet this can not be the whole story, because the two are the least glorious - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, is set in a world where dirt is glittering, obviously the best. It looks good. Backgrounds are subtle and consistent; Colors are clean and not too bright. Animation is a little different. I swear that some people are rototyped - but then, rotoscopic people (including Cinderella) are not hidden characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. Real animals make a movie. I think the studio has never used animals in this way before, like totems, and not helpers. Mice, for example, are creatures that entice us into a story; but they are really representatives or allies of the colorless Cinderella. Cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch who is famous Vicked Stepmother. (The cat is brilliantly imagined and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. The animator was the supervisor of Vard Kimball and he modeled it on his own cat. I wonder how he suffered the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal the show without turning away attention from the main story. Their actions are of utmost interest only in the light of the main story. Among the auxiliary actors are the prominent people of the King and the Grand Duke. The king is the character of a note - he wants grandchildren and there seems to be no other wish - but the note is satisfied in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is a funny figure that deserves to be pulled out of his sphere as much as Cinderella. (Although he is, of course, richer.) "Cinderella" is Disney's return to the drawings after an eight-year break, and neither with him nor any later film would regain the raw brightness of his early years. Moreover, he himself made it difficult to choose the "Cinderella". She is a passive heroine and she can not do much. (I may be wrong in this game - I have not seen the recent "Ever After"). Nevertheless, it is incredible how Disney was successful in bringing this ill-fated story into life, not exceeding the grain of his spirit.
