The legendary film producer Valt Disney has brought the world's three biggest fairy tales to the screen. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his revolutionary classic Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, published in 1937. The last one was "Sleeping Beauties", which debuted in 1959. fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films "Cinderella", she is most proud of her origins. Ironically, unlike Snow White, which is for the better or worse, for many it has become the final version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit and, like "Snow White," he was responsible for restoring less and less Disney's wealth, never having achieved the same admission of the audience he must have earned. Disney, at least, was proud, deciding not to clash with the classic, instead of working out and adding the essence to the story, instead of rewriting it for the screen. The result was enchanting. The combination of superb animation (in beautiful soft Technicolor) and perfect voice talent has brought life to life with the glow that continues to this day. Ilene Voods, who worked as an artist, recorded demo discs as a favor for the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And he really did. Voods cordial editions "Dream is your wish for your heart", "So Love" and "Oh Sing Sveet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who continued to speak Maleficent in "Sleeping Beauties," masterfully captured the icy cruelty of the stepmother, while Rhoda Villiams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly nasty shepherds. Luis Van Rooten performed greatly as a king and as a great duke, and James Macdonald was as sweet as Jake and Gus, Cinderella handed mice. Villiam Phipps has a small dialogue because the prince (future talk talk manager Mike Douglas gave his singing voice), but film (and Disnei's) veteran, Verna Felton was born to play a fairy-tale godfather, and she made the best number (nominated for Oscar) "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") her own shov-stopper. Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film, was Mari Blair, whose inspired use of colors was highly admired by Disnei. Its elegant backdrops from the French period make a great contribution to the quality of the film. But the most important of all are convincing characters - from Cinderella, all the way to Lucifer, mother of tasty evil cats. They bring life and liveliness to the often-told story, something that is very difficult to create in an animated movie. In connection with the 55th anniversary of the film, (and not so accidentally, the upcoming holiday) "Cinderella" was just released on a special DVD release. She just never looked better. A completely restored movie must be seen to be appreciated - it is enough to say, it looks wonderful. An enhanced stereo sound track is added and serves for music. DVD accessories, which are now the standard part of Disney Platinum releases, are too numerous to be listed here, but as usual, some are targeted at children, some are inclined to adults, and the rest falls somewhere between. But true fans will want to get a Deluke gift set, because, with the real movie cell and eight sketches of characters, it contains a 160-page book that not only contains most of the material contained in the 1995 special edition video edition edition, but and much more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, if you are like me, you are a fan of "Cinderella", take it NOW! This edition is really "Dream True."
