And here's another piece of evidence that claims that we should all adore the Italian gialla and admit that this is absolutely the most unique under the genre in horror. Emilio Miraglia "The Red Kueen Kills Seven Times" is a completely enchanting set of original plans, stylistic production values, enchanting music, brilliant acting talents and inventive series of murders. It's an incredible giallo (released in the golden year of 1972), which belongs to the top five of every Italian cinema enthusiast. The story is not just your average killer with a black glove and a sexually frustrated killer, but combines good old-fashioned revenge motives with a silly myth of the killer Red Queen. In their early years, their grandfather is constantly talking to the brothers and sisters Kitty and Evelyn of the unusual lady that once every 100 years on April 6 kills seven people of whom her sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty became a successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when suddenly killing begins. Sister Evelin would be an obvious culprit, but she recently moved to the US ... Or is she? A complex yet tempting and striking red herring is thrown at you every few minutes, and the red figure of the Queen is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo-history. Her face can never be seen, but she wears a bloody red robe and produces the most gruesome laugh whenever she makes a new sacrifice. She is not very gentle because her victims are barbarically stabbed with a dagger, dragged behind the car, and even stuffed onto fences! The latter is truly one of the greatest (= horrific) acts of violence I have ever seen! What else can you ask for? Some fine and delicious nudity, maybe? Beautiful female actors got this more than covered, among them Barbara Bouchet and young Sibil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous giallo-director, because he made only this and equally recommended "Night Evelin Out of the Grave", but his influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
