I sit through movies like "Tiempo de Valientes" and I want to talk about the movie for hours. The animosity that this film has caused me is beyond my boundaries of explanation, for I am looking at the scene of the film and I am looking for within my thoughts for film ideas and dialogical innovations that might emanate from something greater than Damian Szifron's mind. Looking at the environment, so uncompromising, so simple, I think; This man is a genius. No wonder he created what is probably the best TV show ever seen by Argentina, and then the first film full of elements that some contemporary directors have not yet achieved. "El fondo del mar" is the name and, awakened (a few years ago), my enthusiasm for our everyday cinema. Starting off your journey from people's everyday lives, Szifron goes where Pablo Trapero is never in "El Bonaerense"; the life of the Federal Police. Trapper's movie was a journey into the mind and the experience of a man, not the place he saw. Yes, there was detailed training and many criminal situations, but Szifron in "there," his more detective story, like those we know and love, with mysteries and exciting music. But in his writing there is a lot of humanity and he shows us his research with the eyes of his main characters, Alfred Diaz and Marian Silverstein. There are a lot of big caliber actors in the film, but these two actors without which the movie can not. The first character (Luis Lukue) is a detective who has just learned that his wife is cheating on him; and must work on the case. The second is a psychiatrist to whom the treatment of a detective is assigned. He wants to deal with him at regular meetings, but the sheriff takes the advantage of time and suggests joining Diaz in his routines: "Nothing, normal things; no problem." But that's bigger than that, and will reveal a part of the doctoral personality he did not know. The relationship between the two guides can not be explained if it is not observed, because in connection with such complexity that shows how talented some people like Szifron who are now trying to leave a signature in our history. Diasz, when he came to incredible spontaneity, in a situation of high pressure, says to Silverstein: "How are we going to continue our treatment?" Silverstein replies, "No, I'm not your doctor. You're calling me to have dinner; your friend": we laugh because we can not help. And we can not laugh when Diaz collapses the car on the street and does not give it the importance, or when he stopped working all the red lights on the street, or when he smoked a pot in his police patrol and Silverstein it can not believe it (but then he smokes because he is fucked); or when Silverstein tries to be friendly with Diaz's friends. The Magic of Diet Perethi is what we receive there. He himself, psychiatrist, gives performance in the "Locas de amor" plan, but impresses with all his reach. On the other hand, Luis Luque returned to the right path with a superb portrait that reminds us of the great actor. There is a passion I have for this, and as I said, I could write about it for hours, but unfortunately this is not the way it works and I have to be precise and summarized. Although I have to watch many old films and study them, I can assure that "Tiempo de Valientes" is a comedy that Argentina has been waiting for and has never received so far.
