This is the most amusing rush I've ever seen and I think it's the funniest I'll ever see. If you do not dare to smile in absolute cheer, then this is not your glass. But I honestly do not know anyone who saw what he did not like. Now it's 17 years later and my friends and I are still quoting everything from Goonie Goo Goo to fart game, Aunt Bunnie to ice cream, Ralph and Ed to come out !! There are so many individual and collective jumps of joy here that if you honestly did not see this movie then you missed one of the best stand-up ever. Get any Robin Villiams, Damon Vaians, Dice, George Carlin, or even giants such as Richard Prior or Red Fokk, and it will surpass it. I do not know how and where Murphy got some of his stuff, but he does. It's down to it. It's funny like hell. Can you imagine how this show shocked people who are accustomed to Eddie to do the hedge and Mr. Rogers, and similar to the SNL? If you listen to the audience when they empty out their first joke or when they say it F for the first time, they are in complete shock. The first time says F is a word when he makes a sketch about that Mr. T is homosexual. "Hey boy, hey boy. You look pretty cute in jeans. Now come here and f @ ** me in the ass!" The crowd emerges in a torrent of laughter. No one expected a dirty mouth to free them. But the results were just great. I've never been burdened with a ruthless comedy like I was in this stand up. In fact, the next time my stomach was so painful with laughter, it was not until 1999 when I saw the SOUTH PARK: HEADS AND FURTHER. This comedy was uncompromising and irresistible, and it was intended for the neck, as well as DELIRIOUS. I do not think it's possible to watch this comic history, not laughter. It's been almost twenty years and it's still the funniest thing in the video. Last week I took your children to fishing. I put a worm on the hook and the children returned the fishing rod back in the boat and slammed their heads in the water for two minutes. Gus normal children do not work like shit like Gus Then they started to move on their heads this way and m **** f ***** appeared. Then they looked up and said Goonie Goo Goo! I said you can trust this f **** n shit ?! " See him again and be ready to smile with your strange ass off! 10 of 10
