I think Ebert gave four of four stars to Stella, but apart from his, I never read a positive review of this, unfortunately, misunderstood drama about class splits, love and sacrifice (three themes that are the most important romantic stories or films: Here is the main topic of the division class, a story from the time of the American depression, which means that it was translated into a screen in such an unforgettable way that this remake (if you ask Stanvik's fans or two) was not very appreciated, the original fans never gave him a chance. made and in the 1990s, it's not exactly the time of major financial problems in America (such as depression). Now is the time to remove pink glasses, amid a new era of recession and poverty in America, and we see that this powerful story is still true, It's timely and relevant as always, in its updated format. Yes, the class division is the main theme here. She was stuck with poor workers, single, with big dreams but with little hope of achieving these dreams. He works at a bar, does not have much money, lives in a cramped apartment. You got a float. She does not want to get up in the morning. On her wall, images of movie stars she worships. The man sees how dancing in the bar. He is rich, educated, from one of those higher class families that has nothing in common with Stell. His biggest concern is the ivy league college to attend, it's how to pay the rent, how to be "happy". They have an affair. They love each other. Stella ends pregnant. Stella tells the type of news. His answer? "A abortion?" She answers: "I just wanted a room full of balloons." He gives balloons and a proposal, but he sees that his heart is not in it, and that he has too much pride to accept. She sends him a pack. Her daughter was eventually disassociated between the two ways of life - the love she had for her mother and the advantages and fortunes and love she had provided by her rich father. Stella, alone and unhappy, and not wanting her daughter to become as unhappy as she would one day bring the ultimate sacrifice. She renounces the only love and happiness she has ever known to secure the happiness of her daughter, perhaps living vicarious, and with hope, knowing that at least her daughter found something to live. Now, for the movie. Everything is fine. Wonderful scorecard, great cinema, excellent scenography (contrast between two lifestyles, untidy and decorated villas), wonderful and sincere performances by the entire actor, especially Bette Midler, in particular Oscar. This is a movie that is much more significant and well made than you thought.
