while hard-core detective stories by Dashiell Hammett and Raimonda Chandler adapted to the film as a fox in a hen - actually creating a definitely modern American genre and style in the process - those that could be called fiction of the Golden Age any impression. Problem with books such as Agate Christie, Dorothy L. Saiers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this film is based) is that they are weak to action or diversity - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlow go through the streets of LA working class, bars, offices, rich villas and meet all sorts of exciting dangers and Violence, the fiction of the Golden Age is mostly fixed in place, the place of murder, usually a luxurious village house, and the action is limited to exploring the traces and interviewing the suspects. This is a very static procedure, the action is reduced to a riddle. It is, of course, as much ideological as anything else, the Golden Age stories that relate to a society hostile to change and movement; hard-boiled novels record an urban reality that is increasingly moving away from the center (both authority and city), separating itself into hostile, uncontrolled and lawless camps. Another big problem with the Golden Age fiction is the character - because we can not know the answer to the crime to the end, we can not get access to motivations or emotions of characters, which are defined solely by their potential need for murder. Detective, unlike anxious, prejudiced private eyes, is simply there to be brilliant, and perhaps a little eccentric. The problem with most movies from the Golden Age books is that they are trying to be a period of recreation at the school of ivory / Jane Austen, and in the end it will look stupid. There has been success, for example, of the radical transformation of Ellery Kueen and others from Claude Chabrol. There were really only two in the English speaking world. Alistair Sim classic, "Green For Danger," works because it pushes the form almost into parody, and never releases integrity or interest in the mystery. Before that came the great Michael Curtiz. Glasses '. The story is purely a golden age. A disgusting character is introduced which gives a certain number of potential suspects the reason to kill him. He was duly killed in a seemingly secure way, pointing to suicide, knocked down in a locked room. Crippled cops fall hopelessly to the bait. From Philo Vance, a gentleman and an amateur detective, it's neither old nor fat, to read the traces more insightfully, open the case from the room, and ultimately solve the case, and the corpse is a bit more than an excuse for intellectual stimulation. What is interesting is not this detective plot - which can only be unsatisfactory because all the solutions - although it is rarely less than fun, and full of comic parts of the business. There is not even an attempt to "undermine" a picture of the perfect detective - there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to brutally bring the suspect, without Vance's protest, but that's all. What marks the "Kennel" as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered major authors, as there are no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was the greatest tradesman in Hollywood and is here in a sensational form. if the Golden Age detective story is just a riddle, Curtz leads this idea with a logical extreme, creating an abstract variation at its source, reducing narration, character and location in geometry, a series of lines, from beautiful art-deco sets to the magnificent movements of the cameras that suddenly break from static compositions, and, as angry as they glide at an angle, shake the dead décor into life. This treatment is suitable for a story that resolutely rejects realism, that is a pattern that turns the detective plot into a mirror hall, such as two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from the book 'Unresolved mystery'. This fantastic world of disgusting rich people who collect Oriental relics (Shades of Moonlight?), Undecided Chinese servants, ex-slaves who are turning, dog lovers, Runioneskue cops, the perfect place for Vance, a man Leave the cruise to Europe for a fascinating prediction , who knows the social world of these people, and yet is infected with his crime and association with the police, or he would be nothing more than a thinking machine, Villiam Povell, the greatest American comedian of the decade, is a brave embarrassment of his idiosyncratic humanity. But if the treatment is diluted, the climax is spectacularly brutal, including the evil dogs and the attempted murder. The police and the detective who are supposed to prevent crime are guilty of inciting one.
