There are some movies that each Horror fan owes to himself (or himself) to see, and Emilio Miraglia is "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" aka. "Red Queen kills seven times" (1972) is definitely one of them. Since Gialli and Gothic Tales are my two favorite sub-genres in Horror, I have been looking forward to watching this movie for a long time, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece surpassed my greatest hopes. Miraglia was earlier Giallo, "The Night Evelin Out of the Grave" (1971) is already a creepy and highly atmospheric film that was successfully mixed with Giallo with Gothic Horror, but could not possibly compare it with this instant personal favorite. "The Red Queen kills seven times" is, by dropping her hands, one of the most striking and powerful Italian films about the horror ever made, and no genre lover would be able to think about it. Unbelievably enchanting Giallo with powerful Gothic elements, "The Red Kueen" delivers everything you could hope for in both sub genres: an inventive and incredibly striking tangle, a tremendous spell, a sublime strange ambience and a truly dreadful atmosphere, spooky lush colors, modern murder, a brilliant result, and no less important, a beautiful female head led by incredibly beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this film is simply one of the most prominent combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. The film begins incredibly in the beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Vildenbruck and her sister Evelin fight when their grandfather tells the story behind an incredibly strange picture: The legend says that the devil Red Lady should return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitti (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people are starting to kill themselves ... The director of Miraglia has already proven his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and color in "Night Evelin Out of the Grave" and uses these elements even more efficiently in this gem. . "The Red Queen kills seven times" is a real guest for the eyes, and one of the biggest films of Italian horror, both visually and by plan. Pictorial painting only in the Santa Claus is capable of providing the viewer with geese. The red lady (or the Red Queen, as she calls it the English name) is undoubtedly the strangest figure ever in Giallo, a laugh that shook the spine, and who followed the murders, would even be intimidating. Sexy female actor is always appreciated, especially in Giallo, and this is a great example for this. Beautiful Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the prettiest lady who ever appeared on the screen, and she is a great actress. Bouchet's presence has reached numerous Italian films, among other performances, she performed in the three greatest Cult masterpieces of the Italian film of the 70's within a year (1972): Fernando Di Leo "Milan Calibro 9", Lucio Fulci's Giallo- mark "Don" Torture a Duckling and this unforgettable jewel. In addition to the beautiful Miss Bouchet, the beautiful female actress in the film includes the sexy young Sibil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("Night Evelin Out of the Grave") and other beauties that are not afraid to show the camera. As a complete film, the murders are modern and extremely elegant, but terrifying and creepy, and some of them are pretty bloody. Bruno Nicolai is an obvious result to be remembered as much as possible, and makes the film an intense, raging atmosphere even more unforgettable. The plot is ingeniously intricate and full of red herring, the level of tension increases with every minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins to be creepy and stays staggering until the last second. All in all, this is one of the films for which I can not find enough words to praise. "The Red Kueen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily fits among the best Gialli ever made, and a top priority for every Horror and / or Italian movie lover. 10/10
