In 1930, Michael Curtiz directed a very stylish piece from Robert Presnell's script, Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel that they adapted was "The Killings in Cinema", perhaps from a writer's point of view, best of Philo Vance's mystery by the strange S.S. Van Dine. Vance was a longtime and overwhelming detective genius, and his character assigned to Villiam Povell probably meant that managers at Varner Brothers were aware of the possibility that this detective could distract viewers in less engaging hands. Fortunately, Villiam Povell was first determined by character; Later they were played by Basil Rathbone, Varren Villiam and Paul Lukas before they got the status of "B" picture. The second question, as always, with Varner Brothers managers is why they chose Vance as a character; their tendency was to choose men who acted outside the law without obvious discrimination between the killer's evil and the advocates of individual rights against all who are coming. This film has a disgusting villain who has been killed, and a claustrophobically challenging site within the housing complex. The characters are undoubtedly unusually well-realized, the direction is pretty good and unusually fast; and in addition to the dark B / V looks, the film avoids the comedy, superfluous characters and irrelevant dialogues characteristic of many early detective records. Jack Okei has done a good art direction. Berhard Kaun's music is usable; Orri-Kelli did the costumes. Villiam Reese provided mostly closed cinema. In an interesting movie, Povell is The Philo Vance of his time, mostly a sober mind, with a hint of anarchic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usually playing very straight as a respected Vance partner, with his very professional time. The second best-actor is the handsome Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what is written as a piece of red haringa. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career she talked too fast to be effective as she later proved. Also in the acting team were Helen Vinson as a wicked woman, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as a criminal who has reason to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his cute brother with Robert McVade as DA ; Strange and fun Etienne Girardot has a wonderful witty part like a funny little doctor forensic who comes to the scene of the crime. James Leigh as an abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. The first thing is shad at a dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show terriers of West Highland. Cavanagh's dog was killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title above his entrance. The second part of the scene includes the departure; Someone is confused enough who went to where, after Coe's girlfriend, Winson, he wrongly killed his good brother. Enter Vance to find out who is in Archer Coeu in a locked room and how, with the help of Palette; romantic difficulties have been corrected, the Chinese servant has been released, we learned who broke the expensive vase, who would marry someone, how Archer Coe was made and why the butler did not do it - but someone else with a good excuses. This is more than a good little mystery, which experienced Hungarian director Curtiz realized seriously. He used wipes, quick cuts, camera angle changes, and a change from a simple and bold camera to achieve diversity, interest, and steady pace. Many writers, critics, and experts, including myself, consider this to be the best Vance project, even though others are worthwhile.
