"Markham," says urban gentleman Philo Vance (Villiam Povell) district attorney, "I'm getting more and more convinced that Archer Coe was killed in this room. The fragments ... everything is here." "Ali Vance," says Markham , "you want to tell me that the dead man has gone up?" "I'm not trying to tell you anything but the facts," says Vance. "This is the most important case in my experience." We are compassionate. Rich, arrogant Archer Coe, who did not like everyone who knew him, was found on a chair in his bedroom, a pistol in his hand and a wound from a bullet to his head. But wait. Further investigation shows that Coe was badly hit by a blunt instrument that broke his skull. Then his wound is in his back. What's complicated is that the doors and windows of the Coe's rooms were locked from the inside. Coe was not a suicide; This was murder. But how could the killer escape? What was the specific motivation since there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the closet on the floor? The killer kennel murder case, which is at the age of 73, continues to provide an elegant look to the old classic room with a locked room. What makes it work well as it is, first, the mystery is complicated and smart, but it is logical, however. Second, it's a fun, safe performance by Villiama Povella. Consider his work as Philo Vance as something that he was testing for his great performances like Nick Charles. A little things get off Vance. He uses his own mind to collect things. He is also a good company. Povell was a star in his twenties and has progressed steadily toward status and popularity when picked up by talkie. His intelligence, style and sophistication without pain have made him one of the most modern actors of the past. It is also nice to see a few more great faces. There is Mari Astor as Hilda Lake, a young, outraged and potentially rich Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as the titled Brit hovering around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her extremely sparse and selfish way (see how she really does her things in Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a little older man like Dr. Doremus, whose work as a coroner and a medical investigator took him from a meal; and Ralph Morgan as Private Secretary Archer Coe. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fatty tissue that can easily carry comfortable suits with English cuts. Most of all, Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and pebbles, as detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-standing acquaintances who seem to like him.
