I feel a bit protective of this film because it was my introduction to U.N.C.L.E.-vers. The year was 1972, and I.T.V. on Saturday night, they all were in one run (followed by re-appearances of The Persuaders, starring Tony Curtis and Roger Moore). 'The Karate Killers' was chosen to open the season. It started with a cold action sequence while Solo and Kuriakin's sports car were attacked by the squadron of the mini-copter THRUSH. From that moment on, I was a fan of life. After the main points (nice to see the special order of the title here instead of the usual practice of slowing down the action footage) we go to the lab dr. Simone True (Jim Boles), the inventor of the new formula for extracting gold from sea water. True woman Amanda (Joan Cravford) had an affair with agent THRUSH Randolph (Herbert Lom). A really merciless man, he kills a doctor and his wife, before looking for a lotion. The truth was prepared for this event - it divided it into five segments, each in its own photo, and sent it to its five daughters, all scattered all over the world. Solo and Kuriakin set out to get the formula first, leading to a series of episodes in different locations, and cameo from those like Telli Savalas (like a sophisticated Italian count), Terri-Thomas and Curt Jurgens. One of the daughters of Dr.True - Sandi (Kim Darbi) - follows U.N.C.L.E. Guys on their global quest. After you compiled the formula, THRUSH appeared and forced them to hand it over before they were transferred to their secret base on the North Pole ... <br /> <br> From all UNCLE featured Movies, this is what I felt was supposed to be made especially for the cinema. It hurts the fact that it is a television product, although it is even more expensive than usual. No recording of the location was recorded, and different segments appear as a repetitive, usually culminating scrap between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. From actors, Joan Cravford is an unforgettable hammi in her small role, and Curt Jurgens is a bad miscast like sugar dad. Like London bobs, Terri-Thomas is as beautiful as ever, and Herbert Lom is good as a major bad guy. Kim Darbi goes through the "Sandi". She should have been told to stay at home. What's surprising is that it makes it more entertaining and entertaining than many official movie releases of that time, including "In Like Flint," "Casino Roiale", and "The Ambushers." I know how Solo and the company escaped from THRUSH H.K. after Randolph's death.
