I watch a lot of movies, good, bad and indifferent; There is usually something interesting to fix, even if it's just about a design, or about the reliable performance of a good art actor, or a random laugh that stems from looking at incompetence forever trapped. However, I was quite pleasantly surprised with this film, which I have never seen before. Graham Greene has been translated into the film many times, of course, in masterpieces such as "thin man" and in smaller vehicles. The "confidential agent" is one of those smaller vehicles, but nevertheless it succeeds to bring me somewhere somewhere, despite the weak direction, the discordance between Bacall and Boier's views as (respectively) British and Spanish, and virtually the complete lack of any chemistry between the two waters. In a way, this last "problem" actually begins to act in favor of the film, because how can love really flourish in the murderous atmosphere of fascism and meeting capitalism on the tragedy of a person? The most interesting aspect of the film stems directly from Green's complex psychology, which is guilty and permeates the film. I know that some see the deliberate walk here as boring, and I can understand that. Nevertheless, I discovered that the truncheon was emphasizing, not taking away from the claustrophobic world. I was forced to watch, and not by any great acting (although Boier was miraculous as usual, he managed to convey a rich mixture of tiredness in the world, tragedies, hopes and grills with his magnificent voice and longing eyes), but by the spiral wave of slender the hope of one man against the world of oppression and money. What is a thief? What is the benefit of love for death? Where does the ending and profit taking begin? The film does not rise to the level of art, and therefore can not hope to answer such questions, but it is much more than mere entertainment, and its murders and guilt are very scathingly drawn. The lack of a glance, a "balloon", a narrative "bounce" helps make this movie very valuable. And there is no happy ending, because history has written an end.
