It could have been a better movie. It draws on points, and the central story moves from Boiere, completing his mission to Boier, revengeing the death of Vanda Hendrik, but Graham Greene is an author who is really hard to ruin. His stories are all stories of morality, for his own consideration of Catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his view of the world) and human condition. Boier is Luis Denard, well-known. a concert pianist, who stood on the side of the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. They sent him to England to try to make an arms deal that is desperately needed. Unfortunately, for Denard, he is literally alone - each of his contacts turns out that he is ready to roll over for the phallagists of Spain. Especially Katina Pakinou (Mrs. Melendez), the terrible guardian of the boarding house, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras) are the teachers of the international language of the type "esperanto". Vanda Hendrik is a girlfriend of the girl (Else) who works for Ms. Melendez. Local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken) is already a ready associate of the Falangist. The British (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander, and best - if not the worst - of them, George Coulouris) will not give Boier the cause much hope (which he can soon understand in Britain). Herbert and Mander only retreat behind the official neutrality policy that Ramsey McDonald and Stanley Boldwin's governments have made during the civil war. Coulouris is a typical type of Colonel Blimp - always flawless in his original English diction, he is harsh in that he does not like foreigners at all. One air of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), here she is trying to play her role as much as she - but she really can not. She is an aristocrat - Lord Press's daughter. It was Bacall's second film, and (sadly) almost sank a long career. She is well-behaved, but the spark she showed in her first film was a consequence of the double effect of acting with Humphrey Bogart and the director of Howard Havks. Boier is a good actor, but not Bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not Havks. Her next film brought her back to Bogie and Havks, and her star continued her ascent. It is a dark film (as it was a novel). Boier's mission never fails, because it has too many hidden enemies. But villains are also losers - often their lives. With Dan Seimouro as a suspicious foreign landlord Katina Pakinou (and the man who is destroying her). It's good to watch to catch Varner actors who do their best, given the weakness in the direction.
