MacArthur starts and ends with General Douglas MacArthur, Gregory Peck, Alma Mata, US Army Academy West Point at Hudson. We see a poor 82-year-old general, McArthur, who told the graduates in 1962 about the honor of serving his country. The film then enters a nearly two-hour flashback to the genius and controversial career of General MacArthur that begins in the darkest hours of World War II on the encircled Corregidor island in the Philippines early spring in 1942. The witness to leave the island for Australia before the Japanese army attacked, General MacArthur for the first time in his military career almost does not respect the direct order of his superiors US President Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dana O'Herlihi. Feeling to leave his people at his greatest moment, the need of MacArthur reluctantly, together with his wife and young son, did what was said to him only to persecute him for a reminder of the war. It was this reason, his escape from the fire of death or detention by the Japanese, who led General MacArthur to exploit all his influence that FDR two years later launched a major invasion of the Philippines, instead of the island of Formosa, to support the promise of the Philippine people as well as thousands of American prisoners of war. He will return and return with the strength of the US Army and Navy to support his promise! In two years to the invasion of the Philippine island, General MacArther threw Japanese forces into the South of Paphizia in a series of brilliantly-designed battles on island hips that isolated and starved hundreds of thousands of Japanese troops to surrender. The General has done that he suffered much less American military losses than any other allied commander in the Pacific warfare! In 1950/51. In the Korean War, General MacArthur achieved his most brilliant victory, as well as the worst military defeat. After surpassing the progressive North Korean army in brilliant and perfectly executed, with invasive American Marines who suffered less than 100 casualties, a back door, or an invasion of the left hook to the Incheon Gen. along the Ial River, the communist Red China. It was told to its subordinates to face the threat of massive ground attack by Communist Chinese troops Gen. MacArthur pressed it until the attack materialized that the forces of the US and the UN would not turn into tape. The unstoppable wave after the wave of attacks The Red Chinese troops forced the US / UN forces to retreat in the "big way out" in 1950 with their lives, leaving all their equipment behind, across the North Korean border and leaving the capital of South Korea of ​​Seoul! It turned out to be one of the biggest military disasters in US history, when US forces lost a record in the Korean War, 1,000 lives on the first day of November. 29/30 1950s Invasion of Communist China! Shocked and humiliated in what he allowed, mainly because of his arrogance, that had happened, MacArthur went on the offensive not against the progressive Communist Chinese and North Korean forces, but his own commander and chief of the press. Harri S. Truman, Ed Flanders, in that he did not have any problems or to do what should be done: He launched a full-scale invasion of the Communist China by nuclear weapons if it is necessary to prevent its troops from crossing the Korean peninsula! For Pres. Truman, who took only enough garbage from General MacArthur in him to escape from his mouth to the public that he was wrong in the war, as MacArthur wanted, against the Red Chinese this was the last straw! On April 11, 1951 Pres. Truman unselfishly freed General MacArthur from his command as Supreme Commander of US / UN forces in Korea! Pres. Truman's courageous but very unpopular decision also did not follow MacArthur's overall war strategy, preventing the Third World War from spinning with the ally of the Soviet Union-Communist China-that at the time, like the United States, had an atomic bomb! Pres. Truman's controversial decision to dismiss very popular General MacArthur also cost him his re-election in 1952, with the numbers of the survey being so low - in the mid-twenties - to withdraw - in March of that year - from the US presidential campaign. It was General MacArthur's misfortune that he was in the vicinity when political and military climate in the world changed in how to lead future wars. With the horrors of the nuclear war now, 1950/51. For years, reality would be a national suicide to get out, like Gen. not only US USSR & Red China, but the whole world! It was this important reality of the future war that General MacArthur had never been taught, since the A and H bombs were not yet invented in West Point. Back to 1962, we can now see that Gen. MacArthur, after completing his speech at West Point, became an older and wiser soldier, as well as, since retirement of the US military, an older statesman in his sense of war and utter futility. One thing that General MacArthur learned from his early childhood, from his general, teenager Douglas MacArthur Sr, who kept him all his life, was that a soldier, like him, should be the last, and not the first time, to settle among the peoples . In that, soldiers must fight and die in it. It took all his life, with the advent of the nuclear age, for General MacArthur to finally understand how his father was the winner of the medal of honor at the congress, as he was, he was real and wise!
