A great portrait of Gregory Peak Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the war in the Pacific until he was removed as a UN commander during the war in Korea offers a reason to believe in all three abovementioned possibilities. Certainly the most controversial American general of the Second World War (and perhaps even now) MacArthur is presented here as a man of mass contradictions. He claims that soldiers are primarily for peace, but he obviously celebrates the war; he constantly denies any political ambitions, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to strengthen himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command must follow his orders to the letter, but he deliberately defies the orders of the President of the United States; He shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan), yet he is completely out of touch with his country. All these things are kept in balance throughout the film, and ultimately the viewer is left to draw his conclusions about that man, although it remains to be doubted that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loved his country, and especially the army. He devoted his life. Peck's performance, as I said, is brilliant - to the extent that it actually overshadows almost all the others in the movie (which may be appropriate, given to whom he portrayed!) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I thought he gave a convincing look to Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly calling MacArthur "His Majesty") angry, frustrated, and finally quite boring to this general who simply will not respect his authority. Marj Dusai was intriguing, and as MacArhur's wife, Jean, dedicated to her husband (whom she called "the general," although their relationship was happy enough.) I enjoyed this film, although I might have liked to learn more about MacArthur's wound life. I was always laughing at MacArthur's reaction that Eisenhover was elected president ("He will be a good president - he was the best goddamn official I ever had" - which seems to summarize what MacArthur thought the role of the president should be, especially his military commanders during the war.) Good to watch. 8/10
