It is important to note that my only third review of this film, while the "Patton-Lust for Glory", former producer Frank McCarthy's biography of the controversial US general from the Second World War, has attracted nearly a hundred comments so far. Like the previous reviewer, I'm intrigued why one movie should receive more attention than others. One difference between these two films is that the Patton is more focused, concentrated on a relatively short period of time and immediately after the end of World War II, while MacArthur does not cover only this war, but also the role of the subject in the Korean War, as well as his period as an American governor of the occupied Japan during interludes. The main difference, however, lies in the way in which two leaders play. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated 'Patton'. While Scott had another big star, Karl Malden, who played opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in 'MacArthur' was hosted, at least for their film work. Scott, of course, portrayed Patton as an aggressive and fierce, man who was sometimes at war with the rest of the human race, not only with the enemy. I assume that in real life General MacArthur was equally volcanic as Patton, but this does not appear in this film. Pecko MacArthur is more reflective, more imaginative, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. Sometimes it seems to be even a man of the political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid member of the CND, and his policy for reforming the Japanese society during the US occupation has half-socialist air for them. In an attempt to show something from MacArthur's gift of inspirational leadership, Peck makes him a good speaker, but his speeches seem to owe more to the studied tricks of practiced rhetoric than to any fire in the heart. As if Atticus Finch from 'To Kill a Mockingbird' put General's uniform. While Scott tried the 'nipples and everything' portrayal of Patton, criticism was made that 'MacArthur' was an attempt to sneak some of the less attractive qualities of its subject. I think this critique is fair, especially as far as the Korean War is concerned. The film leaves the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to oppose the disruptive, military-minded politicians who did not know how to fight in the war and who was fired because of his pain when the victory was in his power. Of course, many historians believe that Truman was forced to replace MacArthur because his behavior had become a risk to world peace, and had no choice but to accept a pat post because Stalin would not allow his Chinese allies to be humiliated. Even during the Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur encounters the idealistic of his real life, probably; we see a little of his recklessness and naivety on political issues. (Truman's remark, "he knows about politics how many pigs know about Sunday," Eisenhower was told, but equally applicable to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's nipples reflects the period in which it was made. In the late 1970s, after the double trauma of Vietnam and Vatergate, there was a difficult time for America, and the public seeking persuasion could welcome a convincing heroic display of the military figure of the previous generation. Another criticism I would give to the film is that it falls between two chairs. If MacArthur was to be a full biography, it was necessary to show something about his early life, which was not covered at all. (The first thing we see from the General is when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One of the topics that pass through the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, who is himself a military hero. I would like to see what kind of man Arthur MacArthur is, and why his son considered him to be such a hero and model. Another interesting way of filming the film would be the concentration on Korea and MacArthur's conflict with Truman, with the same importance given to two men and actors of similar growth who played them. The way the film originated seemed to me to be less interesting than any of these alternative approaches. However, it would be wrong to give the impression that I did not like the movie at all. Although perhaps I did not agree with Peck's interpretation of the main role, one can not deny that he played with his normal professionalism and seriousness. Film as a whole is a good example of a solid, worker biopic, thoughtful and informative. It's a good movie, but one that could have been better. 7/10. On a pedantic base, the map that MacArthur displayed during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between the two Korean states that did not arise all the way to the war. (Pre-war limit was 38th parallel). Likewise, I think MacArthur was referring to the 'tocsin' war. War can be poisonous, but difficult to listen to with a thirsty ears for the poison.
