This film will tell you why Amitabh Bacchan is one man's industry. This movie will tell you why Indian movie visitors are crafty buyers. Amitabh was at the height of his domination in Bollivood when his former kin Prakash Mehra again decided to use his image. Prakash has the habit of collecting themes and building stories, adding him the liberal doses of Bollivood sensibilities and clichés. Zanzeer made the video of Angri Ioung Man. Lavaris is about being a bastard, and Namak Halal was about the loyalty of the master. But the theme was limited to move the script through the regulation of three hours of songs, dancing and drama. What is included in the film is the caricature of Harianavi who goes to Mumbai and turns into a controlling hero. Amitabine vocal skills and diction saw the film earning large sums, thanks to its flawless accentuating accent. For me, this is just the biggest retreat in the movie. Everything else is typically Bollywood writing on the screen. Amitabh so far had to have some typical comedy scenes in each of his films. Thank you, Manmohan Desai. This film had a good dose. A Shoe Shop at a party, a monologue over Vijay and Vijay Hazara's trade, the challenge of mosquitoes in the meeting room and the usual drunken scene that has until now become standard amitabh's food. Shashi Kapoor added an extra mile to a movie with his strange character (remember he asked Ranjeet for "Shaaadaaaap" after a poisonous cake incident). His role was important to the master while Amitabh was his loyal a servant ... um ... and so Shashi had to carry his act with the rest of the film. It was a character that could have been more developed to make a serious movie, but this is a slap, you remember? That way, people came in see Amitabh in a new hat and come back home happy. The girl is always predictable, and good guys get a girlfriend ku, and bad go to jail, the ancient theme of loyalty is once again emphasized and everything is good that ends well. So, does this film make it a classic? Amitabh Bacchan as Harianvi. Prakash Mehra has created another icon in the name of the story Chuck the story, characters and plot. My tags are for Amitabh only.
