When I was on Hollywood video, I watched through their films and there was DEMONICUS for five bucks plus fifty percent! I only saw him and he could not miss this great thing! The second view was much better than the first one. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus, but I recommend that you do it or if you have hired and hated Demonicus, give it another chance because another viewing will change your mind. If you've seen a copy of Hollivood Video for the price I received for it, do not forward it to me as it is a lot! Demonicus is a very different but fun movie. Believe it or not as you are looking at an interactive video game without playing, there is a very low budget and actors that I'm sure no one is aware of. We started with the video game. I mean a movie with some guy and a woman in Italy, and there's a cave that looks like a tunnel for a railroad / railroad and says you do not go there and what the Normal Things do! He enters there and finds many gladiatorial artifacts and armor and almost perfectly preserved body of the legendary gladiator named Tiranno! Where did the chair come from that Tirannous sat and how his body was so good and where the kettle was So every cave is complete with Caultron Pot? Tiranon wore his armor, a helmet, and had a weapon or two. He makes the dumbest thing a person can do, put a helmet and take it from Tirannous! From there he goes and kills all the campers nearby to get the true Tirannous. Now, I said before it was a video game. It's hard to explain, but it looks like it is. Music sounds even as video games. The acting is really terrible. Actors say things like why it works, oh, he was already crazy and nice, because he's crazy, I'm going home! a man runs and tries to find his girlfriend in the night and is still running in the day he is still searching for a break! This movie has some mistakes, but it's not classic as a Werewolf, but it's fun if you love movies that are prone to mistakes, and then look better at Demonicus!
