Scenarist / Director Henri Bromel did a great job with his 2000 film "Panic", and this includes his choice of actors: Villiam H. Maci, Traci Ullman, John Ritter, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland, Barbara Bain, David Dorfman. Bromel put Ullman and Ritter in extremely non-funny roles, and the unusual role is a welcome change in relation to what we usually see. "Panic" is a story about the killer, Alec (Macie) who actually works for his father (Sutherland). He covers his true profession by working with mail; in all likelihood, he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are typical suburban families. Dissatisfied with his life, Alek seeks help from a psychiatrist (Ritter), speaking only to his mother (Bain). In the waiting room she meets a young woman (Campbell) who immediately attracts her, which further complicates his situation. His mother breaks his promise and tells the father of a psychiatrist. When Alek receives his next task, he discovers that he will kill his psychiatrist. This is a profound story of a gentle, good man who is killed by the monster of his father, with his mother's knowledge, who kills in order to please his father, but he can not stand up and give up. His anger was so deeply embedded that he lost emotional attachment to everything and everything except for his son - and finally his son woke him from almost life-long repression. When it comes time for panic to move, it - fast. "Panic" does not seem panicky at all. In fact, it moves very slowly. But she slowly moves not because she is badly made - slowness is intentional, reflecting Alek's own psyche who is slowly getting out of the fog. Bringing a decision on Sari, the character of Campbell, and seeing his seal, his psychiatrist, as a living, weary man, Alex begins to establish relationships between what he is doing and who is - and how they do not live. The difference between these two could lead to the loss of another psyche, Sammy's. Villiam Macchi gives another great performance, like a loving father, a distant husband and a cold killer, a child of two monsters who never care for their feelings or desires, a man who finally realizes that he must climb up plates or to repeat the cycle. in cinema. It's too adult, too small, subtle, too characteristic and too good.
