It's always sad when most movie viewers get into "fringe" movies like this one. "Panic" is a miraculously striking and touchy study of the character that feels trapped in a meaningless one's own life. Villiam H. Macchi, like Alek, is as convincing as ever. It seems that this fine actor has a special talent for pulling your heart, no matter how his characters are wrong; maybe we will not always approve the lifestyles of the protagonists he plays, but the emotions of fear and confusion he invokes in us are often too painfully familiar. The title, "Panic", initially seems paradoxical, given the lack of open emotions. At one point, Alek tells his doctor that he is rarely angry. However, as this story unfolds, it becomes more and more obvious that anger and despair, not indifference, are the driving force behind the existence of this man. I repeatedly recalled his performance in "Farg". another movie with strong characters. And in "Fargo" and "Panic" we witness a middle-aged man who somehow emerged from synchronization with the rest of his life. He lost his way, and the only way back, he seems to be dark. He knows that he makes bad choices, but despair overcomes self-control and common sense. Alec connects with Sarah, a 23-year-old woman (unusually playing Neve Campbell), which the doctor's office meets. Thematically, this union is less coincidence, more work of destiny. Alek finds some comfort with Sarom, feeling perhaps that a companion, like him, someone who has lost his way and is floating pointlessly through the rest of his life, helplessly waiting for his inescapable conclusion. A decision for films like this is a cunning and convincing way for Neve Campbell to answer those critics who question her acting skills. Often the characters that played that one are weakness, offering Campbell the depth in which the muscles that work are bending. However, this performance can be an opener for many. In the perfect film world, not only will there be many more movies like "Panic", but they will also reach them. much wider audience. If you watch movies for the richness and depth of characterization, and not just for the latest top special effects, then "Panic" is unquestionable for you. A +.
