The effects of work-related stress and pressure arising from the moral dilemma that conscience confronts the family business's (though unique) obligations have led to the head - or perhaps the catalyst - of the middle-aged crisis, studied in the dark and absorbing drama "Panic", written by and directed by Henri Bromell, starring Villiam H. Macie and Donald Sutherland. This is a clear view of how indecision and denial can lead to internal struggles and misery which ultimately lead to apathy and the moment of truth when the conflict must finally be resolved if necessary. Alec (Alec) Maci) is tired; has a beloved wife, Marta (Tracei Ullman), an early six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a business that sends out from the post office, and his main source of income, "family" mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is empty; The years that dealt with this trade left him stiff and separate, putting him in a mental state that made him see the psychologist, Dr. John Ritter. And in order to make things worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), in the waiting room of Dr. Parks, he introduces a young woman, Sarah Cassidi (Neve Campbell), whose presence just makes her feel alive for the first time since she can remember. She quickly became another brick in the wall of moral conflict that he had visited, because in the days following their encounter, he simply could not stop thinking about her. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation" - she seems unable to successfully eradicate herself without hurting those she loves. He can deny his age and the fact that he really got into a real middle-aged crisis, but he will discover that the problems he faces will not simply go away. He is at the crossroads, and he will have to decide which way. And it will have to do it soon. From a concept that is fundamentally interesting, Bromell has devised an exciting character study that is discerning and sharp, and is a way of allowing reflection moments that allow the audience to empathize and understand what Alek is going through. He makes it clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity that lies in life and, moreover, within any family unit. The film harshly implies that the sins of a father are irreversibly transmitted to the offspring, with irrevocable consequences and effects. When you grow up, you accept your personal environment as a world whole; and it is often years of adulthood that you can begin to understand and understand that there are actually moral parameters that are determined by each individual walking around the planet, and that those who have set up a father may not be suitable for the principles of a son. And at that moment, Alex is as the story unfolds; ergo, a middle-aged crisis, or, more precisely, a crisis of conscience from which he can not escape. It is a powerful message that Bromell conveys subtly and subtly with the help of some extraordinary performances by his actors. For some time, Villiam H. Macchi was one of the premier actors in the business. , creating such diverse characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in Magnolia, Soper in 'Mysterious Men' and Jerry Lundegaard in 'Fargus'. And this is just a sample of his many accomplishments. At one point in this film, Sara mentions Alex's "sad eyes", and this is a very striking comment because in it lies the power of Macy's performance here, his ability to convey very real emotions in an understated, convincing way that expresses all the inner unrest that he experiences . Consider the scene in which he is awake in bed, staring into the darkness; in this once turbulent moment it is clear that he is struggling not only with his current situation, but with everything in his life, which ultimately led him to this point. In this scene, you find the sum of the lives of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, which have been successfully suppressed so far; all things that have always been at the heart of Alex's life are only gradually breaking through his defense mechanisms and finally appearing, demanding confrontation and resolution. It is a complex character that Maci created and delivered with absolute precision and makes Alek truly unforgettable. It's a character who will be able to relate to anyone who has ever faced a situation of seemingly insurmountable chances. It's a great work of one of the best actors around. Sutherland is also extremely efficient; his Michael is ruthlessly ruined in a way that is so real that he is cold. It's actually scary to consider that there are people who actually go to the ground. This is not some fiction of the pulp or criminal of the James Bond, but a true personification of evil, hiding behind an outward look that is so normal that he could be a guy from the neighborhood, which makes him even more worrying. And Sutherland brings all this brilliant, with great performance. Neve Campbell looks like Sarah, but her performance (as usual with her) looks a bit pretentious, although her appearance here simply fits the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If only from time to time it turns its energies inward, it would make a huge difference in the way it represents its characters. "Panic" is one of its greatest efforts; a powerful movie that is at the end of a journey that is worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
