Why Panic never got a good theatrical release is easy to see: she is too smart and the audience might have had a hard time with her, comparing her with American beauty in her middle-aged middle-aged research, and Sopranos and analyzing this in her study of an illegal departure amidst a family of life. Although Panic appears to originate from non-original material, Brommel's natural characters, together with a skillful dialogue and observation direction, make the film a realistic view of the rejection of a middle-aged man. , a killer who works for her father's job (Sutherland). He leads a double life, with his wife (Ullman) and his unconscious real shop. In his middle age, he is becoming more and more horrified by what he has done all his life. Under his calm, collected façade, he has a repressed outrage over the control of his father about his life. When she meets a young woman (Campbell) she feels moved and decides that it's time to leave a family job. The fact that writer / director Henri Brommel has decided to show this job to his main character away from killing the contract is one-off. He could easily be replaced by an undesirable profession; His characters are so well developed and credible, scenes that are handled so smoothly and realistically, and the dialogue is written so strikingly and naturally that the focus falls on Macy's conflict character rather than on his job as a killer. Bromel's script feels like a shakespearean tragedy, with a definite theme of destiny that takes place in its entirety. could expect. Donald Sutherland is also effectively abrasive and offensive as his father-in-law, and Ullman's dramatic reversal as Macy's wife is a welcome change for the comedian. Consider the scene in the bicycle store, where her mood subtly darkens and peaks in the scene of emotional confusion. With first-class actors, an acceptable script, a brief dialogue and a nice direction, this character study is, hopefully, only the taste of Brommel's ability to create characters that look real. 8 of 10
