First, this was not a three-hour movie - Two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked the commercials were not really part of the movie! Perhaps, however, there should be two floors for a total of about 3 hours? Yes, he would get even more, he was able to explore some more emotions. All in all, however, it was an interesting view of the lives of Luci and Desi. From time to time I watch how I love Luke and I love her, but I never read or watched a biography, I never knew anything about their lives outside of the screen. Because of this film I'm working now, but I'm not sure it's a good thing. No one needed to know everything here. It was basically a movie that should not have been made. But this is done, and the reason is that Luci & Desi are still such huge stars and certain people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know everything about our TV and movie stars. It's definitely so untrue and very, very sad. In any case, what was shown here at Port was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - is not very big. And the switch from Madeline Winter to Rachel Iork ... uhhh, like Luke had a plastic surgery and suddenly is a brand new person !? That was not too big. But the story continued and focused on the rocky connection between Luci & Desi. No, the children were not even shown at all, and this was not necessarily the lack of this film, because as I said, it was mostly focused on the Port & Desi. If there was more time, that the story was more about Lucy's whole life, maybe the kids would be there more. But they were not so briefly seen by Gable & Lombard, Red Skeleton and Buster Keaton. Wow, that's one thing in this story that I thought was really cool: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. It's really neat and bad that it's not explored anymore. Oh well. What was explored was done well, mainly. Frankly, I think I will never watch this again and I think this film will not be so unforgettable. For someone who's digging Love Love, but not a huge lover of Lucille Ball, this should be an interesting watch. My rating for this: B
