Last Christmas, I was lucky to receive one of 1200 Ultimate Bourne boked sets from my Better Half, but I postpone watching the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given how recent trilogy came across the final line, instead of triumphantly pacing through it, I was a little cautious when approaching "The Bourne Ultimatum," but I really did not have to worry. Electric action sequences and bruise bruises are effortlessly mixed with intelligent stories to make this one of the best action trillers that I remember seeing the sublime end of a great series. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak on Blackbriar Operation - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - a journalist named Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in the Guardian. Determined to discover more about their half-remembered past, Bourne again takes the lead, but others in the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vatten (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is leaking and starting to look for a rebel with a renewed strength. Can Bourne finally find the answers he asked or will his old employers keep silent for ever? Personally, I felt a bit disappointed with the "The Bourne Supremacy" because it discarded the recognizable realization of my action scenes and focused on being a real spy film. Not to say that he completely lost it, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it seemed more like a slow slow-burning novel, not an action thriller. There is no such concern - every car crash, blow, shot and firefighting is heard and feels with astonishing enthusiasm, but fortunately, it still retains a beautifully intelligent and attractive spy story based on action. It also brilliantly connects the two earlier films, providing a convenient bookling trilogy because things are explained and expanded until a full picture is discovered. The performances are almost flawless - even Julia Stiles starts to offer something more than a book of reddish sweets. The only real drawback is that this, like other Bourne films, has little to do with the original novel, but if you're not a hard-core Ludlum fan, that's not exactly the reason you do not like a movie like this movie. The highest caliber. Nothing loves me more than a movie that pleases me pleasantly and despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a shot that is filled with enough bone to satisfy the flesh of the Head, as well as a complication that never threatens to It leaves you for a moment. Even on the final reel, you're never completely sure whether a happy ending is secure, but whether you're a fan of a series or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is a movie you really need to follow. as soon as possible. No wonder that this series made Bond filmmakers throw out forty years of film history to start again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and made Bond films that resemble Austin Povers compared to "Casino Roiale" did not give the Bond series a reboot that was desperately needed. Lack of Jason Bourne's films is a crime worthy of exposing - go and get yourself a copy of a DVD. But not the Ultimate Bourne collection - a limited edition, I'm scared!
