Bourne Ultimatum is the third and final trip for super-spy Jason Bourne, a man who wants to kill the people who killed him. Bourne's series is one of the most prominent critics of trilogy (Ultimatum has 85/100 on metacritic.com, which means it is a "universal recognition") and for good reason - the fight is choreographed very well and a deep story can be very astounding. First, I advise you to watch The Bourne Identity and the Bourne Supremacs, two fantastic Signs for Ultimatum, there may be three different films, but in reality they are all a continuation: the missing leaves you stranded and confused , just like me. You will still be able to enjoy the action and fight Ultimatum scenes if you missed the first two, but then the story will definitely lead to some confusion. If you were lucky enough to look at the predecessors of this film, you probably had the honor of watching Bourne to knock down your enemies and find the man who screwed him up from the Supremacy. Damon, Damon does nothing to earn an Oscar, his work here is good enough to hold him. Bourne's adventures take place in many different cities; cities are versatile enough that sometimes the film is not mild. The agency that follows Bourne uses every technological tool known to mankind to find it. I will not go into details about the characters because they are the sequels from the first two films. However, it would not hurt the film to release several things to the audience - not every viewer is a stubborn viewer of movies that can pick up every little hint of story development. Ultimatum would not have been hurt at all if the story was a bit more in advance. It seems that most people agree that Ultimatum was a successful film: the film is open for $ 69 million, and - the total number of tapes now stands at $ 216 million and is currently very powerful for the film that is in cinemas since 3 August. It's the best action movie I've seen from Live Free or Die Hard. Good) Damon is a solid, but not spectacular, very clever movie. Poor) The story is like many others
