Dramatic license - some hate it, although it is necessary to persuade any life story. In the case of "Luci", the main points of teenage years of Lucille Ball, early career and twenty-year marriage with Desi Arnaz are all included, although in a shortened and refined way. The main emotional points of Lucy's life are clear: Lucille's struggle to find her niche as an actress, finally flourishes in a brilliant comedian whose character is Luci Ricardo's legend; her buran, a romantic and extremely impossible marriage with Desi Arnaz; Luci & Desi create the first television empire and forever secure their place in history as the most striking sitcom couple for TV. As Lucille Ball, Rachel York works praiseworthly. Do not expect to see the same miraculous transformation as Judy Davis made when she played Judy Garland, but York makes the Ball a strong will, but she's cute, and very funny in her own right. Although her comedy is different from Lucina, she remains persuasive. The film never comes into details about her perfectionist behavior on filming and her harassment of Vivian Vance during the early years of "I Love Luke," but watching Portrait Luka's portraits private involvement is private. Daniel Pino is thinner and less charismatic than Real Desi, but he has his charm and performs a generally decent job with Desi's emphasis, especially on the opening scene. Madeline Winter was decent, if not too memorable, like a teenage girl. Vivian Vance and Villiam Fravley were not presented much, fortunately, since Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Nevman were not very convincing in the roles. Not that they themselves are not good actors, they simply were not so suitable for the people they played. Most actors are from Austria and New Zealand, and suppressed accents can sometimes be detected. Although the main structure of the film holds historical facts, there are many deviations, some for seemingly unexplainable reasons. . Jess Oppenheimer, lead author Lucina's "My Favorite Spouse" show, which began in 1948, was featured in this film as a coming on stage to help "I Love Luci" in 1951, completely ignoring the fact that he was the main creator! The film also shows Mark Daniels as the main "I Love Luci" director throughout the cycle, completely ignoring the fact that Villiam Asher has been replaced by him after the first season! Likewise, although I think that this was due to budget constraints, it turned out that Ricardo lived in the same apartment for their entire stay in New York, when they actually changed apartments in 1953. and the original. The house in Connecticut looks pretty close to the original, except that the right and left sides of the house are thickened and restructured. Desi also talks about the purchase of RKO in 1953, during Luci's incident with red fear, although RKO did not come to market until 1957. I'm working on conveying the main facts, but would it hurt to show a little more respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two vital figures in the history of "I Love Luke"? The biggest gaf comes to "I Love Luci" recreational scenes, at least a few of them. It's always risky to recreate something that was filmed in the movie and seen by billions of people, but even more when DANGEROUS CHANGES are made. The scene with a huge bread loaf was shortened, and anyone who was familiar with that episode would immediately notice the difference! The number of "We have a baby" is also shortened, but apart from being virtually dead. Far down the best was the scene with "grapes", with Rachel Iork that really banged Lucine manners. Manufacturers have made a wise decision not to try to directly reconstruct "Vitametavegamine" and factory candy parts, instead of showing actors to practice them. These scenes proved to be effective for this approach. The main guilt of the film is that the presumption of the audience already knows much about Lucy's life, because much is overstated or omitted. All in all, however, it gives a decent portrait of Luci & Desi marriage, and factual errors can be ignored when character development functions effectively.
