Now she has a name, an identity, some memory and a lost girl. All he wanted was to disappear, but nevertheless they followed him and destroyed the world that he barely built. Now he wants an explanation, and in order to drown people out of becoming what he is. Yes, Jason Bourne is back, and this time, he's here with revenge. OK, this film does not have the most developed scenario in the world, but its theme is very smart and ask some serious questions about our society. Of course, like every Hollywood movie since the late '90s, "The Bourne Supremates" is a story of super-heroes. Jason Born is a Captain-American project, which is completely wrong. In the first film, the hero discovered his skills and accepted them in the other. Now he is fighting against what he considers to be an evil, after the one close to him is killed (his girlfriend in the "Supremacy"). It's all part of the superhero story, including a character with (real but still impressive: almost unbelievable) super power. It is interesting that the evil that is struggling all over the world (in Bourne's films there are no borders, the characters move from one continent to the other in blink of an eye), as in the best seasons "24", the American an enemy, who believes that he is fighting for good, his country completely blinds him. It's funny how "crazy patriots" are now enemies of paramilitary Hollywood stories. In addition to all these interesting topics, the film is not impeccable: the female character Nickie Parson is completely useless at the moment and the direction is quite unoriginal when it comes to dialect scenes. But all this does not matter, because "The Bourne Ultimatum" is an action movie. And the action scenes are pretty impressive. Everyone here speaks of "Waterloo Scene" and "Tangier Quest" and everyone is entitled. I especially enjoyed the fight in Tanger, which reminds me of the works of Tsui Harka in exaggeration and insanity. Visually inventive scenes, lots of intelligent action parts and a good reflection of American contemporary themes: "The Bourne Ultimatum" is definitely the best movie series and a very interesting and original movie movie.
