I also looked at Bourne's identity and Bourne Supremacy on a DVD before I saw it in the theater. I waited that before they started recording. I was not disappointed. Smaller spoilers below - All in all, it was good, but there was not even the continuity of the first two. Both identity and supremacy moved gracefully between adrenaline action and introspective drama. This film intermittently interrupted. The fallen time of building the plot was somewhat exhausted. This caused the next action to feel too frenetic. Camera: When we are already at frenetic, the trademark Greengrass Climber Camera was present and very annoyed me. I know that he was talking about it, but that does not mean that it is not relevant. All martial arts training that the actors had passed was completely lost. Funny cuts and camera movements have destroyed most of the fight in the movie. It's a cheap, student trick to make the movie upset. I expect these techniques to be used in some terrible film made for high school students, but not in this class, adult action series. Too extreme close-up plan. Do something framing. Get interesting recordings. Continuous close-up looks like lazy access to the menu. Story: The story was very confusing. They are leaving you new names and faces. He gave me the feeling you got when you come to the movie late and you know that you missed some key information. Felt hurried or compressed for weather reasons. However, once you get caught, the story is pretty good. It's a nice track with Bourne. Still, I did not care for the whole scene of the Supremacy (Landi / Bourne on the phone) that was at the center of Ultimatum. This essentially makes the film a half-pre-school. I thought it was awkward. Actors / Characters: Star of the movie is action. Obviously only two originals remained. Bourne and Nicki Parsons. Their association was a bit strange to me. I think they just wanted to give Bourne someone to protect and to trust him. Unless I've missed something, they never even tell you why they've teamed up. The other killers in the movie were pretty quiet. This seemed to be Gilroi / Greengrass / whoever does not want to leave the open ends. Understandable, but disappointing. Seriously, Damon with Clive Owen of Identity and Marton Csokas in Supremac .. These scenes were phenomenal. These killers are uninteresting as Castel (the first Bourne's fighter in Identity). Actors are generally degraded as the series continues. Clive Owen was practically just a thought. It's a measure of strength for that first actor. Others basically traded with Chris Cooper for Joan Allen .... Not exactly equal. This trades with Brian Coke and Frank Potten for three actors who will be named later. Nothing against David Strathairn, Scott Glenn or Alberta Finneia, but these are not the first names to come up with for this kind of series. Apart from a few breaks that seemed long, the acting was right. Overall, he was successful. I felt like they wanted the series to end. If they had shortened or rearranged slower parts, eliminated Scott Glenn completely, zoomed in and removed the camera from the victim, it would be perfect. FINISHING SPOILERS <br /> I do not see why in the end they leave Bourne alive. That was my conclusion. They clearly called for the very beginning of the series with his silhouette which floated motionlessly. I thought it would be that. Completion type of full circle. Still, I liked Nicki responding to the news report. SPECIFICATION SPOILER WARNING - Quotation from the film below - Bourne's last line at the end "Look at this .. Look what they are trying to give you." quoting the first killer he killed, I loved it. The final scene was great. (Apart from being a Vosen (Strathairn) who shot at Bourne, why would he do it? Just for revenge? If he was angry enough to kill, why not shoot at Pamela Landa after sending his secret file? .)
