The Bourne Ultimatum - Jason Bourne (Matt Damon in his best role ever), the latest spy kid in the block, completes his search for his identity while trying to end the CIA's latest Blackbriar program to make super killers I was so excited about this which I watched his predecessors yesterday. The identity was as brilliant as I remember, and the Supremac remains a weak (but still pleasant) link in the chain for the weakest plot and, apart from the automobile pursuit of this film, it is easily missing in action and uncertainty. Hoo boys, whether Ultimatum has uncertainty! Even when you know that Bourne will escape from power (and the boy these films illuminate the police as incompetent), it's still great to watch him do it. It's astonishing to think that two guys with pistols and mopeds can create 10k more uncertainty than anything 150 million giant robots have made in Transformers. Prepare it by Paul Greengrass, who has this idiosyncratic style. shooting a documentary, even though he is shooting characters that are far from ordinary, in places like the CIA headquarters, where no one in the 10-mile range would allow the camcorder. It seemed to listen to my various complaints with Supremacy, because the action in Ultimatum is nothing less than awe, with various weapons used as a candlestick, a book with hard covers (I will never look at them the same way again) and an electric fan (Do not ask ). Music also helped to create a lot of uncertainty, and there was hardly a moment for not biting. The act is good, and the evolution of the character of Julia Stiles "Nicki" put her situation in a new highly sympathetic light. Damon plays his part with the reserve, but the competence (which sounds less, but it really looks like Matt Damon could escape the CIA and Interpol is something), but noticeable moments while still struggling to find his humanity. His longing for real life might have been boring, and almost done it in Supremac, but he only works better in Ultimatum (a better scenario). I recall the scene in Goldeneie (the only good Pierce Brosnan Bond film) in which Sean Bean's character asks James if the martyrs ever silence the screams of all the men he killed. Bourne regrets all the people he has killed, and considers (or at least led me to think) the meaning of action without purpose, life without meaning, and how the government transformed people into resources. Although, resources that know Krav Maga and can make weapons from anything. Sidenote: I have always been bothered by the fact that, although it is superspigh and hunting the CIA, Interpol and the police, it is almost nonexistent that Bourne never even thought of making even the slightest attempt to conceal his drawings or forge some new passports. Maybe sunglasses? If you have pulse and love action movies, then Bourne Ultimatum is for you. Hell, this is probably the best action movie to come out this year. Of course, you would be a fool to see him, not to look at others first. In a way, it pulls a touch close to the end, but I almost feel tempted to overlook it. This is the first "3" movie this summer to suit at least, if not exceed, the original and it says something. A-
