First and foremost, speaking as no fan of this genre, "The Bourne Ultimatum" is a fantastic, virtuoso, top-notch action movie. Second, it's stupid malaria in cartoon super heroic things. Third, the film carries a complex, important point, that fighters criminals turn into criminals. There is no mention of Abu Ghraib or unrestrained domestic attacks by executive branches on constitutional rights, neither is one needed. So the latest in the "Bourne" series, in the hands of Paul Greengrass (since 2004 "Bourne Supremaci" and last year's "United 93"), is a significant achievement, perhaps restrained, but not diminished by unavoidable excesses this genre. The "Breathtaking" above also meant a welcoming adjective and a description of the physical feeling: more than an hour from the first frame, the viewer seems to hold his breath, pushing back to the chair with the power of merciless, globe-tickling, extreme tension . There is no break, there are no variations in the rhythm and withdrawal of the film, and yet it never becomes monotonous and tedious, as some related music videos do in just a few minutes. Oliver Vood's Cinematography on the face makes the best of the Tony Gilroy script from Robert Ludlow's 1990 novel (which disagrees with the "Bourne Identity" written over a decade earlier). Matt Damon is once again an inevitable, irreplaceable Bourne, the most deadly CIA agents, this time taking over the entire agency in search of his identity, past and mysterious agency program that turned him into a killer machine. Nothing like his silent hero Edward R. Murrow, always awesome David Strathairn, is a boss of the top officials of the agency, who opposed Bourne in an attempt to hide some illegal policies and brutal actions. Joan Allen plays a good cop against Strathairn's bad guy. And here is Julia Stiles as an agent who comes back to Bourne's help; the combination of Greengrass's direction and Stiles's acting results in a surprising influence largely of the quiet character, the lack of communication and the empty expression of more intriguing than the miles of dialogue. It's so good "The Bourne Ultimatum" to pull off with the old "one-man-against-the-world" battle, this time extends to ridiculous excesses, as Bourne defies the constraints of geography, time, gravity .. and physics in general. (Can you fly backwards by car from the top of the building? Why not - it looks great.) All this "real" magic - jumps from earth to earth in seconds to arrive at an unknown location exactly as , when and how much is needed - outperforms the impossibility of special effects and superheroes. Yet, only the clueless pedant would allow "facts" to hinder the party-based ecstasy-based Bourne fantasy.
