I thought Rachel Iork was fantastic as "Luke". I saw her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", as in each of these plays she developed very different, and very real characterizations. She is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! I am very surprised how many negative reviews appear here in connection with Rachelin's performance in the "Port". Even some voluntary television and entertainment critics have missed the meaning of her presentation. Many people have been focusing on the fact that Rachel does not really look like a Port. My answer to this is: "So what?" I did not ask for superficial imitation of the Port. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave it to us, at a great depth. I also did not want to see someone simply "doing" the classic Luci routine. Because of that, I was very pleased with the decision by producers and directors that Rachel portrays Luci in a rehearsal for the most memorable of these sketches - Vitameatavegamine and The Candi Factori. (It seems that some of the reviewers did not realize that these two scenes were conceived as sequences of sequences, not real sketches). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative turning point with sketches that many of us know by heart. I also thought Rachel was greatly fresh and funny in these scenes. And she absolutely harbored a routine that was re-created - Professor and Stomping Grapes, in particular. There was one moment on the Grape scene where the angle of the Rachel's mouth had a very slight rise that I remember Lucie. I could not believe she managed to catch that - and that's natural. I wonder if many of those who criticized the show were expecting to see Lucy's ball from "I Love Luke" through the entire movie. After all, those whom we met only on television would have no idea what Luke really had in her early film years. I think Rachel showed natural progress in a character that was brilliant. She planted all true seeds to see a clown who is just waiting to appear, given the right circumstances. Luci did not fit into the old system of studies. In her frustrated attempts to become a stereotypical film star of that time, she constantly pushed back what would be her ultimate gift. I believe that Rachel skillfully captured comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexiness, self absorption, childhood and stoicism have all turned into a complex American icon. And she did it with authenticity and freshness that was completely dear. "Luci" was a star for Rachel Iork. I hope that in the future it will bring floods of big roles. I also hope she will bring Emi to her.
