When Bourne's identity arrived five years ago, I must admit that I did not think much about it. At the time I was eleven years old, maybe I was too young to really get into the story and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when Bourne Supremaci arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but I did not think it was as good as I expected to be judged by the trailers. Over the past two years, I've been told many times that Bourne's films are incredible, I had to bite my tongue many times and not to say what I really thought about the movies. Until two months ago I could not worry about Bourne Ultimatum, I really did not intend to watch it. But then I decided to return and look again at the first two before I came to any sudden decisions. That's why I came out and bought both original movies. And what a surprise to me was when I caught them. Identity I found a superior of two, but the Supremacs are not far behind. They are slippery, action and exciting parts of the movie that I've watched many times since I bought them. Because of that, today I was the first to see Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in Bourne's films, I saw him in the Talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought a lot about him at all. However, it seems that he was born to play Bourne (forgive the dots). Through this series we saw how the character is changing in front of our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than he was at The Departed, and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really find yourself worrying about the character and hope to find out everything. Matt Damon plays a role with a quiet intensity and it always seems his character is extremely convincing. The complete performance of the film was also absolutely remarkable. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in the Bourne Supremacy, here she stands out. Her character is also very convincing and has some great moments to the end of the film. Julia Stiles reappears like Nicki and finally learn a little about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress and I think she deserves a lot more roles, decent roles than she gets. David Strathairn is a novice in this series like Noah Vosnes, he is definitely a bad guy in the film and he really stands out. He is definitely the worst character we've met, and some of the decisions he makes are really dreadful. Strathairn enjoys the role and he also gets some great scenes in the movie. Special mention must be made of Albert Finnei, who makes most of his short screen a short time, I will not say anything about the character, which is best left to surprise, but believe me his scenes are some of the highlights of the film. Bourne's films have always been strictly focused on the story more than on action sequences, which does not mean that the trilogy lacks action sequences, a good god does not have many of them interrupted in movies. But running through the movie is a very well-written and well-acting story. This story ends in the best possible way in this movie. As I watched Supremacs the night before I saw Ultimatum, it was nice because I noticed certain parts. This ultimate scene in Supremacy, in New York City, is much more important than the one I've ever imagined. I will not spoil it for people, but I recommend that we check the Supremes before you see the Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for many people they will go to see Ultimatum exclusively for action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say that they should see it for a story, but I would lie if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series are in general a car race. The car's mini-car in Identity is one of my favorite automobile drives of all time. The Ultimatum action must be the best in the Bourne series. In fact, the film starts with a series of actions in Moscow. So, during the duration of the film, we get numerous hits, all very violent and shocking brutal ones. A bicycle race that's absolutely incredible, many hits for feet that are even more amazing, an exciting car drive that is unforgettable, and much more! But the peak for me must be a scene at Waterloo Station, I will not ruin it, but for some reason it has caught me. So, any defects for the movie? Not in my eyes, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, I would not recommend Ultimatum to you. The movie does not try to win new fans because it keeps what the franchise does best and only adds more stories and action sequences to the top. Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best in the series and the best blockbuster 2007. As a fan of James Bond, it is a great honor to say that Ultimatum is much better than most Bond movies and believe me it takes a lot to say. Although Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it's definitely almost the same.
