I've never been so excited to say that most action movies just do not do anything for me. In most cases they are obvious vehicles to blow themselves up, show sexy models and cast off any kind of reality or intelligence through the window. In these words, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman introduced a new action using more cinema verities of style, showing full-power struggles and making our super spy one can connect with someone emotional as well as human. It was not a ss-fi absurd that was Bond (before they made a repair in the style of this series). There was much concern for Bourne Supremaci coming out. With the takeover of director Paul Greengrass, what could have been an original copy of the original eventually meant improving the style and meaning. The stakes were raised and the story was reinforced for that. Greengrass should be given enough credit for being able to continue with the latest sequel, The Bourne Ultimatum. In the incredible conclusion of the top trilogy, the action is brought to a new level and the story and performance are never compromised. Once again, Bourne has been brought to the CIA's mind by false pretenses. Someone leaked information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar, and when Bourne is in an attempt to talk to a journalist who broke up the story, he is assumed to be a mole. Only Pamela Landi, the one who was in case of finding him in the Supreme, knows that he can not be that. Bourne's motive has always been to keep himself from the government and to live his life in peace. The CIA is constantly returning it openly to scare them. What ultimately ends up is that Bourne wants to know the source in order to finally find out the truth about who he is and what made him a killer. The film then becomes a chuck against time and one another to find the source and see if the government can close the violation and take away all the borders, or if Bourne can avenge himself on those who have taken his life away. In probably the simplest story from the series, with only one move that takes the whole story, it is probably the greatest role of characters and the reversal of loyalty to reveal the corruption that was behind the full story. This, however, is no harm, as it allows more fighting and search for cars that work in full context. Getting into this movie is worth fighting for an apartment, between Bourne and other CIA assets, alone. The quest that passes through the windows in Madrid is cool in itself, but when they finally meet, we will get ten minutes of struggle that is so refreshing to watch as any scene you will see. Likewise, instead of using a massive automotive potter as a climatic set like in the first two films, instead we get about three small road races, equally intense, but spaced enough to never convert the action into monotony. > After five years of waiting, we discover the origins of our favorite operative heart and feeling. By the end of the film, we will find out what is the cause of all the espionage and destruction that has occurred around him. Nobody could do it better than Matt Damon. He has a physical structure and attitude to be faithful in action sequences, but also a range to withdraw moments of intelligence and correspondence with cats and mice with those against him. Joan Allen repeats her role with the same dedication to her work, but also a bit more disappointment with what is happening around her after Bryan Cox's first two films took things into their own hands. He needs a role in that mold, and we have a good return from David Strathairn. Like Cock, he works at the top of the food chain and does not answer anyone when making a decision. With so many attempts to hide any ties to your Blackbriar bosses while trying to fulfill your duty to your country, you can never fully appreciate what it will be able to do. Even small guys do a great job, such as Paddy Considine as a reporter who begins a leak in the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and perhaps the key to his origins, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA operatives. to carry out Bourne. Ramirez is a great addition to the role played by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacs). He does not say much, if at all, but he has the look and robotic efficiency downhill and we hope he will get more roles to show what he can do after a nice turn to Domino. In the end, Paul Greengrass has to applaud to continue to exceed expectations and to make a conclusion based on the success of his predecessors, not to destroy them. His hand-to-hand high-level skill is stunning and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without completely reducing the incidence of attacks. Instead of feeling overly productive, using it handheld improves the environment and puts you directly into action. Crediting Oliver Vood, who recorded all three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and to do his style in good harmony with them.
