Jason Born sits in a dusty room with blood on his hands, trying to figure out what he has just done. In the meantime, the head of the CIA in New York describes the agency's response to what just happened on the screen. The American flag proudly stands in the middle of his desk in the forefront of the cadre, but as he speaks, he slips out of focus until his plan moves into a morally suspicious territory, as if he does not want to be associated with a course of action that the government decides it is necessary in the interests of national security . This clip effectively captures the mood of the movie. Apart from displaying Bourne's attempt to find out how he became Jason Bourne, Ultimatum is also testing the human cost of the measures taken to protect us in the interests of stability and security. Probably the best movie you will see in the cinema this year. It's so intense. Bourne says Simon Rossu (Considine): "This is not a news story, this is real," and you almost believe in the audience. The camera shakes, but remains stable enough to see everything and you feel as if you are there with Bourne while trying to avoid your pursuers, and the performances are so good that these guys seem like the characters they show, instead of being just actors who perform well-written roles. Action scenes are so brutally quick and well-choreographed that they look instinctively instead of the planned to the tiniest movement; stunt work is nothing more than incredible. Pacing is incredible. He constantly drives his conclusion, but not so quickly leaves you struggling to put together a plot; the script delivers the information you need as fast and clear as possible before we move to the next set of actions. Though they are often simple (the Waterloo sequence is essentially just a man on the phone looking at a man on the phone), they are accused of such a dramatic intensity that you can not take their eyes off them. The film is so focused on the power that you can not help shaking it. With its intense action sets, brilliant pace of stories and intelligent examination of decisions made in the name of national security, the Bourne series is the one that exactly captures the ambiguity of our era. Ultimatum is its peak.
