This was essentially an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman" that was done with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those who missed it (and the shame!), "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (full name: "The survival of the Gilligan Islands: the incredibly true story of the longest three hours in history") was special from a few years ago, Bob Denver (" Gilligan "), Dawn Vells (" Mari Ann ") and Russell Johnson (" Professor ") linked the story of creation, cancellation, re-discovery and re-birth. By the way, the stories are dramatized with actors who show the original composition and the team. That was very good. It was ridiculous, well-thrown and came across as a real emission document. "Return to Batcave: Adama and Burt Accidents" is in a similar style. Repeat the history of the performance, the revival, the general feeling are all the same. What's missing is a simple approach that "Surviving" took. In the "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward receive invitations for a car fair that they should not have been invited to. After allowing him to stay, Adam and Burt witnessed the theft of the central part of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to hunt themselves, leading them through the tracks that make them think about the history of the show. This eventually leads to the discovery of who stole Batmobile and why. By choosing this idea (which actually has a plot), the biggest disappointment is this performance. Unlike "Survival", "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting story (theft of Batmobile) instead of focusing all your attention on what the audience would be most interested in (the history of the show). history sections that work best. Casting (as in "Surviving") is great. Jack Brever ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Vard") grasp the sense of the actors without looking too much. Bret Ricky ("Frank Gorshin") has a greater resemblance to his theme, but does not conquer any charm of Gorshine, only its characteristics. Portraits of other actors are short and functional, and none of them is particularly good or bad. Many stories are already told, but mostly play fun, only occasionally awkward. Another wonderful part of the historical section was the use of an audition for recording Lyle Wagoner for a part of Batman. The only place where memories fail is when they plot obviously plots to improve the main story. This reduces the accuracy of flashbacks unnecessarily. The "main plot" (if that's what we need to call) is, of course, pointless. In fact, this is not a mistake by itself, but it just does not go well enough to hide the shortage. Powerful performance and good writing can make up for a stupid plot (especially in these things), but we really do not get one, here. The performances of Vesta and Varda look a bit flat (even for them); The dialogue is too carefully written to make it feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in the fact that the dialogue is mostly there only to set a flashback. In "Survival," that's all it's about to be. In "Return" he tries to do a double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Nevmar are good (though I agree with others that Gorshin did not grow old and that Nevmar had - and what does Wagoner look like so well?), But they are not given enough to do. Again, I think it would be better for everyone to better represent themselves than the ones chosen here. Another weird point about the "Return". This special theme is about the "Batman" series and its history, but all the footage is from a theater film. Even Vagoner's footage is a technical film. If you know that you are a "Bat-histori", then you know that the movie was originally planned to be the first, just to be postponed in favor of a TV show when CBS was supposed to fill the time quickly. When Vagoner and West tested the role, it was for the film, not for the TV show. Why "Return" only uses movie clips is unclear. Most likely, this relates to law issues, but this is a significant disturbance to those who know: Julie Nevmar's view of the present, but only the recording of Lee Merivether as Catwoman in the past. , I liked the show, mostly because of flashbacks. I would prefer the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they would like to have a more story-oriented piece on the topic. Besides, I love these people. It's nice to see them outside, and still have fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I wish they did a little better and still the original actor is still alive.
