There are many types of gatherings. One kind is when old actors get out of naphthalene and ask them to recreate characters that have not played for twenty or thirty years. This has different results. "Returning to Maibera", despite some stupidity, was fine; 'Back to the green caves' as disgusting (Eddie Albert used the word for a script I will not repeat here, but she and the smell of the movie); "Rescue from Gilligan's Island" filled the necessary void in the story of the shipwreckers, although the play itself was stupid even from the point of view of 'Gilligan's Island'. In most cases, the scripts are poor; Sometimes, in the scripts, is the nonsense that is too familiar? In comedy, it's almost fatal for characters to know they're funny. New characters are presented that do not fit into the mix. Basically, these shows are pretty weak. The second type of reunion show is the one in which actors put their past aside, but sit around, talking stories, recalling, intertwined with flashbacks from shows. Then there are also movies based on shows, which are rarely good; and movies based on the history of the show ("Brady Bunch" had both, with different results). `Return to Batcave 'uses almost all of the above, with a beautifully twisted view, which makes it the best at reunion shows, and has raised at least for the rest. Adam West and Burt Ward are invited to introduce the original Batmobile. While they were there, the car was stolen. Adam West from the movie is a man who is crazy. He called Jerry, his butler, 'Alfred'. She opens Shakespeare's bust in her apartment and reveals a hidden pillar to descend to the garage. He's obsessed with being a fighter for crime, and in fact he's just an actor cast out. When Batmobile is stolen, he not only believes that his duty as a war crimes fugitive is to regain it, but to pull and do not want Burt Vard as his assistant. about old days. They break up the 'flashbacks' with the actors who play West and Ward in the old days. Modern scenes and "flashbacks" have a frustrating lack of reality that is being maintained. There are moves that show that the West is capable of ridiculing: in Vard's book on his time on the show, he sincerely talked about West's libido and his skin (West makes Varda pay for everything in his quest, advice and bus ticket) . Their traces, the characters they meet (even in flashback) fit into the mentality of old series, and there are several homagies, including the first struggle with written sound effects. The whole thing is extremely funny and done with a great panache. There are also humor Julie Nevmar (she looks as if she had too many faces) and Frank Gorshine, reminding us of why such a cult is following. Gorshin will be Riddler when Jim Carey, his apparent successor, has long been forgotten. The film builds on a fairly obvious but ridiculous climax. This show is a model for gathering performances? Unfortunately, there are few who can fit the form. In this show, the actors played their old characters; young actors who make a film about the performance; Actors West and Ward are reminded; and a modern film with the real Adam West who plays foolish Adam Vesta. Has all. If you liked the old show, this is a bottle plug.
