That 70s broadcast is the best TV show ever, a period. It's up with the show Andi Griffen, Saturdai Night Live, and the Simpsons in my book. Sixty weeks continue for eight seasons, all focusing on a group of teenagers / young people who deal with relationships, separating themselves from their parents, and their overall future. Two main characters, Eric and Donna, are two teenagers living in the neighborhood. Most of their lives live in the neighborhood and are just beginning to feel more feelings for each other at the beginning of the first season. A great amount of play is about how their relationship works. Two other characters, Red and Kitty, are Eric's parents. Red was in service, so he really pushes Erica around. Kitty is just the opposite. Although he drinks hard, he treats Eric and his friends with much worry. Bob, their neighbor, is obviously Don's dad. Bob laughs with several different women through a rough story. Bob also nerves the Order to the end. The remaining character, Hide, Kelso, Fez and Jackie, are Eric's friends. They also play an important role in the story of the show. Well, the first season is great. Then the characters begin to feel new things for each other. The first season is original, fun and pleasant. The second season is good, although not good as the first. This is the basic extension of the First. Eric and Donna are together, and everything is great. The third season is my favorite. She went back and won the feeling of the first season and humor. I also think that chemistry of character has improved the bunch, which has shown that it's all fun to watch. The fourth season is not so good. Eric and Donna are not together in this, making the show less pleasant. It's still funny, although I did not enjoy it in comparison to previous seasons. The fifth season was past the season through which I enjoyed. It's a genius age, so it really helps in the story. The fifth season also had the best end of all seasons. Sixth season is generally good. It is extremely funny, although it does not reflect the feeling that the seasons have remained. The gang left the high school, so I believe it did not hit the teens feeling that they had worked the previous seasons. I also did not like the last three or four episodes since they had a great drama for them. I'm not doing it all the way. I enjoyed the Seventh Season as everyone else, and the ending is great. The past season has been exhausted. Eric was not in him, which destroyed him. Kelso was also not in it, which did not help. I hated the Eighth season until the last episode. I thought the last episode was really good, and that the series was over. So, if you enjoy comedy, give the 70s a try show. They stopped making new episodes, but they're still on television. I also recommend purchasing season 1-7. It's up to you to buy Season 8.
