Since when the Simpsons debuted, there were no sieves that I did not want to turn around in two minutes. Of course, it was said that the Simpsons killed a series. Still, this was not the first. The first season was so great that the teenagers were not as unheard of as they later became. They even went to school at times. In the coming seasons, he is the character who escaped. Eric, the sarcastic, Donna, his actress, Kelso, the dark bulb, Hide, the conspiracy theorist and the anti-rebellion punk, Fez, the pupil for the exchange of perverts and finally Jackie, spoiled rich floozy. As for the adult characters, there was Eric's mom, "can you believe that so ditty" suburban mom, Eric's dad, an arrow that, of course, was not such a heavy ass as it seemed, Donin's dumb daddy and her stupid blonde mum. All are loyal to their characters, but a special honor to Kurtwood Smith who finds the perfect balance between strength and still makes his Red Forman quite compassionate and does not return us with unexpected beauty. the main reason why this show is so good. This is a difficult character because it does not allow the actor to abandon wild behavior like Kelso, competently played Ashton Kutcher. I enjoyed seeing that the two characters are interacting because they are the most diverse. Heidi's character is a little harder to enjoy because he is more realistic and whether we really need to look at the story of the orphans by who knows which way, although I will say that the writers have come up with a great story for him in the last seasons. Jackie, played by the Famili Gui Mila Kunis artist, is hilarious and has nails on board type. voice, which actually corresponds to her character. The only sad part is that we have not seen more scenes with her and Eric because they were together ... confused. Too much of the story was spent on her problems in connection, because we already had it in peaks with Eric and Donna. Lastly, I would say that casting guest actors has always been great. A few favorites: Fez's humongous mid-season girlfriend, Pastor Dan, a totally incredible Leo starring Thomas Chong, another Fez's girlfriend who is a fully certified and special look of teenage witch Sabrina slutti catholic girl. It comes next to Foka, whatever.
