I did not like a lot of TV shows after 1990, but THA 70S SHOV is great. I never saw him during the first vote, thinking of the incredible period, I made a mistake! I started looking at the reprise and the more I watched, the more I loved it! Now, it's the only show I've been doing premiering since 1990, which I watch regularly. Although THAI 70S SHOW mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and taste of the 70's, it does not enrich itself in that decade, crossing over the references and looks of the 70s. It contains so much funny, witty, sharp dialogue that with confidence and certainty is delivered to its main actor to overcome all the clichés of the 70's just humorous. Humor is what shows that the show is forever visible. Although the hilarious series, regardless of the time period, the uniqueness of the mockery of the 70's has worked for its benefit, as it shows the shov on the identity of the signature. But the focus on universal issues (family problems, teenagers, marital problems, peer pressure), dealing with them with a comical applause, this gives the show a mass appeal. The center of the show is one of Eric Forman (played until absolute comic perfection by the future superstar Topher Grace). Erik is a super-skinny, weird, non-athletic teenager and still appears as super-cool because of Grace's brilliant self-confidence. Erik has 5 friends Donna, Hide, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played hilariously, Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Vilmer Valderama). We see life in Point Place, Visconsin through the eyes of these six teenagers and boys, do we have much to see! Donna, a feminist who is thinking ahead, is an object of Eric's affection, and these two have an essential connection with the show. They become a couple quite soon after the start of the show and they are NEVER a boring pair. Most of the eps's finishes end up with meaningful conversations about them and their future and work as a great insightful bookend, working as a perfect opponent to the previous joy. Hide is Eric's best friend and soon moves with Formanas when his mother leaves him; Hyde is cute, zen, cool from the group and just seated, watching and mocking his friends with nice friends. Kelso is stupid in the group and Kutcher plays the absolute handle, shows an incredible physical comedy and tells some of the absurdly funny ideas and stories ever! Jacky, who starts out as Kelso's girlfriend, is a verbose, complacent debut cheerleader, and is initially accepted only as part of the b / c group Kelsey, but she manages to reach the point where everyone has to accept. her! And finally, Fez! Fez is a student from an unknown country (we never know exactly where) and he is the thief of the scenes! "I said good afternoon!" "You, sine b! Tch!" The Valderama is only sporty here, because in reality there is none, and he is always in character and creates one of the unique characters I've ever seen. His moments for scene theft often help to show me. The emission keeps us constantly in the minds and minds of these characters through engaging fantasy scenes about how to love or imagine things to be. The band repeatedly gets into trouble (most deliberately). They are constantly playing puns on the Point Place residents, as well as with each other. They spend most of their time in Eric's basement, planning, pontificizing, or simply playing around. It is also in the visible place in the show Eric's parents, threatening, red and sulky, happy, happy and happy. -Go-Lucy Kitty (playing inevitably from Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the display a much needed mature point of view and constantly steal and advise 6 non-wells. Red and Kitty are backed by Donna's parents, a fairy-tale (beautifully played for Don Star's full ride) and the blue bimbo dildo Midge (super-sexy Tania Roberts, who was in the show for half way). In addition, for the 3 full season, Eric's sister from Hell Laurie (brilliantly acted by the evil sexy Farrah-Favcett Lily Robin Kelly) was a great refreshing relief to oppose the Shenanigans of the main 6 and to be thrilled in Eric and her parents. 'sides! Kelly returned as a guest in several seasons of 5 eps. But, unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led to her being replaced by a terrible new actress in season 6. Nevy did not pass, fortunately, and went after a few seasons 6 eps! Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and early in the eighth season, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never returned until the season 8 turned out to be the last. However, Grace and Kutcher returned to the finals of the series, but they gave the shovu a satisfying ending. Many great characters who support and comedy will help keep the shovel fresh through extra nostalgia and humor. The top players who supported were the ever-high Leo (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roi (great comedian Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also got legends Marion Ross (HAPPI DAIS) and Betty Vhite (THE MARI TILER MOORE SHOV) play mother Red and Kitty. Many celebrities from the 70s also appeared from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILI) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCI DREV) to Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! It continues and continues! With great nostalgic homage and references from the 70's, hilarious dialogue and delivery and meaningless, comedic narrative in the style of taking without prisoners, TAJ 70S SHOV is a television classic!
