Over the years, we have seen a lot of pointless stuff written by writers when the show had to continue, regardless of everything, retaining the "8 Simple Rules" after John Ritter died, but this is probably the first time I'm worried. The idea that the "70s show" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to conceal it by returning Leo and all the unpredictable stories, but it always felt as if you were bothered when you no longer have the protagonist. It simply did not connect, it was a bunch of unrelated things that happened in most cases was not even funny. The past season looked like the season was too much for every single character, simply because Eric used a lot of time on the screen, and now we were scattered in the face that the other characters were stagnant and repetitive. Focusing on the trick that Fez was totally uninteresting and the character would simply stop working, because the whole thing was to say something strange out of nowhere, and you can not say anything from nowhere when every other line is yours. They also brought a standard relative to Oliver, only this time it was not a kid. Whenever you hear someone knock on the door, you started praying that it was not Randy, please let it be not Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would do really terrible jokes, usually as the Red said, smiling like an ass and totally messy delivery and Donna would be in the seams. I think that more than half of last year was Donna pretending to be having fun. However, the problems began earlier: what was once a really great performance with an equally good concept that once was not about a dysfunctional family slowly entered the soap opera. Everyone started to fall in love with everything, emotional scenes were pulled into nausea, only one usually lingering joke placed somewhere to draw attention to watching "Like the world turns." I suppose it was character development, but it's written almost as clumsy as moral lessons from "Family Matters". To be fair, the last episode, also because she had a comedy of Topher Grace (comedy in his show), was really good, even if she was not so funny. By the way, however, more criticism in the eighth season: what the hell was the theme of the opening? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character who does not sing), Fez scared me. Man, do not open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons, therefore, are among the best comedies ever emitted.
