As the usual day starts at Point Place, Visconsin ... First of all, Red, the tired father of the Forman family and WWII veteran, sits at the kitchen table and reads his newspaper while His wife Kitty serves breakfast . Then their skinny son comes, Eric, he also sits at the table, and his father begins his daily cry, usually involves placing his leg in Eric's back, if (here insert the reason). If his promiscuous sister Laurie is face-to-face, she comes, then the Red stops to shout and kindly talk to her, making Eric feel left out of the family. Once this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric runs toward the basement, where all his friends are already hanging out. And when we see them, it becomes obvious that Eric and his girlfriend with redhead, neighbor and childhood friends Donna Pinciotti are the brightest people around. Meet Steven Hide, the conspiracy theorist who hates the disco and does not really care about what's nearby until it's funny to watch; Michael Kelso, the type of man who thinks he will go through his life only with his appearance and carrots grow on trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who thinks of herself as the most beautiful girl, the spoiled child of a wealthy father and, of course, cheerleaders; and Fez, a naive but overweight alien who loves candy and can not keep secret. At first, they simply hang out together, laugh and laugh Kelso, but then everyone is sitting in the circle and letting the real party begin ... before they go out and do something that will later regret. In the meantime, the Order comes out and meets Donna's weird parents, Bob and Midge. He is rude, but they do not bother because they think he's joking. Somewhere nearby is Leo, an old hippie, who is constantly confused and plays the words without even noticing. Of course, most seem to be "cliché", but the show takes the clichés to a new level. Now throw some of the scariest stories that a sitcom can offer, sit down and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. The one who never does the same thing twice, and which, compared with the majority of sitcoms who are "sweet funny", are purely hysterical. If you get hooked, do not let this show release you. Take a break and again and again, man, you will see a genre of sitcoms from a completely new perspective.
