Before I saw it, I was just expecting another central soft copy of the Emmanuelle eminent series starring Silvia Kristel. It was really amazing how good this guy was. It actually has a story, and it's really romantic. What makes 'Iell Emanuelle' so good is that the main character, the wonderful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her role, Emi Vong so sweet, that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dreams collapse around her. Emi Vong is a highly respected doctor, statistically, with royal quality. It comes from an important old family, in which ancient customs still apply. Emi will remain a virgin until she gets married, with a man she never met. A beautiful doctor looks alright with this agreed marriage. It's easy how it works in its world. However, she does not plan to meet and fall in love with a British pilot who ends up taking care of her in the hospital in which she is working. Emi decides to stop the customs, and she surrenders to her Western man. But only after a very long courting, Dr. Wong is not just an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emma, ​​so she does not lose her reputation and place in her rigid society. No one counts on the third party, one Ilona Staler, who destroys their relationship through a series of evil games. Emmy believed that her man had left her, that he only played with her to sleep with her. Her place in society has disappeared, she is canceled. The movie brings a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn because this proud, elegant woman gives up her career, and a sweet relationship with her caring father and is subject to the life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised when I found myself so engrossed in this operative tragic story. I was on the edge of my seat when George returned to the city, and unconsciously entered the hotel where his beautiful Emi works as a prostitute! Classic drama. I assume that many viewers were a bit frustrated with this drama. There would be a lot of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And when it exists, it is completely untapped, and very artistic and soft core. If you are the fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you will probably appreciate this, lesser-known classic. I was particularly impressed with the extra attention to detail. The whole segment where Emi leads George in the house of his fathers on the island is really nice. Her father shows George, and the spectator's impressive collection of trees Bonzai. It has a whole miniature forest built of these incredible trees. Totally unexpected. After I caught it on cable television late at night, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally got it I discovered that the video version is longer. More sex? No, more melodramas. For a DVD release, there is a subplot about how George suddenly started with some unknown deadly disease! In fact, the more I liked the cable version. I'm glad that this rare jewel was finally released on DVD. I have to mention the beautiful cinema and bizarre music from the 70's. As you look at this, you get the feeling that you are watching something very rarely and completely in particular. I recommend it to careful viewers who do not need sex and violence to keep their interest.
