Once in a castle ...... Two girls play in the castle garden. They are sisters. Blue girl (Kitti) and brunette one (Evelin). Evelyn steals Kitty's doll. Kitty is looking for Evelyn. Going through the long corridors, they reach the room where their grandfather sits on the armchair and reads the papers. Kitty complains about Evelyn, while Evelyn is interested in painting on the wall. Evelyn begins to repeat: "I am a red lady and Kitty is a black lady". Suddenly, Evelyn grabbed a dagger lying nearby and stabbed Katie's doll and then cut her head off. There is a struggle. And Evelyn almost uses a dagger against Kitty. Grandfather intervenes and the worst is avoided. Later their grandfather told them a legend that refers to a picture hanging on a wall in front of them, in which a lady dressed in a black stabbed lady dressed in red: <br /> "It's long In the same trap, the red lady and the black lady lived, they were sisters and hated. One night, out of jealousy, a black lady entered the room of the red lady and knocked her seven times, a year later, the red lady left the tomb. six innocent people, and her seventh victim was a black lady.The Red Lady killed six innocent victims before she killed the black lady himself. he's breaking his story saying that, according to the legend, sixteen years from now, the Red Queen should come again and kill seven times. But he assures them that this is just an old legend. Sixteen years passes. ... This is the very beginning of the movie. There are many turns and surprises in the movie. It's better for you to forget about the logic (if you really analyze, the story does not make sense) and just follow the movie with its beautiful colors , beautiful women, clothes, delicious décor, light effects and beautiful colors. Enjoy Barbara Bouchet, Sibil Danning, Marina Malfatti, Pia Giancaro, among other goddesses. There is also Sibil Danning, who is lying on the sofa, what to dream about. And do not forget: The lady in red kills seven times! If you like "La Dame Rossa ..." see also "La Notte che Evelin usci dalla Tomba".
