I am Radiant (yellow) (a movie, near the Seychelle rhyme, it is said at the very beginning to be available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great art-hits that was the first sensation in Sweden for the first time. a huge scandal / challenge in the United States when a printed material held customs and he went all the way to the Supreme Court. What's in effect today is not so much that it could offend what has been revealed in sex or nakedness - the director / actor, Wilgot Schyoman, shoots various scenes in such a way that there is plenty of meat and genitalia and occasional graphic bit, but it's always more - So much an intellectual expression than a very desirable - but bold attempts at a pure metaphile, while at the same time making a true statement about the state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew that such things in a generally quiet country (ie Usually neutral in foreign affairs and wars) can be so warmly politically? At least that's part of Sjoman's goal. As a film maker like Dusan Makawayev with some of his works, such as VR (if not superficial and disturbed) or to a lesser extent Bertolucci, Schyoman interferes in politics and sex (mostly politics and in the social layer) about the fact that he also commented on the incarnation of the character in the film. The two characters, Lena and Borja, have a cold connection in the story of the movie, where Lena is a "curious" socialist winner who demonstrates on the street for non-violence and 'trains' in a cabin in the forest. to become fully functional, while at the same time perhaps too curious about his boyfriend's car dealer. And as this happens, which in itself is enough for a single film, Sjoman from time to time inserts himself and his team as they make this story on the film (even halfway where, like on a rock concert, title cards fill in during a pause in shooting who are the crew, denying that they have to use the end credits!) Then with this there is another dynamic as Sjoman gives a real performance, not just "hey, I'm the director of the director" bit. "< br /> Firstly, this structure can not be obtained, and I am curious (yellow) is only a film in which Lena a documentary who asks questions about their thoughts about class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and sometimes we see Lenin's father or Björea. But Sheoman is doing something interesting: the structure is so slippery as the viewer has to stay on his fingers, it's impressive that for so many years The picture may surprise not being afraid of mixing a drama narrative, a documentary, a movie within the film, and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru for Lena. It may not always be a politically coherent analysis, but it does not feel like cheating or even with a lot of satirical plans as in Godard's picture; Satyr Sjoman is related to Godard, but on another wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that could put off less initiate viewers. If I am curious (yellow) I stand as an intellectual enterprise and a full path to research. sex in the way that was and is enchanting as it is shown and how much it is pleasing to the actors, is not completely successful, I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman brought him to T by making a purely emotional film with the tendencies of deconstruction, Schyoman is more inclined to connect with specific ideas, without always directing it very well when the time comes for big or subtle scenes with actors. Occasionally, it's only for actors, Lena Niman (mostly spectacular here in a show that asks her to make an ambitious, but confused kid in someone cute and vulnerable even) and Borja Ahlstedt (a big real counterpoint to the unstable Lenny), but some 40 years later it is difficult to fully associate with everything that happens in the inner film Lena and Borja, because (perhaps deliberately) Sjoman fills with clichés (Borja has a girlfriend and a kid, will she leave, how Lena will calm her father) and a difficult narration of her kind starleta. However, for all the mistakes Sjoman may have, ironically since it means that it will be a comment on myself, I am curious (Yellow) is well held as an art experiment in water testing what can be done at the Swedish cinema, or testing what can not be bending for provocative and comical use. I would even say that it is influential and that it is probably copied or imitated in more than one way because it was such a cult phenomenon at the time (a certain technique was used, and the movie turned to the end, it reappeared in a worse use in Funny Games ), and should be seen by anyone who engages in the creation of a avant-garde or a meta-movie. If it is not such an outstanding artistic jump as V.R. or Last Tango, that's close.
