Nine out of ten could look like a high rating they could give for a film with a science film attacked at the US box office and criticized as Kurt Russell's poorest career career. I have my reasons. First of all, when you read the negative reviews of this film, they usually begin with the wooden nature of Russell's interpretation of Todd, the soldier of the same name. I'll start here as well, with my surprising claim that this may be the most beautiful work I've seen Russell retreat. Tod is an emotional bog and suffers from intense PTSD - this film was written before the phenomenon was so widely recognized as it is now. Portrait is on site. Todd is withdrawn, uncommunicative, and lonely. He suffers from irrational anxiety-related to training that teaches him to analyze each movement and interact with another human being for signs of betrayal and danger. His hyper-focus with him is incapable of understanding a greater continuum that the tasks he has must sit inside-there is a scene in which cutting carcasses cuts and continues to work insensitive, not cleansing the cut or blood. Many interpret this as a sign of its physical strength and focus on the job, but it is also a sign that it simply executes the task you want - not understanding the relationship between the cooking vegetables and the food that will be eaten later. Todd's dialogue is Spartan, at the very least - the two great spoken scenes they receive are central to the plot of the film and they underscore the gloomy nature of its existence. We are told the fear and discipline. Always. The fear of keeping it under pressure to a hyper-alert state in which its smallest detail will not pass, keeping it ready to respond to the edge of the knife. Discipline to keep him under control through his fear, to overcome him and perform tactically. The conclusion is that he has no time to think and can not afford to feel. Many viewers have different interpretations of his reaction to Nielsen's Sandra's embrace - but I believe that you have to interpret it from the perspective of a man who is the only experience of embrace in the battle - shaking it represents by suppressing his / her flying instinct by reacting fear of capture, movement and vision limited - Fear and discipline indeed. Then there is the subtext of his abandonment (in fact, twice) - the so representative way in which our society seeks to throw infantry into the garbage of society when they have served their conditions. 40% of the unemployed are former soldiers in OUR WORLD, HIS can only be worse. Russell quickly takes the mace of Mace's responsibility toward his wife and child - desperate is the task, even the one with such a high likelihood of his death. Then there is a military subtext - a clash between the Bush Church and the Hotshot from the headquarters, McCormack. Macum's new men are faster, stronger, more precise and aggressive. Any one of them could knock Todd to the ground - but it's not about the tools you have, but about how you use them. Spur Todd, who had the freedom to pursue his own initiative and act without the effect of oppressing perceived superiority, uses ambush tactics and subtler tricks to reduce the scope through a newer unit - sent without support, cover, or scouting. It is a reminder that military power can not compensate for the failure of leadership. There are many other subtle themes. When filming and scanning so minimal, it leaves enough space for your interpretations to be rooted. Watch the Soldier of the open mind and see what is being taught.
