This is a great movie. He has an amazing story, an awesome main character, a very good acting and killer action. This usually occurs in 2036, but it shows the scenes that are going on in the past years to explain the story. The story is very well made and there is no hole. Kurt Russell is a co-worker named Tod, who has been trained to kill since his birth, and like all other soldiers never had a normal life. Finally, the army introduces new, younger, faster and stronger soldiers. Jason Scott Lee is one of them. As a result, they have no need for old soldiers like Todd. They try out new soldiers by fighting some of the old soldiers, in a battle that Russell hurt, and he assumed he was dead. The army throws its body, as well as others, assuming they are all dead, but what they do not realize is that Russell is alive. left him. For some time he lives there, but he can not adapt to normal life. He rarely speaks and is sometimes very aggressive towards other people. When they feel he is dangerous to them, they send him into the desert. As Russell left the planet, he was attacked by new soldiers. The army has forgotten to train soldiers to be smart like Todd and other old soldiers. While these new soldiers are faster and stronger than Todd, Todd easily overwhelms them. The army starts to understand this and Todd kills all his people except one. It's Jason Scott Lee and in the end you see the classic scene of the battle between Russell and Scott Lee. Russell obviously comes to the top. This is one of the best action movies I've ever seen and I've seen a lot. This has everything you can look for in a movie, including some great lines. The writer also did not forget that Russell had never seen a woman before, as he even calls women "sir." There is no hole in this movie, every minute has a purpose and it's very fun. An incredible action movie for one man for Rambo, Commando and Missing In Action fans. This is highly recommended for all fans of Kurt Russella and fans of action / sci-fi.
