I do not know how and why this film has a modest rating on IMDb. This film, accompanied by "I'm Curious: Blue" is a masterpiece. The only thing that will let you down in this movie is if you do not like the movie process, do not like psychology or if you were expecting hardcore pornographic ramming. This is not a movie you will want to watch to relax; the movie you want to see as any other masterpiece, with time, attention and care. ****** SUMMARY, YOU CAN CONTAIN SPOILER OR TWO ******* br /> The main thing in this movie is that the film fits the whole movie, but It works in such a way that sometimes you forget that fiction is not real. The film is like many films in one: 1. The political documentary about the social system in Sweden at that time. What is relevant in many ways today. Interviews were made by young Lena. 2. The story of a filmmaker, Wilgot Sjöman, making a movie ... deals with the relationship with his star in the film and how he should never have been involved in the people with whom he should work. 3. Film that Vilgot says. It's about a young woman named Lena (IE # 2), who is young and very politically active, a real documentary (IE # 1). She is also adult in her sexuality, and that is freedom. The magnificence and pure shine "I am curious: yellow / blue" is how these three elements are cut together. At one time you are watching an interview about politics, and the next you look at what the interviewer is doing behind the scenes, but it does so well that sometimes forget that it is narration. Another thing is the dynamics between "yellow" and "blue", which if you see one, you have to see the other. "Blue" is not a sequel at all. I will try to explain the best I can, because, as far as I know, no other film did it, even though it's a great technique. scene. A complete story. Think about "Blue" as all things between the 14 scenes in the "Yellow" you have not seen, and that's a complete story of yourself. In essence, these are parallel movies ... the same story, told in two different ways. Only when I saw the first 30 minutes of "Blue", I completely understand the "Yellow" Hope this was useful for people who are discouraged by various influences, because this movie changed the way I watched the movie. Thanks for your time.
