In the future, the military component does not have to recruit; On the contrary, their candidates are selected after birth, they are thrown out of the nursery and determined to spend their entire life at the service of the government. They surrendered to the war machine, the body and the soul, for no reason other than to protect and serve; they do not have a personal identity other than the name and rank, nor any autonomy. It is the fate of those whose destiny is destined for 'The Soldier', directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The scenario is difficult and grim because the film begins with the presentation of training of soldiers during the period of promotion, from pre-adolescence to adulthood. Russell is sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we see his career as he performs his duties in a model manner in the campaign after the campaign; he is what was born to be, a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer an elite. A new generation of soldiers, products of advanced genetics and technology has been created, and Tod's generation is suddenly outdated. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life as he struggles to discover his sense of humanity and individuality, the characteristics of new soldiers who have known only two things throughout their lives: fear and discipline. Russell gives a command performance like Todd, a soldier who must above all obey orders without question as he suppresses all emotions and individual thoughts. He has several rows in this film, but Russell speaks a lot with his eyes. This role shows that he is, in fact, one of the underrated actors of our time; that it can so completely disappear in the image of Todd, merit his ability, and with this work he created someone who is completely different from what he did before. And he gave Todd depth and credibility so that one of the smaller talents could easily be transformed into a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel McCum) also made significant appearances here. Rounding off auxiliary heads is Jason Scott Lee, who is remembered as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertvee (Mace); Gary Busei (Captain's Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrik). Anderson released an action movie with a message, a warning story that goes beyond the genre of science fiction. The "soldier" reminds us of the importance of preserving the humanity of our lives. It's a fun way to consider alternatives, such as the gloomy future and the world in which good movies simply do not make much difference. Similar to the 1984 and "Mad Mak", this film, which ultimately raises the level, will make you take a break and consider the type of universe in which we all have to live together and share. I appreciate this 7/10.
