Why do I love so much DISORGANIZED CRIME? Why do I laugh or laugh out loud whenever I think about a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's hard to explain, but I'll try. First of all, it's really funny - unlike what many "official" reviews you want to believe. But again, it completely depends on your sense of humor, so it makes no sense to discuss it. It's often humor in dialogue, and often situational comedy. There is, for example, this very hilarious scene in which four gang members got a lift in the back of the truck. When the farmer drops them, they just stand by the road, covered everywhere with cows or the like. They are completely upset; Then, realizing the humor of the scene, they begin to laugh at one another, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), watching (and certainly smelling) scary, nonchalantly pulls some mouthpiece to at least do something in his breath (simply describing the scene , I laugh again!). Which leads to another point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, Villiam Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (OK, this is a bit overrun) all fit well and play their parts - in fact, you get the feeling that they themselves enjoyed themselves. filming. Thirdly, there is a complication. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very relaxed; he takes his time for the action to take place and that individual characters are established. More often than not, there is no real action, and you still enjoy these very different people - who are trying to rob a bank, even though their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to appear - he murmurs about each other and even strangely, unwillingly, as well as each other . The movie is a fantastic parody of the typical seizure of a bank robbery - completely impossible with all its crafts and coincidences, but completely convincing in its love for ironic details. By the way, the title of the movie is one of the best I've ever encountered, because it totally ironically sums up the action. So, listen to my advice: watch this movie, but if you're not kidding, laughing or laughing during the first 10 minutes, forget about it - it's not your type of movie. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to grasp the script - if you accidentally know how, tell me.
