I like this film for several reasons. I have a soft position for films about intricately designed criminal conspiracies such as TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that lie to the genre. One of the best is DISORGANIZED CRIME. Corbin Bernsen has met four consecutive years over the years, and he decides that everyone can be useful to the bank robbery he plans in the small town of Montana. But he did not give details about the crimes to boys, nor did they even know each other. Shortly after sending them to them, Bernsen arrested two New Jersey police officers (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck), whom he had escaped before and had an order to return him. While in their custody, there are four contradictions (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Vill Russ) without a clue why they are there, except that Bernsen is planning something. The first twenty minutes of the film dealt with four adversaries who gradually became accustomed to one another, and Gwynne and Philips managed to dispel their doubts to realize that they had to trust one another. At the same time, Bernsen patiently waits for the right moment to escape again from O'Neill and Roebuck - not too hard, because they are not the brightest bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of complications that will confront each other during the whole film: four opponents try to understand what Bernsen's scheme is and how to put it into operation, and Bernsen tries to maintain his freedom from his pursuers and regain his cabin (and I hope will find his gang there to take over the command). There is also a third, smaller, plot that involves the growing anger and anger of the local sheriff Hoit Akton against the idiots from Nev Jersey who constantly enter his hair. like Akton, which attracted O'Neil and Roebuck, into the surrounding house in a city that Bernsen should hide inside and shout (over the megaphone, "Come out, we surround you!") to move the scene to the vast, Montana the plain that Bernsen struggles and stumbles miles from where the police think he is at the moment. At one point their car will not start, and they have to drive the truck, unfortunately, it's a truck carrying a manger. Conclusion with the band successfully performing robbery, including disabling all police cars at critical time (Philips specialty are cars) is also a jewel of time, uncertainty, and comedy results. The film is very fun and certainly worth the attention.
