What was the loss of Emil Ardolin's regime! He could have taken a light script and, with real casting and mounting, put glitter in it and make it shining like a star. This star may not be the brightest in the sky, such as great romance, but it's definitely the one that keeps you up to the end. You really want to know how things will happen. The scenario is perfect for Cibill Shepherd, who at that time should have used the success of the "moon" for a new generation that (luckily, fortunately) for her) is probably unaware of the large films on the big screen had a very promising beginning. In this film she is in the form of a widow who still lives and lives through her daughter (Marie Stuart Masterson at the top of a star that will reach the peak of "Fried Green Tomatoes" two years later). Perhaps she looked too young for that role, but it works well in the way the story unfolds. This is her movie, but she does not go beyond the pencil. until then. And there is a great support from Ryan O'Neal (in his best role for years) and Christopher MacDonald. Masterson's natural charm is to a large extent per se, whether or not she has a way to make her character a breath of fresh air with every word. Ardolino is well using the sexual attraction of her actor in the same way as with "Dirty Dancing", but this movie is not exactly such a cricket that you can still watch with your parents if they accidentally find themselves in the room. (Use your best judgment, they are still your parents.) I give this film a high grade, because it is very friendly, romantic enthusiast comedy will consider it as sublime, and those who only watch along with them should find a lot of humor and enjoyment. Again, the merit of Emil Ardolin is that he used most of the charming scenario of Randy and Perry Hovze. (Where are they now?) The next Ardolin's movie would be a phone extension of "Three Men and Baby," but his latest Sister Act would finally give him a nine-fold hit hit that he deserved. Mr. Ardolino, your film touch has been missed!
