The first time I saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately, I could not watch it until the end because it was broadcast late into the night. Now I bought it on a DVD because I remember I liked it. This is really not an ordinary horror movie. There are some elements of horror, but I rather categorize it as a fantasy. I liked it, but I was hoping for a little more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's father comes to the paper hall to kill her is a bit short. Now to complicate. This film is about a young girl named Ana who gets sick. While she is sick and has to lie in her bed because of her small number of people, she goes on to draw on the house - a paper house. When sleeping, which often happens strangely immediately, it is located near a house on a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly the one she drew and that every new detail appears in her dreams. Someday the boy gets into the house to have someone he can talk to. While forgetting to pull his legs (because he sits behind the window), the boy can not walk. Later, the doctor tells her that the boy also has this strange illness and she realizes that with the boy who drew her, that boy also entered into her disturbing dreams. She also notes that it is getting harder and harder to wake up from her dreams. Since her father is missing from abroad, she draws her father into the house. She makes a mistake and her father is very angry at the picture. He tries to pull it out, but he realizes that he can not change anything already drawn. And the next time he falls asleep, the horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because he drew on his head to label him "disabled") and tried to enter the paper hall and kill Anna and his friend. Her dreams became a terrible nightmare. They succeed in escaping and killing her father, and Anna can finally wake up. Ana is in a hospital where her parents sit by the bed. The doctors thought she fell into a coma. They tell Annie that another boy has died and that they want to travel to the ocean to get through those tragic events. Ana pulls out a guard tower and notices that the same guard can be found near the hotels they traveled. She runs to the guard room and meets the boy (I just do not mention his name because I can not remember him and I do not want to go back to the previous html page) and I can greet him and forget those terrible dreams forever. Br /> There were a few things that I did not understand in the movie. First of all, it was an end that I absolutely do not like. I think it's too long, and the main part of the movie becomes too short. How does a boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anne while he is supposedly dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated that scene that was so stupid to me. She almost destroyed the main horror scene. The things that I liked were a scene with Ana's father's photo, which was the first real terrible and terrible scene. I liked the boy. The actor was great. He was even better than Anne. I also liked how Ana was trying to get her father out of the picture while she was asleep and looking for him in the trash. All in all good movie. I give her 8 out of 10.
