My name is John Mourbi and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw a psychopath Alfred Hitchcock, I was very scared and deeply upset. I started to freak out looking for a movie that was terrifying in the same way. But none is satisfactory. Among those who tried and failed Birds, Night of the Living Dead, The Silence of the Lambs, The Blair Vitch Project, The Ring, The Evil Dead, The Sixth Sense, 28 Days Later, Texas Motorcycle Massacre, The Night of Witches, Near Dark, Alien, Peeping Tom, Cell , Rosemari's Babi, do not look now, Vitchfinder General, Friday 13th and The Omen. That should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I found out about Paperhouse. The paperwork is based on the favorite book I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came up with some books I found on horror films, but they did not tell me about the relationship between a book and a movie. I discovered the truth while I was online, I bought a movie later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse would not be loyal to the book and boring. It was certainly untrue, but certainly not. It was the answer to my prayers. Marianne is renamed Anna in the film, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school, Anna draws a house in her book about the waste (they do not mean anything about it), and then she gets sick and every time she faints or falls asleep, she finds herself out of a dreadful old house (and I mean really disturbing). It is even more revealing that whenever something new is put in the drawing, it appears in the dream world, the EG tree of apple trees. Ana enters into a dream world a pretty sad boy who is called a brand and who is obviously a person in the real world. Mark is anxious, but wants to leave the house, necessarily Anna attracts the lighthouse (a place to go), but still the problem remains marked can not walk. So Anna decides to draw her father in. She pulls the pencil and gets too much work, but the outcome is deformed and disturbing Anna especially does not like his eyes. Quote: "It looks like a crazy". So Anna tries to rub it and starts again, but the pencil has proved to be indelible (this means nothing can be erased). Then Anna loses temper and overcomes her oei! I also leave you to discover the terrible consequences of unhandled action yourself. The Papyrus is truly a British response to the Nightmare on the Easter Street! Watching this movie shocked me and upset me. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is how do you compare the comparison with Psycho? Answer, 1 old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 real shock, 4 and very scary music.
