Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to become unconscious and go to the world of her own creation. The dark world she drew with a sad little boy as a resident of an old house in the center of a lonely field. The lack of detail, just like every child who draws a house and its inhabitant Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not draw his feet), inhabitants of this purgatory / limb of the world. Ana begins to visit her boyfriend and house more often trying to understand what she is and in the process trying to help save her boyfriend, but her fever makes it difficult to wake up every time and not only to kill her, but also to catch her in the trap and Marc there forever. Vov! It's good to say that Bernard Rose is brilliantly persecuted and poetic Paperhouse. A film that is so simple it's almost impossible to explain and it's impossible to forget. Although this puppy can be in a terrible section, that's all. It is a more serious fantasy, professionally guided and extremely well acted by its actors, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet, it's not a movie about children, but it should have made us remember the careless days that are now only dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of a curious ambience that creates an exciting background for a great story and great actors. Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain its dreamlike qualities and leaves most of the imagination's imagination. There's a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to dump your teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the mind of viewers, interested in your sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded, I was once again impressed with how much this film was able to reach the finale, which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. here are brilliant. He is able to create a disturbing, gloomy atmosphere that appears simply on the surface, but on the whole it is much larger than the sum of its parts. The actress's young Charlotte Burke in this, her featured debut, is really impressive. Unfortunately, since then, she did not decorate the screen. The much-honored award for Burnout Central seems to be appropriate for this show. At the end of the film, the film is a bit lagging behind and there, but I could easily overlook it. I wish they turned to the darker direction, creating a far more powerful finale that would prove even more nervous and truly amazing in retrospect. A film like that, it's still one for books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic journey told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much remained for reflection and much more for praise.
