My friend and I chose "Paperhouse" from a random pile of movies on our weekly excursion to the Horror section ... none of us heard about it, but the inscription on the box was really promising. And the film did not disappoint, although I probably would not call it solely a horror movie. 11-year-old Anna Madden draws a house and visits her in the dreams. She definitely sleeps while she sees the house, but she is so real in the sense that she is almost a completely separate reality. What, in view of later events, does not seem to be far from the truth. In any case, she finds she can add a house, its contents and the environment by simply adding an image. As this happens, Ana becomes more and more sick of fever, and besides, she becomes completely obsessed with the house and her drawing. In addition, she and her mother also deal with her absent father; he has a job that takes him to the long run, although the impression is that the story is actually more than that. OK, so drawing things sound pretty nice - but honestly, there is something really threatening. The dream world is sprightly surreal - the house is, for example, only a gray block in the middle of a lean field. The people who made the film did a great job making us very unpleasant with this alternative world / current dream ... One of the things Anna adds to home is the boy, Mark, who seems to be the same patient which my doctor speaks (I do not give up on it, you know from the moment it appears that it's the same child). In reality, Mark can not walk because of illness; in Anna's drawing, he can not walk because he did not draw his feet. She blames herself for his life's illness and tries to correct the situation, but ... everything begins to become really weird. She even brings her absent father into a drawing, with disastrous results. The parts with your father are really terrifying. I do not want to give anything, so I will stand there ... It seems that much is happening in this movie. I'm sure you will have a ball that analyzes this thing with your friends after watching it ... Is it a simple story as it seems, or are it really layers of meaning? I do not know, but in any case it's fascinating. There was "Nightmare On Elm Street" about it - quality, in that at one moment reality and dreams are breaking out. I love such things. My only complaint is that it seems that it could have ended many times, but it did not. I am pleased with the ending that he had (some of your sensitive types may want to have Kleenek at hand!), Although this could indeed have different conclusions. In any case, it does not feel right when it's over, but as you look and fade more, it's a little nervous. However, "Paperhouse" is really a GOOD movie. It's done well, and acting-- especially Charlotte Burke like Anna-- is superb. Burke, who never appeared before in the movie, is a gem. I do not know why she has done nothing else but in any case she is really convincing and pleasant to watch. Paperhouse is not just a horror movie, it's a kind of fantasy / uncertainty / something else type of film, with some horror moments - but you can still watch it with your family and not worry about it your younger brother or grandmother can be infected by spraying blood or the like. Give her a chance, you will not regret it! And maybe you should read the book ...
