I miss Vestron, they certainly had a finger on the pulse of a unique and unusual cinema back in the 1980s. This is very obvious with the stunning Paperhouse, a film that touches me deeply every time I watch it. The idea that a girl manipulates the dream world with her drawings (so that the dream world manipulates reality), and also the connection with and the impact on the life of a boy she has never met, is fascinating and never disappointing. At first glance, Charlotte Burke seems pretty premature, and yet she's getting warm, because if you're a little naughty child, it's hard for adults to believe in what she's experiencing. She becomes very self-aware and powerful to the end, even when she discovers that she does not "hate boys," as she initially insisted so stubbornly. This deals with many touching moments and some extremely frightening, all visually impressive with the great result of Hans Zimmer. I'm very proud to own a soundtrack on a CD when it came out in the United States at RCA Victor. At the time of writing this document does not exist DVD Paperhouse, which is still available in the US (only in Europe), here one hopes that one of my wishes will come true, because I really adore this beautiful movie and the DVD would be welcome! Br /> It's a pleasure to see a girl doing her thoughts as a jigsaw puzzle trying to make a dream world for her and her new friend, Marc (Elliot Spires). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spires perform a magnificent job, I think that the editorial comment on Amazon.com that "hammi action" is quite confusing - I found that every aspect of Paperhouse is exciting. Even in smaller scenes such as Charlotte and a girl in the classroom staring at each other through the glass on the door, that's pretty powerful. You do not have to be an arthouse type to enjoy Paperhouse, just be the person who enjoys the movie that stimulates and wants you to need more. There is enough in this film to call for repeated viewing and I'm still in awe for cinema and sets. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice because it has so many details to absorb and enjoy. A truly emotional experience. Although there are many movies I adore, there are only a few specific movies that create a big emotional chord in me: movies such as Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so many shit that passes as movies that can be easily forgotten in cheap bins, all I have to do is watch Paperhouse and my faith in a miraculous narrative is renewed.
