Emilio Miraglia is the first character of Giallo, The Night Evelin came out of the grave, it was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horor - this second film is even better! This time we have more Giallo side equations, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic styles of horror that made the previous film so enthusiastic. This time, Miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of this action, and as a result, the Giallo Labyrinth is typical, and the characters are everywhere and the Red Herrings are thrown every few minutes. This is a definitive movie bonus, but sometimes it can be too confusing; there is always enough for the public's interest, and Miraglia's narratives have improved from his earlier film. The action begins with a scene in which two young girls are struggling before their grandfather explains to the legend behind a pretty terrible painting in their trap. The legend is about a woman called the "Red Queen" who, according to the legend, returns from her grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, murders began ... Even though he made only two Giallo, Miraglia has its own set of awards. Obviously, his color is important because he is very different in both films; and there seems to be something against women called Evelin. It likes castles, gothic atmospheres and stylish killings - which is fine! Miraglia may not be Argento when it comes to blood spilling, but he certainly knows how to insert a murder into his film; and here we have pleasures that include Volkswagen Beetle, and death on an iron fence that is one of my favorite Giallo death scenes. The female side of the acting team is great with the stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marino Malfatti, which leads to the stunning heads of women who are not afraid to take off their clothes! The result thanks to Bruno Nicolai is appealing, and although he does not contain much of the psychedelic rock that is heard in The Night Evelin Came Out of the Grave; It fits well into the movie. Completion is something that is excluded, because although Miraglia renews the Gothic atmosphere, it comes to being more than a little hurry and the identity of the killer is too obvious. But nevertheless, this is wonderful fun Giallo and the one I recommend to fans of the genre!
