Finally - finally I came to him and I managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeeza! So far, I had a deformed, dashed version that was filmed in Dubai TV sometime in the 90s, with strange English subtitles, a spickling wide screen and a fluid color with my own mind. I thought of the world of such bad (and short) copies that the decent was worth the wait, and for a full 140 minutes more satisfaction than I thought it was possible. It was wonderful. Meena Kumari's film from the beginning to the end, and I believe that she was planned since 1958, she finally realized it in 1971. What a pity that chronic alcoholism finally killed shortly thereafter, and actually was too sick to appear Some of the scenes in Pakeezah, which require a double body. In some scenes, the tension is definitely shown on her face. The Story of Purity vs. Troubles I can only treat myself as a fiction without the experience of anything close to it, but it leads me to realize that it faithfully shows the world that has now disappeared and which had to be shared in one moment in India. It is a luminous and colorful film with a simple, unperturbed epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that in a way is at one and the same time felt good. But for me, this is the incomparable golden music of Gulam Muhammad sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiio - and her part in developing a story that makes this film so remarkable. I rarely hear such serious, beautiful, poetic, marvelously singing and playing songs on any movie soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain is perhaps my favorite music movie, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - but Lata said that the songs themselves do not mean anything to her. The only disadvantage is that the unique Mohammed Rafi had only one song here, although a classic duet with Lat. Because of all this, but not blind for his mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie, recorded at a time when Western India was piling up the pace and watching now that Western values ​​seem to be state sponsored and de rigueur. At least watch Pakeezah for the taste of what Indian pop music must offer to the world before it's all thrown out of the drums, Bollivood Beat, and Bhangra.
