The power of the province of Kangwon is the second appearance of director Hong Sang-Soo and clearly the many things he began in his previous film returns to this film, including multiple related stories (in this case two) and stories about troubling or disturbing stories. One thing that is obviously reduced in relation to his previous work are fantasy flights that included elements of surrealism. However, this film also contains an extraordinary moment that opposes a rather realistic view. The two stories accompany a young woman who goes on a trip to Kangwon Province with her friends just to attract a stranger and the other about a man who also goes on a journey to the Kangwon Province and fights with her relationship again, Hong shows a strong understanding irony and defect in human nature, and yet I do not think it is completely inevitable when it comes to his characters, attracting only enough compassion to compensate for the critique he draws with his irony. I think that the idea that I loved Hong's films is that they feel so real, especially complex and conflicting characters. Not to say that every person is a hypocrite or suffers from confused feelings, but that these characters he and the actors feel completely developed and convincing. This is not a fast moving movie. Much retains, like the previous film, things do not always connect, so patience pays off in surprising ways. There seems to be no element of a movie that has not been deliberately put into a movie, and that made me a little hyper-aware of the different seemingly extra characters as they drag into the mix as the movie progresses. > Power is a great movie that manages to inject the level of personal emotion, regret, a longing in a story that highlights irony and the misery in making human decisions. It's a pretty tough balance that needs to be kept and surprising how Hong manages to pull him twice in a row. Technical production values ​​became much better because the first film and direction became stable and clear. This movie does not deliver the same emotional hitting as the first, but it gets a lot in its secure research and sophistication really helps to tighten the overall vision. Great view for fans of the art cinema. 8/10.
