Fever Pitch has many clichés that we came to identify with Hollywood romance comedies: the relationship between two people with a little in common, the secret that he hides to reveal, the inevitable breakdown, and the public itself? Well, I will not go any further, but you get a picture. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball like myself, although I'm not quite as obsessed as Ben Vrightman, a Boston teacher who plays the comedian Saturdai Night Live Jimmy Fallon. Adapted from Nicco Hornbie's novel by veteran scriptwriters Lovell Ganza and Babaloo Mandela, Ben is a lifelong fan of Boston Red Sox whose uncle gave his season tickets when he was seven and he was emotionally stuck in that instant life at the expense of his relationship with women. Ben is not just a fan but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Meiers, Florida every winter, for the Red Sok Spring Training game and never misses a home game during the regular season. His family is not made up of parents or brothers and sisters, but colleagues from the group who attend every game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep, but a Red Sox museum. When he falls on the business advice of Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrimore), he is threatened by the need to grow up, but Ben is not ready for it. He would rather have attended the Iankee series than go with her to Baltimore to meet his parents or go with her to Paris and miss the Anaheim series. His relationship is on the verge of disbanding, to stop and to reflect on his priorities, especially when Dr. Phil asks him, "You like Red Sok, but have they ever loved you?" Although Fever Pitch's assumption is that some things are more important than baseball (this thought is futile), you would never know it in the way things are happening. Of course, for anyone familiar with the history of Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will break the hearts of its hardest fans - but this is 2004, when the curse of Bambine came to an end and how Red Sok moves to a new level, Ben can do same. Both main performances are excellent, and Farrelly Brothers are even quite rough gag. While the Fever Pitch will never be replaced with an art film, it's a joyful mess that will have to fall as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jais!
