However, I do not know anything about baseball, I'm not even a fan of sports, but that did not stop me from enjoying the latest Farrella Brothers, Fever Pitch, a charmingly dishonorable romantic comedy. The film is not actually a baseball; It's actually a relationship, and emotional discordance that can often happen. Jimmi Fallen ?? giving the best results so far? The stars are Ben, a little girl, a lightweight school teacher. Ben is a kind of man-boy who, unfortunately, has never really grown up, and he fosters an almost fanatic dependence on the Red Sok Baseball team. Ben devoted his life to Soku, and does everything, from a pilgrimage to Florida for spring training to decorate every square inch of his apartment in team equipment. One day, while taking geometry classes on a trip to her office, Ben met Lindsey (beautiful Drew Barrimore). Lindsey is a corporate, career-oriented girl, but she has some kind of beauty that Ben reveals completely dear. He initially hesitated to call her out, thinking that she had left his "class," and that Lindsey did not immediately see the potential partner in Ben. Their first meeting begins catastrophically. when Lindsey was hit by a severe food poisoning? and its resonant retching provides the first clue that we actually watched Farrelly's brothers. Instead of accepting Lindsey's - an urgent - postponement request, Ben keeps himself around his sister, editor, and janitor. So Ben cleans the dog's toilets and teeth, while his love interest faded away with a bucket next to the bed. When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and finds him sleeping on her couch, she begins a long-lasting process of removing a network of status anxiety and ambition that she began to consider as her standards. Soon they fell in love, and Lindsey took carelessly Ben's fanatic dedication to her sport. After he inherited the election cards from his beloved uncle, Ben organized his life around the season? He never missed the game. But their relationship, which during the winter progressed smoothly, at the beginning of the season hit the obstacle. Lindsey wants Ben to do other things, such as having a vacation with parents and having fun with friends, but Ben begins to have a problem modulating her interest to meet Lindsea halfway. Can Lindsey agree to her irrational loyalty to summer boys to make their relationship work? Can he truly accept Ben's love for sport? Can the stubborn and stinky Red Sok fan still find true love? Of course, Lindsei and Ben come with a colorful assortment of friends. Lindsey's oldest friend, skinny, rich and blonde Robin (KaDee Strickland) insists that something is wrong with the guy if she's still single at 30. However, sweet, curly Sarah (Marissa Jaret Vinokur) and Molly (Ione) Skie) a more optimistic and positive view of Ben. Ben's eccentricity can be applied to almost every obsessive sports fan, while Lindsay's frustration can be representative of every moving career. Fallon is as great as Ben, showing real potential on the big screen, surpassing the non-insignificant challenge that Ben does not get insane. Barrimore, meanwhile, is as charming as the Radochist Lindsey, especially because he is struggling to take Ben to whom he is without losing sight of his need. The fever really works, and although there are many of the inspired comic moments, the film also deals with the serious problem of sports dependence and how it's difficult for couples to negotiate about this fragile territory. Much of the film was filmed in the Boston Park of Fenway, adds a fine sense of authenticity to the process, as well as the ambience of the games, although it will fully understand what happened to the team will probably be limited to baseball lovers. Even so, the Fever Pitch is blessed with such finely wrought and intelligently funny scenario that even beginners fans will find many things with which they can connect. Mike Leonard September 05.
