Yes, dedication. Let's say that "Fever Pitch" can deceive you to believe that it's a baseball movie. But no, you do not have to be a baseball fan to really enjoy this picture of Farrelly brothers. But, of course, if you are, you will enjoy even more; with all the references (pretty accurate, I would say) Boston Red Sok and its bitter-sweet history; from Bambo's Curse and everything attributed to him, including those two words that YOU CAN NOT say to the Boston fan: Bill Buckner. Drew Barrimore and Jimmy Fallon featured two people who usually have a second thought of going into a relationship: a successful cheerleader who is also rich and meeting with a school teacher? The thing is that Fallon's character conquers Barrimore's heart by being fun, caring, cute and perfectly perfect. But her friends ask her a logical question: if he is such a guardian, why is he still on the market? Come in Boston Red Sok. He was so devoted to his team since his uncle gave him the Sok season tickets; He never missed the Red Soka game in Fenway Park for a long time. And this delicate balance, how much is a workaholic ready to give up the obsession of his type; and how much this baseball teacher is ready to compromise to keep the rest of his life's love, is what this film is about. In the beginning, you might think that the sports obsession of the pieces of the movie are exaggerated for comical relief. Well, I am sad to admit it, not. I, as a heavy Houston Astros fan, can say that they are all true. I would try every possible way to see every Stros game; listen to them on the radio or track them online. Every day I read the sports section of Chronicle. And yes, my room looks like a gift shop Minute Maid Park; with a wardrobe full of Astros equipment, including 5 jerseys, 20 T-shirts and the rest you know. Falon's character has even Red Sok MBNA MasterCard. Fallon was sufficiently credible as a fanatical Red Juice believer, although he could do it without becoming a cartoon (thank God that Adam Sandler was not in it)); and the plot was about how this couple tried to deal with the passions of each other. I would say that this will be a classic romantic comedy. It's not enough to be among the best movies in history; but definitely breaks the mold into a genre and is appealing enough for both men and women.
