I must admit that I went to Fever Pitch with low expectations. It's not a great discovery to say that Jimmy Fallon's last film (Taki) was Catwomanli bad, and Fever Pitch trailers were ok, but they did not hypnotize me. I've already prepared some sweet baseball toys for my review ... "I like Jimmy Fallon, but Tucky hit one in his film career. Well, now we have steeeeee-riiiiiike yourooooooo! kick, and come back to SNL! "or" Buy yourself some peanuts and crackers, but do not buy Fever Pitch tickets. Get out of the theater and never come back! " Then the film had to go and be more fun than I expected. But hey, I could not let my punches fail, right? The other reason I thought I would not worry about the movie was to hate Boston Red Sok. My whole family hates them. Just mentioning the name Pedro Martinez sends me to the bathroom. Oh, man, wait ... </ i> <i> ... OK, I'm back. In any case, my mom, who is a fan of St. Louis Cardinals, still believes that the World Series was set last year. She refuses to believe that the Sok got her legitimate. But I am a man enough to admit that Fever Pitch has caused me sympathy, although only a little, with the condition of Red Sox fans. Anyone who has a passion for sports will be able to connect with this film at some level. Unless you have a favorite sports team, you can not fully understand the extreme climbs and failures that a fan like Fallon Ben can pass. Nothing is as fresh as the smell of the new season and nothing so smooth as a clean board. Well, figuratively speaking. Joy is to be a sports fan. Wait until next year, "your mantra, your motto, your prayer becomes - and Fever Pitch effectively captures that essence. I love the fact that the film takes a fictional story and throws it against the real-backdrop of Red Sok's incredible Warlord Series last year. I do not like him so much that I want to get married, but you know what I mean. I expected this to happen in a pretty poor way, and while some humor is a little silly, it's actually quite realistic. See, Ben's uncle took him to his first Red Juice game when he was 7 years old, and when he died he left Ben two season tickets. Ben did not miss the match for 23 years. At the beginning of each season, there is a draft of the day where he and his friends meet to find out who will go to which games he is with. He does everything to play for the Iankees games, and whenever someone complains, he threatened with tickets for matches with Roials (I'm sorry Shade) and Devil Rais. It's a very good scene, and it works so well, because I know about the people who are doing the "day for making cards". I also have to admit that I can say when Ben goes out to dinner with Lindsey and her parents. Red Sok play the game on the road, but instead of watching it live on TV, Ben decides to shoot it. One of the most dangerous things in life is shooting a game, then a public presence and an attempt to avoid listening to results. Was there. It's a very tense and scary situation. Veeeeeell, Ben enters a zone of danger when a guy appears in the restaurant and mentions watching the match. Ben immediately covers his ears and screams as banshee does not hear the outcome. Lindsey is a shame, and her parents do not know what to think. Yes, sports lovers can be weird, I do not deny that. But that's real. Now, if you expect rough, tense things for which Farrelly brothers are known, then you can be disappointed. They still have their moments, as when Ben says he likes that Lindsay sometimes comes out of his mouth "as a wonderful victim of a stroke", but all in all this is definitely the softer, more romantic side that the brochures exhibit. . This does not mean that the movie has ever become too sweet. Fortunately, when the juice starts to leak, Farrells know when to pull off. The romantic moment with Lindsay jumping on the field and running to Ben to proclaim her immortal love for him turns into Ben, sincerely responding: "You have to tell me about the field. Is it spongy?" Jimmy Fallon proves that the right material can be worn on a big screen with the right material, and Drev Barrimore remains a constant source of romantic charm comedy. Fever Pitch is just a good, solid game that takes a more fresh look at the genre of romantic comedy. It's a movie that boys and girls can relate to. Especially guys who are engaged in sports fanaticism at some point during the year and ladies who have to deal with them. Now, if Red Soak fans could learn about "Bamboo Damn". I appreciate it. My Memphis Tigers NEVER won the NCAA Basketball Championship, so I officially declare my situation bigger than yours. GIST Fans Jimmy Fallon, Drew Barrimore, romantic comedy, Red Soak, Baseball or Sports fanaticism should in general consider the appearance of Fever Pitch. I would not get out of my way to hurry and see him at the first available time, but it will be a great matinee. Rating: 3.25 (out of 5)
