This is a great movie for real romantics and sports lovers. Drew Barrimore is at his best in this film. As a fan of the Drew, it was nice to see her splendor after several flops. I had doubts about Jimmy Fallon, but he was completely delivered as Ben comic, sporty crazy souls. The comedy in this movie is great, there were a few funny loud moments. Their first meeting began to be walled when she appeared in her apartment with flowers and she was sick of stomachs from a new meal earlier that day. Instead of leaving, she helps her care about her, helping her dress up in her pajamas, then cleansing the blemish on the toilet and bath and tells her that she was 'very lady ... without a piece'. Everything goes perfectly between Ben and Lindsay all winter, but then the baseball season begins. Lindsay begins to understand how Ben is obsessed with Red Sokka and why this seemingly great guy is still single. She tries to shake her and think about it as a good thing because she has a busy schedule and will not feel guilty for making extra hours while on the games. He even buys all books about Red Sokka that he can find, including the book "Damn Bambin". It goes pretty well while Lindsay has a false alarm after she missed the period. They both ask them to understand how seriously they get and she begins to wonder if it's the person she wants to be. A very touching part of the film is after she tells her that she has gotten her period and that unfortunately she is delayed by the jersey she bought only if she is pregnant. At the end Ben tries to show her how important she is and decides to go to a birthday party after she said: "I had to check my calendar and when I saw Red Sok / Iankee's game I knew I would eat. " Ben tells her that it was "the best night of his life." Shortly after receiving a call from his friend who went to the game, he gave up the party and told him: "It was THE BEST GAME ever !!!" I lost it because I missed it and ended up really injurious Lindsay when he said: "A few minutes ago, you said this was the best night in your life," says "well that was a few minutes ago." So they separate for a while, he realizes how much his obsession is immature and decides to sell his season tickets that he inherited from his uncle, because if he did not, "Too much to remind him of what is from them gave up. " Lindsai finds out through a friend and decides to stop him from understanding that she is doing it for her. He finishes very sweetly showing that his childish love for baseball was shadowed for a new, deeper love, Lindsay. They continue to play and even go to the final game of the World Series and St. Louis, and that's a happy end to everywhere. 2 thumbs up !!
