Clint Tollinger arrives in the city, searching for his alienated wife and news of his daughter, when found, the chance of any reconciliation is very thin. While here, the sheriff and important locals find out about Tolinger's reputation as a pistol specialist from a pistol. While living in fear of the mysterious landlord who is gradually separating from the city, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to free the city from his devious elements. Man with Looks like a pistol or a forgotten piece, or much less than what can be seen, at the time I wrote this, there are just over 200 votes and 9 comments are written for them. It's a shame for any of the results because, although the production value screams that this is film B, Western, this is a good entry into the Western genre. If the piece takes on a rather standard theme about a harraged city that turns into a vindictive dark angel, he probably did not make a movie for any service over the years, I read the synopsis and thought that it was just another in a series of similar theme pictures. Nevertheless, I was pleasantly surprised when I found a dark dramatic picture that can boast of many pleasant moments, both technically and functionally. Robert Mitchum is at the helm while Tollinger, perfectly acting, is walking through the image of some deadly danger. We often talk about the presence of the screen that John Wayne and Charlotte Haston had justified, of course, Mitchum is there with the best. One sequence sees him standing in the shadow at the end of the room, because a meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel how a piercing litter stares at us! The rest of the actors are also very much in Mitchum's shadow, so it's really only with the big man that the accreditations that make movies high, it might be unfair to single out Ted de Corsie for the blow, but Man Vith Gun's minor flaws are with their wicked ones, and de Unfortunately, Corsia lacks any ominous threat. The rating from North North is a great stratification (Spartacus fans will surely break through their ears), and Lee Garmes's cinema is very impressive when it comes to understanding that most of this image was taken on the studio. The director and co-author of the first director Richard Wilson, The Man with a pistol has a little surprise for this genre, but it is dark in the tone, violent and above all, very much viewed. 7.5 / 10
