'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie that has a title that sounds so familiar that I've seen it many times. Now that I finally saw him, I'm very pleased. This is one of the best Italian films I know, with one of the most beautiful performances by Marcella Mastroianni, who plays in other masterpieces such as 'La Dolce Vita' and '8 1/2', both of the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a film that takes time to present characters and slowly develops a story of a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, neighbor Antonietta (Sofia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, rather fanatical in her thoughts, and is no longer a member. I will not reveal that. On the day when every person in their building, including her husband and children, went out to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietina's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and so the two of them meet. Immediately before Antonieta went to Gabriel, he thought he was going to kill himself, again for reasons I would not reveal. How the story will evolve from here I will not reveal, but that's what is happening between them, which makes this special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. As I said, Mastroianni has great performance. You see, he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, although at first we do not know why. Maybe he likes Antonieta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes attention anyway. We see how she makes her hair attractive to a man. Loren also plays a good scene. We understand her questions, although we can not be sure of her intentions. The moments in which we reveal their secrets, if that's what you can call, is a great moment. As the story unfolds, it's even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it. This is the movie you need to see. Excellent performances and beautiful cinema, and the message it gives us still stands today.
