SPECIAL DAY (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). From time to time you come across a movie that really touches your nerves. This offers a very simple premise, almost impeccably derived in every way and incredible movement at the same time. It is surprising that "Una giornate particulare" Ettorea Scole is relatively unreachable, even some critics hate. Time Out calls him "garbage," and Leonard Maltin, somewhat milder, "cozy, but insignificant". I do not agree, not only because this film is moving deep, but in a simple story it shows us more insights into everyday life in fascist Italy than most of the films I have seen. Cinematography is extremely untidy, even a bit uncomfortable, and the story is simple, which can explain the relative unpopularity of the film. Given the late 70s, the audience was not really spoiled by big Italian films, it's even more strange that this did not really boast critics. The film begins with a ten-minute collage of archival footage. From Hitler's visit to Italy on May 8, 1938. We settled on this background; first we met Antonietta (Loren), a lonely, loving housewife with six children in a Roman building. One day, when Beo ran away, she met her neighbor Gabriele (Mastroianni), which seems to be only one in a building that does not attend ceremonies. He is well-educated, culturally and soon attracts him. Throughout the film, we hear a fascist rally from the receptionist's radio screaming through the yard. Scola uses the camera to be a part of the process. After the introductory scene, the camera spills over the courtyard of the modernistic (hyper-modern at that time) residential building, apparently looking for our main characters, which we have not met yet. Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable in the two leading roles, yet stunning because they are completely discarded by the type. Canadian born John Vernon plays Lorena's husband, but he is only on the screen in the first and last scene. It seems to me that his voice had to be synchronized, because he was not of Italian origin and never lived there, as far as I know, so I can not even imagine speaking Italian. If his voice is synchronized, I did not notice it at all. On the contrary, it is completely convincing as an Italian, even more than other actors. The story is simple, but extremely effective, the performances are remarkable, the ending is perfect, and the framing does not turn out too pretentiously, but it works completely. Do not miss this. Camera Obscura --- 9/10
