As already mentioned, the best version ever of Homer's epic. Fully recorded in natural locations in the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky are stunning blue, the islands green and intact. The clothes are cloth, wool and fur, the settings are stone and baked, everything is a bit rough and primitive, a bit of what you will find in Cacoiannis or Pasolini's films, and all of this is more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and extends to supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​how it could have been in the 10th century BC. The rhythm is somewhat slow and tough, but the whole is so beautiful that you get in quickly. Actually, it's amazing near the original Homer, if not the text itself. Ulisses does not appear until the first hour, and the beginning is that his son takes care of him. Then suddenly appeared lost in the storm, landed on the island of Fakan where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are told in flashback as a narration to his hosts: the scary Cyclops, the magical world of Circe, the Underworld, the Sirens, etc. He finally returns to his home country of Itaku after 20 years, and everything ends dramatically with killing pretenders of his faithful wife Penelope. As a story, Odyssey is an incomparable metaphor of the struggle of man's life. Actors are great and international. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek performance in the style of a tragedy like Penelope, but the most surprising is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu like Ulisses. It looks good and completely convincing, it seems that the role is really made for him. It is strange that he has never been offered the role of this dimension. Also playing Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (like Barbara Gregorini), later known as James Bond's "The Spi Vho Loves Me", and Athena's performance is Michele Breton, who was otherwise recorded in the strange movie "Performance" with Mick Jagger. As well as 35 years ago, the series was quite an innovation for their time, as the first major European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I saw this mini-series in 8 parts on French television in 1974. At that time I was a child, and although everything was black-and-white, it left a very vivid impression. All my life I wondered if I would ever have the opportunity to see it again, as it was not shown on French television later. Recently I found a copy on DVD (all in beautiful color) over the Internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without any subtitles, although French and German versions existed at the time. I never heard that there were English versions of this film, because it is unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and that's pretty embarrassing. If you ever get the chance to watch this, you will never forget it. There were not many versions of Odyssey before or after that. One of Camerinas in 1955, in which he plays Kirk Daglas, is a classic sword-sandal like "10 Commandments", but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. In 1997, Konchalovsky was largely a Hollywood movie, based on special effects, sometimes quite bloody, very bad and very far from Homer's story and atmosphere.
