No, this is not a continuation of the incredible OVA series, but the processing of events that happened after the death of Ghima (and the disappearance of Voodchuck). It is also more precise in the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why the characters are again introduced (Orson and Shiris) and why the story may seem slightly different from the one used for OVA. (The booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions, as well as various websites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-series series focus on fateful battle in the Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to Spark, a blonde knight who identifies himself with Parnen and his unsettled team who are trying to stop Dark Wizard Vagnard from raising Cardis Destroier. this is not exactly the equivalent of the original LODOSS VAR (we all love finals where Parn keeps Deedlit from Vagnard, right?), this sequel is still fun for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and a step away from the artistic series of the first LODOS), this 27-piece series has its elements of attraction. Fully realized characters, an interesting story, magic, romance and an excellent soundtrack by Kaoru Vada from NINJA SCROLL, give this uneven spin-off some kind of blow. While OVA dub LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another, I mostly like it and I still consider it to be one of my favorite dubs. So I had great hopes for dub for CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. In most cases, LODOSS TV in English is passable (if not stellar) quality; however, he has his own problems. Most of the original actor who gave his English voices to LOSOSS characters (including Lisa Ortiz like Deedlit!), Which is a good bonus. On the other hand, the mature sound of Billy Regan, Parn is slightly discarded. He did not do a bad job, but his voice came to solve the first eight episodes (due to which some anti-dub fans immediately breathed dub), but while Spark and the company came to the stage, I found him less boring. (I do not know whether this is because it has improved or has just grown to me.) Also, not everyone from the OAV will return. Jaice Reeves only in the voice of Vagnard (incredible) for one episode; he was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, which gives a creaky, but still vicious twist (as well as the expected wicked laughter). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is too exhausted and lasts about five episodes to find his step. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially in the last dramatic scenes. Apart from Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Noksa (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slain), the best voices of dubs come from some of the newer characters, including Crispina Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack -episodes 16-27-), Rokanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who picks Pirotess in OAV, but also Rina's voices with vulnerability and rudeness as well as Karl) and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene in which is like Leaf Half-Elf). The rest of the actors are not terrible in any way, but a little more uneven than the OAV dub. Some are alright (Aldon, Greevus), while others are weak (Hobb, guardians from the palace, dragons, etc.), And few were terrible (especially VA Prince Reona is too rough and monotonous for the fighter of justice). In fact, the lack of hearing continuity (some actors get new voices from some unexplained reason until the moment we get to some later episodes) is one of the dub problems. Others include less unforgettable and awkward sound dialogue, uneven synchronization, and in the end (I apologize in advance to the fans) in the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These unusual, super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either entertain you or drive you. However, at the beginning, I found them as a big disruption, but they somehow grew after some time. (In addition, there are some fun lines like "I'm King Kashu, and this is my KASHOV! I'm really pretty nut!") These defects rank the dub for CHRONICLES just below it for OVA, which results in an uneven English track best sows as "OK". If you are wondering whether the Japanese language track is the preferred choice for listening, well, guess what? The Japanese version has its own good and bad spots. While some voices were less boring than the English-language course, I found others to be less attractive than English equivalents (in particular, the actress who works Deedlit is not nearly as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Iumi Tohma). In addition, I must note that Japanese actors are not the same as OVA. Since the series has been made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Haiami) actors have been replaced by new ones. While doing a good job, it can be a big problem for those who are accustomed to the Japanese OVA. It shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, huh? Despite its defects, CHRONICLE OF THE HEROCH KNIGHT is still a fine series that deserves to retain its land. It is not without rough spots and does not always fulfill its predecessors, but it has enough good points to fight badly, making this moderately pleasing fantasy Anime.
