In terms of art, the seventies were very turbulent. In literature and visual arts, the closing of the great fifty-sixty-year period of creativity has not yet begun. In music it was a decade that many see as a low point, due to the corporate rock and disc. On television, it was the Golden Age for Situation Comedies, from Odd Paa to Marie Tyler Moore Shova to M * A * S * H ​​to All In The Famili, but in the film there was even a greater period of creativity in all genres. That's brought to the rise of American directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese from the ashes of old studio systems that have dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted to publish written, artistic mass films, as they were in Europe since the end of the Second World War. Nevertheless, the studios tried to keep pace with socially conscious films that were not seen since the 1930s. But, unlike films from the 1930s, actors such as Jimmy Cagnei and John Garfield (usually playing the Dead End Kids) acted on social issues in a realistic way, or As realistic as the sound stage, the social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s most manifested itself in science fiction films, which allowed Hollywood's left wing to preach to the masses under the mask of what was considered a little above the entertaining comic. There was a precedent for this approach, as several films from the flying saucers from the 1950s processed a political spirit from the time of McCarthy, most notably the Day when the Earth stood and an invasion of body hunters. At the beginning of the sixties, Rod Serling constantly undermined the political conservatism of that time, casting social issues on the science fiction setting at his anthological show "The Twilight Zone". Among the studio offers of this time there was also an environmentally sensitive silent run; The first film of George Lucas THKS 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's collision, which rejected communism and state control over the rights of an individual. Some of the movie references are quite heavy - and the stench of the then Arab oil crisis and unremitting inflation. A few wooden strawberries cost $ 150, and Soilent meals a variety of colored foods - Soilent Iellov, Soilent Red and the new Soilent Green, supposedly made from the "finest undersea growth" in a way that does not resemble gas-rationing of time. Scenes of food riots are the creepy echo of oil riots at many gas stations during the year of publishing the film, and the scene of crowds and bodies, living and dead, lying all around, are still cold and influential. A later film like Escape from New York is an obvious descendant. The rest of the scenarios, Stanley R. Greenberg, however, is a pedestrian, and quite standard for dystopian films, but Fleischer and cameraman Richard H. Kline is doing a great job of filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds, spice things up. The use of soft, poorly lit visual displays, blurred filters, added to the New York style stylistic feeling, almost as a colorful version of Vampire Carlo Theodore Derecher. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if there was no fashion faucet dog, the movie could really look timeless. The end of the film, where Thorn sang in a processing factory where people's corpses were made in the Soilent Green waffles, is both cold and unusual drama-less. In the end, the Soilent grandfathers capture Thorn, but he survives long enough to utter the movie expression to the main Hatcher. Still, we do not know if that's enough, because Hatcher has already been co-opted, and has a record of how easy it is to get out. However, this fact and its ambiguity show that the film does not recapulate the dilemmas of its characters and has the depth of much later, better-made films, sci-fi or no, no. That's why Soilent Green is still a movie worth watching.
