Documentation documentation. This is one of the ways to describe Hold the river to the right: A modern cannibal story. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebau, who in the late seventies went on his way back to where he spent time as a field researcher more than 40 years ago, first in the West Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is full of character: a gay Jewish artist anthropologist, who shows life on a cruise that teaches tourists about cultures for which he came to have deep respect and understanding. He authored several books that documented his time with Asmat's residents of Western Papua and the Canibal Amazonians in Peru, Tobias was persecuted by what happened in his time in these places and how intimate his relationship and relationships became. Nevertheless, Tobias's constant wonder and appreciation of the place he has met is a wonderful and real pleasure to watch. One can only hope that he will ever achieve and maintain such humility. Tobias makes a compelling subject for study because the experiences he has faced in entering these two tribal societies has fundamentally changed. This film raises ideas about morality and "naturalness" - e.g. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch the graphic crop scene). When asked why he was dealing with some of the local practices that others would morally condemn, his unsuspecting nature asks: "Why not?" Who can say that the path of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper is an inevitable place not only for National Geographic types, but also for those who are interested in the art of documentary creation. This film shows what can be done on the video. Editing provides a quiet discovery of Tobias's life that fascinates you. Sometimes he was desperate for the film crew to make him return an emotional journey, especially considering his age and physical weakness. We can be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to turn to themselves, perhaps sympathetic to the desire to understand humanity and their place in the world. Film makers give some moments of critical balance, presenting, for example, an anthropologist who believes Tobias has predetermined his findings (homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. With these words, you can not decide when you will stop shocking and when you take this man home to pampering. Cross over River Kueen, this is the best riverside I've taken for a while.
