New York, 2022: The greenhouse effect, missing oceans, grinding unemployment and water, electricity and food shortages .. and the New York population has exceeded 40 million. This is a small jewel of the painting, not only because the future is exhausted by the resources of reality for us citizens of the 21st century. The low budget heading of this film is excellent: it was set to music, a low tech series of "slides," which was entirely composed of archive photographs from the dawn of photography until 1973. an unseen American pastoral that develops into contaminated and full of hell in less than 2 minutes. Short and unequivocal, it's really unforgettable. Budget constraints are also due to fairly umaaginative cinema and other constraints, in contrast to the brilliant presumption of the story. Sequence of police stations is an episode of a television detective show from the 1970s, and other interiors set up as basic. The budget was probably still trying to reset Soilent's Executive Chelsea West with the most up-to-date goods, which means that other costumes are superficial, some upright videos are bizarrely insufficiently populated, and the daily exteriors seem to be all shot through the Smoke Filter. The unforgettable scene in which Sol and Thorn (Charlton Heston) share a meal of expensive and rare foods sums up their society: they enjoy the real bourbon, green salad, celery, tomato, apple and beef, and we really feel their respect for someone's rich privileges. Robinson's key scene of death, in which his character is willingly eutenated at a place called "The Home", shows him immersed in the images of once a wonderful flora and fauna in the world, as he recalled, was beautifully in contrast to the thorny Thorne's understanding that the future was bankrupt, among other horrors. This is a smart movie and its essential message. is today like it was in the early 70's. Yes, I know that we are not eating the dead yet, but with our longevity that reduces resources, the growing gap of poverty, corporate global capitalism and uncontrolled destruction of habitats that lead to climate change, a permanent forecast of Soilent Green can occur.
