The World of Science and Fantasy Drama of 1973. SOILENT GREEN is what we could see if we are not careful. This is the world in which the population of New York surpassed 40 million marks in 2022. Excessive population, air pollution, annual heat waves and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soilent Green. But what is this food really made? This question is at the heart of this, though a dated but still intriguing film, based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston starring Thorne, a NIPD detective who is killing a top corporate director (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was in the board of the Soilent Corporation, the people responsible for all the foods that people have to consume instead of the real thing. Heston believes this was not just a homicide in the garden, that Cotten was thrown out for a reason. He received great help from his somewhat inconspicuous, but very perceptive "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and final film appearance), and several timely reminders of what the world once was. What Robinson learns about Soilent Green is shocking him out of every imagination; but before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he himself is euthanized. And when Heston really finds out the secret of Soilent Green ... well, that part has become immortal in the history of the film. Under the very professional arm of Richard Fleischer (BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC) VOIAGE, SOILENT GREEN is a rather dark but thoughtful view of the dystopian future for mankind to live if we do not limit our tendency to take away our the planet with natural resources. Indeed, it was a project that Haston had in mind for shooting back in 1968, after the gold was recorded by the sci-fi genre with PLANET APESA - a fact that is probably lost whenever his ultra-conservative political philosophy appears in conversation (after all, SOILENT GREEN is hardly a trail for unbridled capitalism). Robinson is, as always, the perfect professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is euthanized (while watching video of the world from a better era, set on the music of Tchaikovsky, Betoven and Grig) is quite simply heartbreaking. The film also uses solid help from Chuck Connors (as very convincingly difficult), Brock Peters (as Heston's superiors) and Leigh Tailor-Young as a woman who is trying to help Heston in his research. It must be easy these days for SOILENT GREEN to be rejected for dating. But those who do this have to think twice; because the world of this film can become our reality if we do not look at what we do with what we have today.
