The only movie next to Soilent Green, which has such an unstoppable atmosphere is On the Beach. Both films deal with the consequences for the species and planet that man made cataclysms. On a beach with a nuclear war and Soilent Green with ecological poisoning of the planet. Perhaps there is a reason for some optimism, since since 2007 we have not reached any of the worlds described in these films and it should have been made so far. New York still has about 8 million people, not 22 million by the end of the millennium as described in Soilent Green. Ecologists are always greeting this film as an indication of the consequences of global warming. For me it also shows the ethics of the right to life. Obviously, there is no family planning in this world either. Charlton Heston is a NIPD detective who lives with him Edward G. Robinson, who is old enough to remember the Earth before the disaster struck. There was a murder, Joseph Cotten is the executive director of Soilent Corporation, a multinational group that came with a food product, some kind of waffle in many colors to feed the world's population. The newest product is Soilent Green. The investigation states that Charlton Heston got his man, but also leads to some terrible truth about Soilent Corporation and the future of mankind. As Heston finally says Soilent Green is made of people, that we have become a cannibal race, the horrifying thing is that there is no alternative. We have exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive. This was the farewell appearance of Edward G. Robinson and his memoirs Heston spoke mobilely about Robinson, although they had different political views. . A few weeks after Robinson wrapped that last scene of his death on screened euthanasia, he died in real life. Many are not, but Heston knew that Robinson was finally and there was no action involved in that final scene of death between the two of them. Although the schedule was off, this does not mean that the world imagined by Soilent Green may not come. Hopefully we will have not only intelligence, but also a sense of common responsibility to prevent it.
