The "Allah's Garden" is a top notch example of "popular female literature", a transition to the style of the KSKS century, combining all the power of an unbridled erotic and exotic virtue with a stimulating glamor of false mysticism and a sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. . Just as Jane Eire could not be happy until her castle burnt about her and her lover was permanently convicted of her sins, or the heroine of Rebecca could not find the true fulfillment in her marriage until her husband's husband was murdered for murder his first wife (and her castle burned around her), or the poor Psych could not go alone and had to pull Kupid's secret at all costs, Domina, the pious Catholic heroine of this piece, could find the real sexual realization of inadvertently marrying the man who gave up of their sacred religious covenants. Like all such narratives aimed at encouraging a female reader and encouraging money, this relies on the earliest tricks in the book: basic misunderstandings and the inability to show the right feelings in the right place and at the right time until it is too late. . The logic is that any ultimate sexual intercourse can be afforded for as long as someone is ready to pay in the end a sufficiently high price for it in obedience in the last act. This is Paul Claudel reduced to the standards of the magazine for cosmetics. Oh vell ... It could have been much worse and often there was ... No religious reference, the action of the movie is that of your basic pornographic film: an excessive monk who is crazy for abstinence fleeing the desert in which he has a few dinosaur winds with a romantic, beautiful but naive Catholic heir before the reintegration of his monastery, all the passions spent, leaving him to clear his mess. I really displeased the other commentator with regard to Thais Anatole France, a sophisticated novel intended to ridicule the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which appeared in the Massenet opera of the same name, fortunately. But what makes this picture unique in the anal comedy of female erotic, of course, is the huge constellation of talents gathered under one transparency in order for this film-wet dream to come to a flickering, alive life. A ruthless Technicolor photo that will overwhelm us all, a decent truck of character characters (including one sweet dog), a musical party by Mac Steiner that looks determined to make a "composite film" that Michael Povell (who, ironically, had a bit of a part in a silent version of 1927), of which he had always dreamed, from time to time dreamed on the brink of dissonance, but always came in a brilliant symphonic, operative exotic, an atmosphere similar to a dream, where material considerations were not an object, characters travel as magic from one point to the next, di STOCK is scarce, vague and suggestive, the artistic direction is close to the celestial, flower arrangements appear in the humblest hut or tent, wardrobe heroine is inexhaustible and all the male characters are either aristocrats, saints, convicted, or horny sinners, mystics and poets. Ahh ... Hollivood! MGM DVD presentation of this movie is a naked bone, but flawless. The transmission speed is very high, color registration is almost always perfect, and 2.0 mono sound really matches Mak Steiner's direction and Boier's final recognition. Historical note on this type of "female" Subject: The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by "The Garden of Allah", directed "Carnet de Bal", which is very similar to horse butter -top-in-mouth heroine (a widow after taking care of a sick husband in the exotic distance of an incredibly romantic alpine villa on the shores of the lake) wants to discover what she missed by looking at the male dancers in her first dance book. time, just to realize that there was any feeling at some point between her beaus and it was misunderstood, overstated, or life-long tragic consequences. Duvivie was a cynical way to pay attention to incredibly idealistic performances and that we all need to grow up sooner or later.
