The audience in 1936 must have been stunned by what they watched: a full-fledged, beautiful Technicolor film. I can not say for sure, but this may have been the first (3-strip). In any case, it still looks nice 70 years later on a DVD. Actually, how incredibly good it looks. Honor for this must go to director Richard Boleslavsky, director of photography Virgil Miller, Selznick International Pictures and, for DVD - MGM Home Entertainment. All of them gave us one of the most beautiful films from the era of the classical age. I thought the story was so-so: great in the first half, in the second stagnation. In the end, she gave a nice message, although many people may not have been happy with it. I can not say it anymore, not to mess things up. Marlene Dietrich never looked better, I do not believe, and certainly never played such a soft character ("Domini Enfilden"). The heart-beat Charles Boier was a male star and Domini's favored object, but some of the smaller characters were the most interesting to me. People like Joseph Schildkraut like "Batouch"; John Carradine as "The Sand Diviner;" Most notably, at least for me, she was the dancer "Irena" played by Tilly Losch. Wow, there's a face and a dance you will not forget! I've never seen anything similar in the thousands of movies I've been watching. I just saw her doing the price of a DVD. Looking at her IMDb summary, she was only in four films, but all of them were famous films. Basil Rathbone, an actor who really became famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes", is also here as C. Aubrei Smith, another famous British actor of his time. Schildkraut will, by the way, be recognized by classic movie fans as the man who played the arrogant salesman in a big hit, The Shop Around The Corner, with Jimmy Stevart and Margaret Sullivan. Beautiful direction, photos and colors, and Tilly's dance, things I will remember best in this movie that has many good and not so good things all in one. If it was better for the past half an hour - even if I admire the ending - I would even consider it even higher. Definitely one movie collector wants to add to his collection.
