I discovered this film after I read the book that inspired it. This is not a strictly biographical film; It is "loosely based" on the facts. But I think it's an unusual and freaking exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance like Dr. Fifth. In this film there are many unforgettable pictures; The Fifth travels through the night like a vampire, and his black robe fluttering behind him is almost iconic. There are also several touches of expressionism - Petiot's distorted silhouette that descends to the stairs leading from the cellar where the remains of his victims await cremation waiting for me, reminds me of some Nosferatu scenes. the primary attraction of this movie is to be audible. The soundtrack is full of evil sounds, starting from the frenzy of opening music, with a soundless wrap. The fifth lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small actions, and there is a constant noise in the background of knives that are somewhat harsh, as well as a salesman playing spooky melody on a saw. There are also animal sounds - the goalie keeps the skin, invisible cats twist - and later in the film we see an unhappy cattle that passes through the underpass. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with signs of violence and massacre. Often only animals are heard, but human voices - the screams of Gestapo victims, Fifth patients in a waiting room, followed by a hearing aid. , as the suspected collaborators after the war are tracked in their cells. Even the action of the film is often arranged to hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when the Fifth goes to Mrs. Kern, we hear her singing while she does, her voice responds to the theater, before we see her. Even when it appears, it is often recorded from the back, in a voice calling to her husband, whose voice calls her in conversation. Scattered voices reverberate in large halls, and their owners, when they are seen at all, are photographed remotely, so we can not really see them. This is a ghost story, and these are ghost voices - many of them are Petiot's future victims. However, the Fifth is often just a voice; his terrifying laughter is responding when he pulls out of the camera, throwing comments behind or in the air to anyone. In a way, he is as much a ghost as he who kills himself. He is always busy busy, skipping from appointment to appointment, never resting. But his activity is the operation of the machine - lifeless and untenable. It is interesting that the Petiot itself was not afraid of the fear and dangers of the occupied Paris; he is funny, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, despised, but never afraid, unlike those real people who are dying to death. It is no wonder that he praised his mechanical inventions, including the machine for constant movement (the real detail in the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); He's a kind of perpetual machine. And the mechanical picture is everywhere in the film, from the opening of a huge point in the movie house, to Pete's bike (with its creaking wheels that respond to the sound of sharpening the knives), to Victrola who is constantly cheering on playing music before making the murder. Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a message to your wife, let me mask you before you go, you need a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just as it is The record is always the same. Maeder, the author, says that the perfection of his criminals was so difficult against the Pentecost at his trial. His system was as smooth and effective as the Nazi concentration camp, and this may be the reason why the film invents a sublot of Peteot's engagement in the French Gestapo and the occupying Nazis. Unfortunately, this does not really work as part of the story, because it's very difficult to understand what Petiot is doing for associates, or what happens when he finishes in their headquarters in the middle of the night. Removing the body? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say, and it's harder to believe; it is unlikely that the state would turn to a liberal like the Pentecost. But this reminds us of the duality of evil people; The Fifth is a robber and murderer, but he is also loyal to his father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs, and that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could be loved fathers and family men, so we have to recognize that the Petiot can commit indescribable horrors, and still function normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the insanity and horror of the war situation in Paris; when they are killed, looted and disappeared around, no one pays attention until Peteot throws more bodies on the crowd.
