I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved this, not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb to one of the peaks of Mount Everest. These things usually can not be missed. Inspirational. Moving. Nice standard, right? Even if the film is exactly that, I would still love it. But there were many more. Blind, German Sabrie Tenberken founded a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as evidence that a person has done bad things in a previous life. Many children at school have avoided all their lives, at best they are the burden of their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares a story with the American Erik Veihenmaier, the first blind man who reached the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to come and visit his students. Instead, he meant a plan. He will arrange an expedition for them to climb to 23,000 feet of Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriie finds six willing participants and that's when the party starts. Eric's team is mainly American, mostly male, and mostly seen. As experienced mountaineers, they are type-A personality, very gong-ho and target oriented. Sabriie is European, female and blind, and her students are more of a "project", no matter how well-intentioned. In addition, students are Tibetan, and are not old enough or confident enough to be able to defend themselves at all times. As the expedition takes place, they become pies between two "side" adults, wanting to satisfy both, while at the same time wanting to gain the confidence that comes from achievement. As an additional obstacle (other than being blind, that is), they speak English as the second or in most cases the third language, and struggle to understand and understand themselves. When it turns out that none of the students have any experience in climbing, and that some of them are much more coordinated than others, it begins to discover Eric's original plan that they all come together to the summit. Since students and teachers begin to suffer the consequences of a high altitude, decisions must be made as to whether to continue or to send some of them down the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude is increased irritability, and you can see how this keeps conflict between adults. The risk of over-simplification, on the one hand, are those for whom the destination is all, and on the other are those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all turned out, except to say that this was one of the most incredible and thoughtful stories I've seen for a long time. The film also knitted the stories of each climber in the story, and it was very necessary, as once on the rise of children held her head down and her mouth was closed. With all the drama around them, it was not surprising. The wallpapers seemingly charming and heartbreaking, and it was very strange to me that at the beginning of the film I found myself closer to tears than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another pleasant surprise. In addition to the human drama to be worked on, director Walker and her little crew had to fight with frigid and oxygen-deprived conditions, dragging equipment in the mountains and hoping they would not break. As with all major documentaries, the director was lucky enough (or smart enough, or ready enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she recorded a special story that has so much to say about people who want to do "what is best for children, "as is the case with children themselves.
