I desperately need it on the tape, not on DVD, and soon! I have one nephew who is in the infantry but not yet deployed, although he is ready to go to Iraq soon after December 2008. I lost my beloved son in Ramadi Iraq on 09-15-05 from the unmanned rocket in the green zone. I have another nephew who joins the army as soon as he finishes high school this spring, because he, like his older brother, has an idealized and romanticized idea of ​​what he does in the military. My slaughter died after only 10 days in the country and never went to missions so my nephews have no way to refer to any of the experiences shown in this documentary film from any personal experience that my late son may have transmitted. I can not do anything about those who are in, or have gone now, but I have another one that did not raise my hand and swore IET. Desperately I want him to inform, no other is. <br /> <br /> I'm glad to help with this. Documentary The Ground Truth is the best visual reference I have ever seen. I must somehow make my youngest nephew see what he's doing before he's late. OR: (Do not laugh) It is necessary that my mother first sees this. She must see and hear these men and women, not only their idea, but the truth about what will be immersed, probably forever. Then he will have an emotional resolve to force my brother to watch this movie, and then then he can then his son, my youngest nephew, watch him too. Then my nephew could take this seriously. If (is there another time when it will be shown on TV? If so, please tell me when?))) However, my problem is that my mother does not own a DVD player, she still uses the video (is that correct with the tapes?) So, I have to find a way for her to be able to watch this movie. Can I buy this from anyone in this form? If not, is there any other way to get it in the form of a cassette from anyone? Is there any legitimate connection from which I can pay to download it to a computer and transfer it to a tape. If so, who would contact me. I will be glad to pay this privilege, provided it is a legitimate connection. Or, if you have any alternative ideas, I will consider everything you can suggest. Please, help me, I lost one dear dear and beloved already, but I already know that my oldest nephew will never be the same when he comes back and I will lose him too. I can not lose three, and the emotional tax for all who bring it back is too high a price for every child of a male in my family of that generation. Please help me. I will happily call you, send me an email number if this is the best way to get the necessary information. Thank you very much for the help you can offer. Sincerely, Lori Svanberg l.svanberg@iahoo.com
