There is an episode of "The Simpsons" that has jokes of news reports relating to the military training base as "Killbot Factory". Here the comment is simply a part of the joke to retreat, but what Patricia Foulkrod has in a documentary shows us, it's terrible, that it's not that far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US military decided to tackle the problem they faced during the war; that many soldiers entered the battle and found themselves completely incapable of killing another human being, unless it was a "me or them". Since then, the US military training process has been to remove all moral scruples and convert novices into killing machines that do not consider fighters as humans. Develop the most natural condition in them: "Sustainable need for killing". First of all, this is not an anti-war movie as such. Although certainly warfare war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses primarily on an aspect that does not receive as much media attention as, for example, a debate on the legality of war or physical success or failure; affects the process of transforming a man into a soldier into that person as a human being. The paradox is that training somebody to be a soldier to defend society makes them totally unworthy of living as part of that society, and while most of the respondents and respondents from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod ties with past conflicts, especially Vietnam, is painfully clear. It is not about any war, but about the problems caused by the war in general. Structurally, it seems that the film is divided into three parts; how the recruits get into the army and the training they receive, how they are treated when they are fighting, and what happens when they leave the army. Once this is achieved, you realize that the main target of this film is the policies that are inherent to the armed forces, the policies that are being set up to turn soldiers into affective combat forces, but remove the entire humanity from individuals. Those interviewed tell the cameras that the recruitment process seems so clean and simple, that words like "democracy" and "freedom" are connected, but when training begins to become an "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". How one of the soldiers in action does not care what they are ordered to do, because they are rooted in the idea that as soon as they make an order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to home. They have no political or social ideals to fight, but to fight and kill because it is what they have been trained to do. But the main goal of the Truth of the Earth is to highlight the way in which the US military rejects those who return home. There is no real rehabilitation for returning soldiers, and many are forced to return home unable to deal with what they have seen and done, and most of the policies in place seem to ensure that the military has no legal responsibility for raising the psychological impact on their soldiers . This is the ultimate humiliation, when they are used, they are discarded. If there is a flaw in the film, it is that Foulkrod does not try to show the other side argument. The impression is that every soldier who has ever gone to war will return with posttraumatic stress syndrome. It would be interesting to see those of ?? less liberal education gives their opinion on how the military manages training and politics. There is never a chance that the other side of the argument becomes by itself. But in addition, this is a professional documentary, and Foulkrod's use of footage and music is perfectly used to cross the sides of the war, which is often missed when discussing war events.
