"Descent." Yes. Man ... I did not see anything so powerful and brilliant from Bruno Dumont, "Tventin's Palms" (2003). (Otherwise, this film should not be mixed with another recently published image on the subject "Women's Empowerment," "The Descent" (2005), directed by our friend Splat Pack, Neil Marshall, who is also the main one to return to this "Descent", NC-17 rated (uh-oh) effort at which lovely Ms. Davson takes the production award (congratulations) and directed by Talia Lugachi (a big chance of not being a real name), as good as it is (in moments), it will not be appreciated by most laymen there because the script is pretty wrong. As a producer, you really need to tighten that sce Of course, within the room you have a promise of a growing conflict, but there is still a task to achieve a growing conflict. Sometimes this thing plays as an interesting piece of experimental theater and, well, I guess I will to allow others who have already commented on the annoyance, namely what happens in another act - but find me another act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22 that goes with these quasi-independent films such as "Descent" in which Rosario joins and uses his "glory-identity" to get the production scenario by which, under normal circumstances, not received at all, yet is essentially miscast in the lead role of the film. Rosario Davson is gorgeous and, you know, you can kill this girl from any angle all day, but, oh, bye, how fast time just gets out: Rosie is no longer a student. It's part of the confusion about the scenarios: "Is she a postgraduate?" "No, students of graduate studies do not really have such problems with footballers, do they?" Again, if you are Rosario Davson, the executive producer, this is one of the many, many aspects of a professional film process that you will have to think about as you engage in this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you do not have an answer to the question of why the movie is not convincing, let me tell you: there is a shipwreck and a flock of lively, well-qualified, undergraduate old talents who want to engage in a job that could be caught by that main character all the time looking as good as you know who; but unfortunately without Mrs. Davson-ne Honei, NO monei. I have to say that the camera department has done an excellent job, because this film is really well recorded (ie illuminated) in all its gloomy / dreamy darkness. The night club scene looks great; it can be said that all of these spots begin to pay off and play over time ... Shooting / framing is perfectly fine that makes the image look good. The "descent" is not good at all. However, I have the feeling, thanks to NetFlik, ​​that this movie will find its own life. I hope this group continues to record movies. If you're dealing with experimental American filmmaking, cinematic images of incredibly well-formed colleges (or men who left school) in the early twenties, or if you are undergraduate, you simply get angry at hormonally aggressive young people less than half of your American university, "Rosario Davson 's Descent "can be your taste RockaRoll.
