Katherine Heigl, Marlee Shelton, Denise Richards, David Boreanaz. Even before I knew what the movie was about, these names were enough to attract me. Beautiful, talented and popular, these are the performers to look out for. Ok, where to start. We already know what this is about. Five beautiful girls who are the target of a 'romantic' serial slasher, a guy whom they all refused in school dance 13 years ago. His trademarks include subtle deathes which are disguised in Valentine's day cards, worm-infected choruses and nose bleeds. His weapon of choice: well, take the ax, knife, electricity, bow and arrow, hot iron, etc. Ok, basically it's a horror movie with a nice distorted sense of sexuality. Horror films should not be Shakespeare, but I will not go there. I love horror movies, but not all. This, I adore. It's up with some of my other favorites. It's funny, sexy and scary. The killer's face is childishly creepy, and the sight of the cupid that shoots the bow and arrow on the victim is really weird. The acting is superb: Denise Richards, Marlee Shelton and David Boreanaz are fun. I really wanted to see much, much more than Katherine Heigl. I am one of her greatest fans and I would like to see soon how she is doing some leading work. Jessica Capshav is a very capable actress, and Jessica Cauffiel gets the role of a blond blond she has perfected in Urban Legend 2. Smaller pieces were also good; Hedi Buress was a hoot ('bleedmedri.com') and this younger version of Denise Richards looked terrible like her. Highlights: Every scene of death had a special difference to her. Creepiest is the starting scene in the morgue. The Hottub scene, although she was ridiculous, was well-made. And the audiovisual labyrinth was malicious. Soundtrack is great, with freaky music and some nice alternative tunes. Lovpoint: I felt as if the killer was not high enough, we barely saw the mask, and was not even shown at the peak. I also thought that the climax is really non-directional, but still fun. Turning in the end was not such a big surprise, but I'm really glad that the leaders decided to save us a routine 'explains the killer'. I do not like to speak to people whom films should see, but if someone asked me to choose a horror movie that I thought was really worth watching, then Valentine would have been <br /> <br /> < > Our rating: 10/10 (Bullseie!)
