I rented this film just because Rosario Davson was in it. I sat looking at him with my friend and for six minutes we were glued to our seats. Not because of the intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no loose lines; Movie. She slowly attracted you, returning you to a tragic human destiny. Some people think they enjoy the movie, but unfortunately they are wrong. Loves movies; mindless party for the party itself. Michael Bey's transformers and the like were produced only for this audience. There's no need to think about people, just watch and let us ever stereotype that we can slowly dissolve your brain. We'll even put advertisements through the movie to enable you to purchase our products. And do not forget the explosion, we all love explosions. Here we make a difference, art can be fun, but it also provokes thoughts and moves you in hidden ways. Fun is rarely skillful, and even arbitrary. Film is a party. Descent is a movie. Film is art. If you still hold the soul inside your walking-bag for meat-sacks, this rape scene is as powerful as the "irreversible". The difference is that "irreversible" was a violent scene of rape involving two people whose paths were unfortunately misplaced at the wrong time and hell followed. "Descent" is about rape. Nothing less disgusting. Nothing less corrupt. Just different. It's about breaking trust, stunning the soul and scars that are deep. If the character "Maya" agreed, it would be a hot sex scene. But since she desperately wanted to escape, the scene is disgusting. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial rapist, and it's totally disturbing because it reminds him so closely of a passionate love affair. How could "Maia" ever be close to anyone when, even in the midst of rape of her "Jared's" fascinating facade of her lover, she just hinted at the slip? It was destroyed. The film as a whole is lovely. Camera operation and lighting sometimes remove the environment and focus everything on the "Mai" and the quiet interior of her mind. All this was achieved by Rosario with a face and a gesture. Soundtrack was great, a mix of everything. My particular favorite scene is the synchronization of all of these movie aspects that work together; "Maya" dances in the sea of ​​angry bodies, something in its wake, becoming aware of everything, everything is right on the beautiful sad melody of Jeff Buckley. I'm stopping before that. After all, I think this was the 2007 best film. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so poor today that if you do not hack and cripple, rape gangs or nuclear weapons, then people just can not be upset. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It's just the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen are never left. They are always in your mind. When you shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas present, when you tie a shoe; They are chasing you. They persecute you until you release that last thing. Honorize yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
