First, this was a BRAVE movie. I saw irreversible and I can understand the comparisons. However, I can not understand the people who have destroyed this film. I see how the end may have been an extreme, but I would lie if I did not say that I want every guy who ever forced a woman to sex deserves exactly what Jared got. On the contrary, it did not solve anything or do anything better, and the fact that the film does not turn out is what appreciated me. Comment before this called the movie is pathetic and fortified no adult would have been held. I definitely did. I am 24 years. The way the movie was being pulled was real to me. People are so accustomed to watching sweets and quick plots on the screen, if you ask them to focus on a single brick at the core of the film, they not only lose interest, they ruin everything that is built and they call it nonsense. In reality, this is their lack of patience and understanding that needs to be fine tuned, not the product of a creative mind like Talia Lugachi. I think that with great ease she showed Mai before and after the attack, and the transition between these two is an act that is rarely seen. Often times, similar to "teen-oriented" movies mentioned in the previous comment, the effects of rape are shown either as extremely manic and impulsive or terribly depressing, isolated and lifeless. In my opinion, Davson succeeds in balancing so that many survivors become victims: there are drones in the hours of waking, working at a dead end in order to survive (and distract), and then out of wedlock to lose the addiction haze from substances, and not to confront what brings sobriety. I thought this film was telling the truth and I appreciated that I finally showed people the other side of the rape. So many people allowed the end of this film to devour the environment and the beginning ... I believe that Mai's face during the act was the end ... not the act ... not the revenge or the meaning behind it ... only her face ... Thank you
