Yesterday I attended the world premiere of the movie "Descent" at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York. I had a great time. It was sold out and attended by all the main stars, including my spacer Marcus Patrick. I give a film of 7.5 starts from a possible 10 stars. starts with Mai (Rosario Davson) at college. You can imagine a typical college environment with wild parties and flirts. The photo in this movie was great. He meets Jared (Chad Faust) and they become souls. It looks like any other connection in the beginning. A man is looking for the attention and love of a woman, and a woman is hard to play. They both played well. A very innocent flirt between them. She calls her in her apartment and everything breaks apart. The apartment is very dull and dark. In the end, they end up in a basement that is extremely dark and lit up with numerous candles. This really reminded me of the prison. Here's where he shows his true colors and continues to rape her. This is a very dark scene of rape. This scene is not for the young or weak in the heart. The rape scene is a bit long and difficult to take, but it is necessary for the rest of the film that follows. Maia is now starting to lose her soul from drugs and sex. She falls into her abyss. She starts to attend the craziest party and wakes up one morning in the room without remembering how she got there. She was told to go to Adrian (Marcus Patrick). The first thing I remember about this person is to say "he is a person who saves anyone who needs a savings." He is actually the one who introduces Mai to the drug. They begin the relationship of addiction that appears later in the film. Club scene at this moment of the film is photographed with extreme expertise. I thought they were well made and I noticed that the director of the photo was greeted at the end of the show during audiences' audience. her grade - Jared her rapist !! You could see confusion and emotions on Maya. What should I do? What next? The images of her face and emotions are invaluable. What's happening is not actually what's happening. He's interested in Jared. He seems to want to revive the relationship and be happy again. I was sitting there and I said that this really could happen. It was not. Nothing can be further from the truth. It invites him to his apartment and of course, he appears. Now her apartment is dark and big. She completely stripped him. He thinks he will get "luck". She then teases him like any other woman. She fascinates him everywhere and gets excited. Note: for all those who plan to watch this movie, this scene is a complete nudity - it may not be right for the younger viewer. him. Once again, the scene is dark, rough and very rough. If you're watching a movie and you do not want to know what's going on, skip this paragraph and go to the last paragraph. This is where Adrian re-enters the picture. Maia has Adrian to save her (?) By performing extreme male sex with Jared. He thinks this is the last revenge. Adrian continues to take all Jared's masculinity and takes away his dignity. Marcus, like Adrian, plays this scene as convincing as anyone else. He is a strong actor who plays a strong character and the power appears on the whole screen. After the film, during a question and answer session, Markus explained that this scene requires a lot of trust between him and Chad. Maya believes that this revenge will be saved, but I do not think so. One of the last scenes has close-up Mais's face and you see her tear rolling down her face. This was a phenomenal scene of a major plan and evokes a constant discussion from anyone who wants to see this film. Did she get the revenge she wanted? Was it as satisfying as she expected? In my opinion, it is not. It just makes things worse. This is a great movie, it will play the role well and I recommend it to anyone who thinks about seeing it. I would just be a little indecisive if I'm younger than 17 years old. Rosario, Chad and Marcus should be commended for well-done jobs. You also have to boast directing and photography. It was the night I enjoyed.
