There is no director who loves more than Mamoru Oshi. But unfortunately, although he directed a lot of films that attracted great international attention, there are still many of his films that have broken through the cracks. Tachiguishi is one of them, and although I liked the pieces, it's not hard to see why distributors in the West are reluctant to publish. Between his big and serious films, Oshii is known to be a smaller and more weird project. While Tachiguishi definitely falls into this category, Oshii has really overcome this, creating something that is very difficult to classify, even as a strange Japanese film. Go figure. In the core is a documentary that is not completely similar to Otaku no Video. But instead of making a fool out of the existing subculture, Oshii invents his own and enters the lives of culinary heroes, releasing food free and supporting the Japanese culinary level. Oshi's approach to the subject has close ties to Dai-Nipponin, because the subject deals with the deadly sense of gravity, while the images on the screen look just as funny. Senseless humor brought to the extreme. But that's not all, and not just shooting in his documentary book, Oshii decided to create a new visual technique baptized superlivemation. Strange mix of live action, photography, digital animation and dolls on a stick. They performed and performed (or positively, if you want) by the giant of the Japanese animation industry no less, because the project should have been as low budget. And if you think she's just covering it, she knows that the movie is extremely difficult for dialogue, which makes it a good piece of innocence. The influence of grafts has been analyzed from all sorts of cultural, political, and even philosophical angles, fired at the audience through the continuous flow of monologues and dialogues. And to be even worse, the entire film is fully grounded in current Japanese history and customs, making it even more difficult for a stranger to catch the material well. Needless to say, multiple views are recommended to extract the best of all the details hidden in the movie. However, at the conceptual level, the film is easy to follow and already quite ridiculous. Various people were introduced who were the most influential historical figures of post-war Japan. The film is played as if you would expect a serious documentary of any other important personality, but somehow large and roughly animated cut-away photographic limbs from which figures are collected do not make it so serious. The string of characters that is presented is exalted, Shinji Higuchi takes the cake as a cow creature carrying a nose ring while taking a fast food chain with its bulls / people group. Oshii regular Kenji Kavai provides, in addition to the rather comical performance, the result ranges from atmospheric and dark to wacky, weird and comic. A lot of fun can be obtained from excessive sounds and effects, complementing the animation and completely contradictory tone of the rest of the film. Visual, the film is very atmospheric, although it must be said that the animation is rather scarce and effective, remains suppressed, so that from time to time it explodes in a hyperactive miracle. Which is not a bad thing, seeing how Tachiguishi is so difficult for dialogue. In spite of this, the film is still a visual masterpiece, because each frame looks absolutely lush and adapted to match and improve the general atmosphere of the film. Be careful, because Tachiguishi looks a lot from the viewer. If you do not speak Japanese, there are many readings to be done and there are many cultural references that require particular attention. In addition, monologues in the film area are very extensive and difficult to track. The film still does not have subtitles in English, and although my French language was largely sufficient to get what it is about, I'm sure I missed many finer points of the film. Tachiguishi is not easy to get into the movie, but halfway to it comes full steam and from there it does not come out. I still hope that I will see this again with English or Dutch submarines. Dub would actually be the best for a movie like this (similar to a container), although I think a good quality anime is too much to look for. With all these words, I can only congratulate Oshi on another great movie. There is rarely a film that mixes and mixes so many styles and influences to create something that is so unique and still working. The film is smart, looks and sounds great and filled with creativity to the top. It's extremely funny, even if you can not get all the details at first sight. But be sure that at least you will get this with decent submarines because the automated English translation that floats there is totally worthless and does not do justice at all. Tachiguishi serves a very specific audience and I'm not surprised that the French have been released while the rest of Europe (and the rest of the Western world) is still waiting for this film. But for those who love Oshie, they value dry and irresistible humor and craving creative ghosts, it's a movie that can not be missed, although it could be a failure. 4.5 * / 5.0 *
