TACHIGUI: THE AMAZING LIFE OF FAST FOODSTUFFS Japanese name: Tachiguishi Retsuden Director: Mamoru Oshii Composed by: Toshio Suzuki, Mako Hiodo, Kenji Kawai, Shinji Higuchi, Katsuia Terada ----------------- --------------------- In 1995, Mamoru Oshii released his brilliant animation "Ghost In The Shell", which helped consolidate international acceptance of the anime - and also embarked on the overall concept of Andy and Larry Vachovsky for The Matrix. The continuation of the film, Innocence (2004)), was an inaugural Japanese animated film that competed for Palme d'Or in Cannes, and left the heads to turn so much in style and innovative effects as well for his unpredictable plot. Always trendeter, Oshii has now introduced us Tachigui: The incredible fast food of the Grifters? which absolutely has nothing to do with Ghost In The Shell, nor in the Japanese anime in that sense. Say goodbye to the creation of "superlive" Oshia: not just animation, nor just a live action. Instead, the actors endured somewhere near 30,000 shots, which were digitally processed and reconstituted in a simple and simple paper-like way that resembles Balinese puppetry. The movement itself is a style that coincides with stop-motion that responds to sequences from the experimental Tetsuo: Iron Man (1988) Shinia Tsukamoto. "I could not remember any methods other than this," Oshii said in a recent interview for The Daili Iomiuri. "I realized that this project is not suitable for traditional animation." The choice of actors is equally puzzling. Kenji Kavai - who composed superlative music - appears as a fanatical hamburger, while famous producer Studio Ghibli Toshio Suzuki spends his time on the screen in a bizarre manner. Among them are Katsuia Terada, who dealt with Oshi on Blood: The Last Vampire, and Shinji Higuchi - the special effects that worked on Godzilla films. Koichi Yamadera's narration sounds like a dry NHK documentary ?? which denies strip-podton here, as well as a large Iamadera career in which he presented stoic anime characters such as Spike Siegel in Covbo's Bebop. The action itself is a bizarre re-imagining of Japan after the Second World War in the context of a variety of fast foods - from the Raman shops to the giudon stand-up bars; American dogs in heated trays of shops in McDonalds, inspired by hamburger restaurants. "Food is the basic root of desire," Oshii confirmed, explaining. Thrown into the mix is ​​a new type of consumer: fast food for the title, people who do not like to pay for their house and constantly fine-tuning their elaborate scams to get the result. free munchies. Oshii said that his hidden motive was a gift of "art" to eat food on the street? something that is still considered a taboo taboo in this country, and which is in some way explained by the use of "tachigui" in the title. Director of Live Movies (Avalon, Straight Dog) as well as animation, Oshii often blurred the definition between the two media. The celluloid result is located somewhere in the gray zone between both formats. Over time, the visual experiment here is exciting as it can be irritating. Just do not ask what that means; Oshi movies, which are equal parts of the brain and innovation, are often not particularly clear. Where does Oshii manage through a liberal dose of black humor? here you will find Kentucky Fried Rat, the death of the hula-hoop, the fastest Samurai cookbook-hamburger in the world? in the very nature of the film of Surrealism. This is a man who renounces the influence of filmmakers such as Godard and Truffaut, and perhaps owes so much to Andrew Tarkovsky as David Linch. So it should not be a surprise that at one point the bomber B-52 is going through a similar franchise to Ioshino. The 54-year-old writer-director seems to think this is natural. "The Japan I have shown in the film does not necessarily have to be true to reality," he suggested. Naturally. -------------- <br /> <br /> Andrez Bergen
