This was the first television episode of the Columbo series (although it was shot after "Death Gives Hands") and announced one of the most successful TV series in history. Jack Cassidi (who played the killer in the series three times) delights in complacency, arrogance and self-confidence to the same extent as Ken Franklin, a half-writing team mystery writer who exposes a complex plot to kill his partner, Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner) who decides to end his professional relationship, leaving Franklin exposed as just a good publicist, not a prolific writer. The initial setup of the kill is fantastic and Cassidy's performance eases the controversial admission that he is the best Columbo killer in the series. Peter Falk is miraculously underestimated in his role of Columba and his characteristic features and strangeness, which are underlined by apparent dispute and absenteeism, especially contrasting with Cassidy's extreme self-esteem: one of their early scenes together where Ken Franklin makes a motive for killing through the non-existent exhibit of Jim Ferris to identify hit men acting in the underground, this illustrates well. Franklin suggests to Columbus that this potential motive and Kolumbo (deliberately or ignorant) fails to capture, forcing Franklin to express his disappointment in a highly patronizing manner and to contrast him with the detective in the book, Ms. Melville. Also, worthwhile attention is the early directing contribution of 24-year-old Steven Spielberg. Nevertheless, some elementary inclusion of cameras by actors and actresses adds some modern and elaborate touches to support the overall professionalism of episodes. One particularly sharp picture is the dead body of Jim Ferris lying on the couch, almost dark in the foreground, while Ken Franklin raises his glass in the background after completing a phone call on Ferris's disturbed wife. I do not doubt that working on a restrictive schedule of 10 to 14 days, Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated. Unfortunately, the second murder event required due to the blackmail scheme drawn by the wife of a friend of Franklin's (and ironicly called "disorderly" by Columbus in his climate summation) takes a couple out of the whole thing. The highlight of the action is compromised, and the screen time between Falk and Cassidy is inexorably decreasing at the moment to help the scriptwriter (Stephen Bocho) get out of the narrow corner because he can not specifically develop a story without a second killing. The highlight is the biggest disappointing aspect of this episode. The original joke and the exchange of words between Falk and Cassidy is strongly and effectively performed, but it only advertises the fact that more should have happened in this episode. The main deterioration lies in traces of sealing (if this can be called a trail): the previous complacency and arrogance of Cassidy's character is stunningly thrown out by a trail that really contributes little to his guilt; And when this is mentioned, he capitulates in a rather unspectacular and unusual way. All in all, the courageous opening of the series, which inevitably promotes and predicts everything that is good for Columbo, and the reverse problems associated with such ingenuity, i.e. maintaining high standards, and in particular creating a reliable and adequate intelligent ending.
