Since I'm a Beatleman, I've come closer Two of us with a combination of fear and fascination. Seeing 'In his life: the story of John Lennon', I was pretty worried that the two of us would not prove to be better. The fact that Aidan Kuinn and Jared Harris do not look absolutely anything like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? even with some makeup and regular hairstyles ?? did not help me. But I was more than pleasantly surprised. This is probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, directed by Let It Be in 1970, and he probably knew well both John and Paul, that characters and dialogue were as convincing as they did. (The credit for Tvoy of Us was given to a man named Mark Stanfield, for whom I do not know absolutely nothing; I feel the credence of Lindsay-Hogg's director had more than anything to do with the script.) Of Us is not a Beatles biography; in fact, there is very little complication, and takes place in one day in New York. Imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. That meeting is completely fictitious, of course? although it really can not be denied that such a meeting really happened. But through this thoughtful conversation, it gives us an insight into the personality of these two great musicians? their intelligence, sense of humor, their different reaction to glory, and most of all to their relationship; which made them such a great team, and what broke them. Since it's a talk interview, nothing special except for a dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, it's likely to be almost true fans of the Beatles; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and it's informative and touching. For those who are interested in these two music giants, will you soon overcome the shock of how different actors look from their colleagues and feel that John and Paul have come to life? so intimate and convincing is the scenario, and so are actors committed. Tvo of Us gives you an invaluable insight into the lives of two geniuses and a story that is both sad and fun. Surely it is recommended.
