Essential Georgian film Georgi Danelii, Ne goriui (1969) aka Grieve is freely based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin" Roman takes place in the countryside of the 18th Century France. The great French revolution is still ahead of us, but some of its turbulent signs are present in society. Benjamin, a local doctor is the soul of a local society, an educated, friendly, democratic person who often treats the poor freely. This makes it very popular among the local population, but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with the beautiful Manette, who is also crazy about him, but is closely followed by her father who called his daughter "his little chief" and is determined to protect her virginity by the time she signs the marriage ... I never read the book, and from the description it sounds as a charming French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of the movement of characters and some elements of the plots from 18th century France to the beginning of the 20th century Georgia-Greece. I think that Danelia came with all the colorful sights that are felt at home in his native Georgia-Greece, the land of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, a rare musical talent that everyone seems to have a very unique humor and a high code of ethics части. When we watched the movie together with our husband last night, he said that this is a great example of an artistic film, and so I agree with it. Don't Grieve is a perfect artistic film, visually beautiful, deep, but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never arrogant, but optimistic, celebrates life with all its beauty and sorrow, full of interest, the irony of love and understanding for its slightly eccentric , but very human characters. Most importantly, the film is warm and gentle, does not look at its viewers as some of the artistic paintings do. You do not have to be a movie lover, love him, live with her, smile and be ashamed of, follow the good young doctor Benjamin (the first role in the Danelia movie of the famous singer and actor Vactang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would continue to record two films, including one of my favorite favorites, Mimina) on his journey through the roads and mountains of Georgia. Or to be a guest at one of the fun parties where friends gather to celebrate the life of an old doctor Levan who wanted to be alone, to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies while he is still alive, and who Choose which color he prefers for his suitcase. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a movie Federico Felini might have liked. I was not surprised to find an article about Daneli where Felini named his number one director. I also learned that Soviet directors Leonid Gaidai (the creator of many favorite comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (a visionary whom I do not have to present to a beloved Danilo's other film, a fairy tale about the American boy Haku Finn, Sovsem propashchii) have known about Daneliya and felt negative about Don ' t Grieve while Fellini was highly praised. I dare to go a little further and just assume that perhaps Maestro Fellini had in mind some of the images and the aura and atmosphere of Don't Grieve when he made Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something important that connects both films. Both artists returned to their roots, to places that deeply loved, to people who remembered, loved and wanted to respect. Both films have a lot of smile through tears. Both are art films that would directly reach the heart of the audience. Both are masterpieces. I think I will add Georgi Danelli to the list of my favorite directors. He made some great pictures in my favorite genre of drama, even tragicomedies that are funny and bitterly sweet, touching and subtle, earthy and elevated, gentle and shining. When I looked at the list of films he wrote / directed, I was amazed at the fact that he did not make any bad movie ever since he started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a young man, Serjoja. Many of Danel's films are among my favorites, because I am sure they are among his fanfare legends. Man behind the Serjoi, Sovsem propashki (1972), which is the adaptation of Mark Tvena Adventure Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ia shagaiu po Moskve (1964) aka Valking the Streets of Moscov, Ne goriui (1969) aka Don't grieve, Afonia (1975) , Mimino (1977), Osenni marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedi, which is a very suitable title for this film, as well as for the whole genre that practically invented Danelia and a cult favorite for more than 20 years Kin- Dza (1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and sincere gratitude for the unforgettable moments of film happiness.
