Vrestlemania 14 is often not seen as one of the great Vrestlemania, but I would personally say it in my top 5, if not at the top 3. It has so many great things, and that really signified the birth of Era Stav, who was VVE it's the best time, in my opinion. HBK has the heart of the lion, and he put it over Austin, as he, on exit, was a pure class on his side. It has one of the hottest piles you will ever see, and there are both J.R and King when they announce the best! Matches. 15 ?? ?? team battle roial LOUD pop for return L.O.D. I am not a fan of the Royal Battle, and this is another average. Very predictable, even when you first see it, it's obvious that L.O.D would win. Watching the Sun 8 minutes definitely helps. 2/5 World Championship in heavy weight VVF </ br>> Tak Michinoku | C | Vs Aguila. Such got a nasty pop, with an input. Fast, highly flying and very exciting. If these two had more time, they would surely have taken off the roof with their stuff. He thus won with Michinoki driver. 3 1/2 / 5 VVF European Championship. Triple H | C | Owen Hart Stipulation here, China is handcuffed for Slaughter. Nice pop for Owen, a mixed trip reaction. A really, really underrated match, which is one of my favorites for Vrestlemani. The two of them were mixing well, and Oven can go with anyone. Excursions win, with disturbances in China. 4/5 Mixed marking coincides. Marc Mero & Sable Vs Goldust & Luna. Defining a pop for Sable, unseen at that time, for a woman. Sable looks really hot and the audience is just eating! Constant Sable sing, and they come out almost every time they enter the ring. Not bad for the Miked tag game, it was fun to play and it was a good time. Sable's team wins when Sable hits TKO. 2 1/2 / 5 VVF Intercontinental Championship. Ken Shamrock Vs Rock | C |. Before I look at the match, I would like to point out that Rock has shown his huge potential, with his interview with Jennifer Flovers, before his match. Nice pop for Shamrock, a great heat for Rock. Too disappointingly short, and I thought the ending was kind of dumb, although Shamrock's powerful lunatics were fantastic to see, and the audience was crazy about it. Rock holds the title when Ref turns the decision. 2/5 Container Shipping for VVF Tag Team Championship Catcus Jack & Terri Funk Vs Nev Age Outlavs. Ex-offenders are not as ready as they wanted to be at this moment. The bunch was actually a little dead for this, but I thought it had some big hardcore bits, with some sick bumps. Cactus and Terri win titles in the end. 3/5 <b> Undertaker vs Kane. Great ovations, for The Undertaker. Much better than there on a trip to Vrestlemania 20, and for the game of a great man and great man, this was really good. It was a great fight, when the Pogrebnik took a sick hammer through the table. VVE was smart, making Kane strong, even defeating. After two incursions of the tombstone, Tucker finally separates him, with the third. 3 1/2 / 5 VVF Championship. Special Guest Enforcer "Mike Tison" HBK | C | Vs Steve Austin. Great heat for Tyson. The bunch goes for Austin, definitely one of the biggest pops I've ever heard. A mixed reaction for HBK. This is a really special game, one of the biggest major events in history, you can say when J.R is even breathless. HBK gives him everything, in what was supposed to be his last match, and Austin rarely was better. Enemies and crowds are incredible, and it's exciting. Austin defeated the petticoat, and Tison joined 3:16 by throwing Michaels out. Austin's celebrity victory, it's a miracle, because it's one of the funniest bubbles you'll ever see, King said it's true, they're crazy. 5/5 <br /> <br /> Essence. Vrestlemania 14 is one of the biggest for reality. There's everything you want in Vrestlemania, and he's really going to Ereta's point of view. This is very special for me, because it was the first Vrestlemania I ever saw, at the age of 98. "The Austin Era, it started!" 9/10/9
