VVE was needed by the rescuer while Vrestlemania 14 was moving. The departure of the Breta Hart and the subsequent evaporation of the Hart Foundation left the stable stability of the D-Generation K's villain incomprehensible to VVE. Their disgusting leader, Sean Michael, stole the title from Harry, thanks to the mixing of Vince McMahon and, with the help of his colleagues, Triple H and China systematically pulled out anyone who caused his supremacy. But a new candidate appeared in Roial Rumble. Stone Cold Steve Austin. He hated McMahonagement, Austin was worried about the DKS. Worried that they hired Mike Tyson's "Worst Man on the Planet" as a Special Enemy. Austin would have a strong chance against him in his match title with Shavn Michaels. But first, there was a sub-card that began with the Legion of Destiny that won the forgetting 15 team battles of Roial and became NO.1 candidates for title tags. I actually forgot that this match was there until I reviewed the PPV again. Not really well and he really emphasized the lack of depth in the division of labels in that period. The next match recorded the Light Heaviveight title defended by Champion Taka Michonoku vs. Aguila. VVE established the Light Heaviveight title to compete with a heavy heavyweight division in the VCV. It was not a success, and it was the only time the title was ever defended at Vrestlemania. A short game, it takes about five minutes, and in fact it's too short to achieve a lot. The few that they did was exciting and this was a nice game that Taka retained the title. OK, our next match showed that the DKS member of the Triple H defended the title of VVE Europe, which he won in the Far Eastern fashion of Shavn Michaels at the RAV in December and did not defend himself on the PPV, against Owen Hart, Sole Survivor. Triple H got a big entrance with the DKS band to perform their own theme song. China followed Triple H on the ring, but was then handcuffed for VVE Commissar Sgt Slaughter. Triple H and Oven have a nice little game before China interferes, causing a low blow to Hart, which leads to Triple H retaining the title. A good match, it could have been great if he went a little longer. But, of course, we would not want to separate the time since our next match in which the real husband and wife Marc Mero and Sable defeated Goldust and Luna Vachon in the first mixed tag match at Vrestlemania in 8 years. Frankly, it was not worth the wait. Although it was not terrible, the match was in no way unforgettable. This was the end of the near end of the Mero race in the VVE, and the main goal was to continue breaking down his relationship with Sable. Next time we saw that Ken Shamrock pulled out and costed the Intercontinental Championship. while destroying IC Champion The Rock, but then refused to give up his posture, and the judge reversed his decision. This was a short match, but decent for what it was. The next was for the first time a good night's match when the VVE Tag Team champions lost their titles for Cactus Jack and Chainsav Charlie. fun dumpster match. The decision was canceled the following night when Cactus and Chainsaw drove Outlavs into a bucket, not the one used in the game, but this was still a fun match. Now it was time for the long-awaited first meeting of Cannes and his brother Undertaker. Kane cost an Undertaker in the VVE Championship in Roial Rumble and then "killed him" when he helped Shavn Michaels to lock Undertaker in the suitcase and set him on fire as a revenge that Undertaker burnt down their parents' house and left him terribly unseen years earlier. This was a decent match and told a nice story while Underataker absorbed everything that Kane could throw on him, and then knocked him down with three tombstones to complete the match. The champion faces Steve Austin with Mike Tyson as a guest. Michaels suffered a heavy back injury in a match with Undertaker in Roial Rumble and was remarkable in this match despite his physical limitations. The triple H and China were thrown back in the early days after they climbed out. The match ended with Austin trying on Sveet Chin Music and hitting Stone Cold Stunner with ref. Tyson then came to the ring to count the three, celebrating victory with Austin, and then striking Michaels after the match. It turned out that Tison and Austin were together, and the cat was playing with the mouse all the time. It was the final PPV match for Shavna Michaels for four and a half years. This helped Austin to become the biggest star in the Croatian business, and the main publicity that received Tison's appearance proved to be a key milestone in the VVE fight with VCV. Austin will become the largest star in VVE History, and together with Rock, Mick Folei, Undertaker and Triple H will lead VVE through a period in which they will get the highest level of cultural relevance. And everything started here at Vrestlemania 14.
