This movie works because it's so honest. The story is simple and realistic, it perfectly captures the joys and worries of adolescent love and sexuality that most / all of us have experienced during our teens. Actors are natural as figures in the documentary, but are convincing and charismatic as experienced performers. The dialogue is fresh and honest ... and fortunately it is not filled up to the extremely crowded references of pop culture. Also, cinema is simultaneously persistent and beautiful, bringing life to the lower eastern part in a very tangible way. At the artistic level, I love this film because it reminds me of the great Italian neo-realism of films like The Bicicle Thief and La Strada. Films rarely feel like "real" as it does ... or as a biker thief. And the only other movie I saw was that the sexuality of the teenager treated with the same degree of seriousness is the Shine of Elijah Kazan in the grass. Writer / director Peter Sollett deserves immense praise. This film is a lot of achievement. On a personal level, I am always pleased to see a film that treats members of ethnic America with love and respect. As an Italian-American, I hate the way my people appear in a movie (as a racist, female, criminal genius in irritating popular epics), and my deterioration in this account makes me extremely vulnerable to other groups and their terrible silver screen of representation. Hispanics and Asians are especially damned to play criminals in Western and action movies. (The good thing that Gong Li did not try to become famous in America!) Of course, thanks to the large increase in indie images and the influence of Miramack, we see a few more pictures of the ethnic characters here and there ... but lifting Victor Vargas is easily one of the best. Although I really love My Big Fat Greek Vedding, the refreshing change is that Raising Victor Vargas plays straight (with less exaggerated and broadly drawn characters) while still very funny. Finally! Latino characters worthy of attention. I have the feeling that this is a movie that will be remembered. Naturally, now that he has made this beautiful picture of a family from the Dominican Republic, I hope that Peter Sollett will arrive to make a film about the Italians soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
