This is a movie that I've been missing so far, but now that I've watched it, it appears as one of the main noir entries. As usual in DivKs format, watching was far from ideal ?? broken intermittent video and (mostly) audio glitches ?? but, since the movie is still unavailable on the R1 DVD, it will have to do it for now. Since the reputation of the film is quite high in the genre, I guess the reason for this ruin is because it has no leading actor. In any case, the delayed entry into the nominal star of the movie? Franchot Tone ?? he's packing a pretty strong blow (especially because he showed he was a bad guy from the first one)! The tone was a subdued actor? He rarely got meat roles, and that could be his best (making his paranoid so fascinating and convincingly dangerous). Female leadership ?? Ella Raines, who will later act in BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as Siodmakov THE SUSPECT (1944) and THE JACKS OF UNCLE HARRY (1945) ?? is quite beautiful and capable of assuming the role of an alarmed secretary to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Bakter) is innocent of the brutal murder of her wife. Other key supporting parts are: Thomas Gomez as an initial violence, but ultimately a compassionate police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. genre quintessential type? As a mischievous "female" percussion. As Jules Dassin BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was in noir roll at this time in his career and this film definitely benefits from his top-notch regime? ? all prone corners and great sets, including a fair celebrity jazz sequence in which Cook manically struck the drums in the sexual madness caused by the lazily trained Raines (who tries to get his attention and eventually drives him to admit that he has denied evidence at the investigation who could get the resignation of lover from prison). Another big, long sequence is the one in which Raines follows a bartender (another non-cooperative witness) around the streets of New York? which leads to the car being cut by the car! Significant is the trial sequence? which is fully reflected through the reaction of the audience so that the judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. they are never actually seen (although the judge's voice is recognizable as the voice of actor veteran Samuel S. Hinds). The central part of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone talk about the nature of the criminal, while the inspector left the latter mentally crazy, giving the initially self-satisfied tone of "dizziness". The unsatisfactory climax finds Raines alone with Tony in his apartment, where he finds evidence of his guilt? and admits he had an affair with Bacter's wife, but he killed her when she did not want to leave her husband for him. By the way, in the film I encountered a little nonsense: The story was clearly set up in 1943, I noticed that during the cab taxis drive to the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis follows the titular lady into the theater? the creation of a New York film (clearly comprised of stock records) contains a tent that promotes Laurel and Hardy's 1938 comedy, SVISS MISS! Otherwise, the famous mystery writer Kornel Vulic wrote an original novel on which he was based on a pseudonym.
