Alan Kurtis has a loud, furious conversation with his wife, a blow from his apartment, has a night drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in the bar (led by Andrev Tombes, in a nice changeable medium), and returns to find his wife dead and police , led by Tomas Gomez who is waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with that mysterious lady - is falling because everyone who can remember (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that there has never been such a person. He ends without an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him), Ellen Raines believes in him. Sentenced after the trial, awaits the death penalty. Raines begins to come out behind the truth, revealing that Gomez has some doubts. She also finds an ally in Curtis' friend, Franchot Tone, who is apparently outside the city on the night of the crime. Will he clean Curtis on time? PHANTOM LADI is based on the novel Villiama Irisha (the great noir writer Cornell Voolrich). As film lovers know from other Voolrich works (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT IS LARGE EYES, REAR WINDOW, NOTHING ONLY), one can not assume what the truth is on the surface anywhere. The missing seller's wife may not be in the north of the country, sending him messages that she arrived if she still has her jewelry. Mentalist can really be able to foresee a tragedy - or was he planning the murder of his old partner, now the oil millionaire? Did a leopard kill a young woman, or did a rich hermit in the city actually hide some guilt? Is she a young woman who claims that the wife of a brother killed in the wreckage of a train is actually a scammer? Here, Raines and Gomez (with the help of Ton) tried to prove that Curtis saw a woman no one would admit - and if she saw it, why can not anyone remember her? The problem with the story is actually Curtis' personality - he is too easy to surrender when he was found guilty of a crime he did not commit. In reality, anyone innocent would scream him until they were executed. However, in defending Curtis' collapse, this also happens to other people in different films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GOES TO CITY, it is so much frustrated by the framing it gets as delusional and crazy from Douglas Dumbrille and his servants that he does not defend himself in the beginning, while the people who depend on his help will not escape fears in the courtroom and wake up again his sense of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to be giving up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else would not care that Curtis was not. But the film survives this weakness. The slow discovery of the lies by the witnesses who had been bribed by a real killer allows two pieces for Raines with Tombes on an abandoned sublime platform and Elisha Cook at a jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more perceptive than a criminal expects to double-check his alibi again. And the criminal manages to hold a little before Raines and Gomez until the final minutes of the film. If it's not such a good movie as DOUBLE INDEMNITI or POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TVS or MALTESE FALCON, it is well held up to the moment when Curtis and Raines reunite in the end.
