This noir may not be the best-remembered movie of that time, but it contains a great secret plot, the usual noir atmosphere, and some good performances by its lesser-known members. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mysterious / horror classic "Spiral Staircase", directed this film two years earlier from the aforementioned film, showing a real talent for creating a dark and dark atmosphere, as well as creating complications that intrigue and fascinate the viewer. Phantom Ladi focuses on Scott Henderson; A man married to a woman he does not like. One night at the bar he picked up a lady in a big hat, and the two of them agreed to a 'party'. However, he then returns home and finds his apartment infected by police officers and soon finds out that the reason his wife was drowned with one of the neck ties! He is amazed when he finds out that no one has seen him while he can not remember with a mysterious woman, and of course the jury rejected him for the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him, his beautiful worker gets the case ... The action takes place well all the way, and unlike many well-known ostriches, this has several murders that make the procedure more interesting. In fact, if there was no fact that it was made in the forties and was shot in black and white, I would swear that the Phantom Ladies were Italian Giallo! Central characters are interesting enough, with Alan Curtis, who provides a good picture of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is effective as a female improvised detective. However, the true feature of the film is Franchot Tone, which offers an unforgettable performance as a crazy villain. The film also has a role in supporting actor Elishi Cook Jr., who plays drums in the most impressive segment of the film. If I criticized this film, I would say that the identity of the killer is revealing a little too early - although Phantom Ladi deserves credit for that front for the original way of doing it. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is amazing considering the little likely line of the plot), and all in all, Phantom Lada is certainly one of the biggest and most daring nights ever made!
