Man, this is a hard DVD. I could only find him in Region 2, Spanish imports, and that was expensive. Is it worth it? Well, yes. Not so much because it is a masterpiece of filmmaking, although Curt Siodmak (credits at IMDb.com read "Robert", but a list of DVD credits Curt), or because he has several famous figures from other mysteries of murder - Elisha Cook, Jr . and Thomas Gomez - but because my decade curiosity about the movie was finally pleased. In essence, a respected but self-contained engineer (Alan Curtis) was standing by his alienated wife and was found at a bar in New York with two cards in his pocket. A woman with a strange hat is on a chair next to him and he kindly invites him to join him in a musical review. She accepts, somewhat grimly. The Mopei bartender gives them both eyes as they leave. In the show, a tumultuous star notices that this lady in the audience carries the same hat and erupts on an angry scene. Drummer in the band, Cook, watch the quiet lady, but does not get any answer. Curtis leads the wife to her house and asks for her name, but she will not give it, and she does not want to know his. If she were a Longhart devotee, she would say something about the ships that pass by at night. All right, Curtis goes home to find his wife killed in his absence. The chief police officer, Gomez, gives it to the prosecutor. His only alibi is that he was with a phantom lady that no one else remembers - not a bartender, not a Latin star, not a taxi driver ("Al Alp"), not a drummer - and as the lady himself disappeared, it is impossible to dig it. Curtis was sentenced and sentenced to death. But inspector Gomez was thinking about things and decided he was probably innocent because no one with the brain would have invented such a stupid story. She joins Curtis' love, Ella Raines, in an informal case study. They again visit the alleged witnesses. A serious bartender crosses the car, maybe by chance, so it's out of the picture. Hot Latina left because the show is closed, and she does not cooperate anyway and does not know the source of the hat. Elisha Kuk, a younger man, was strangled by a real killer, but not before he appeared in a scene where drums cast into an improvised jazz band. His swarthy face implies an expression that does not indicate an intense focus, but a monstrous, orgasmic madness. Eyeballs rolled up to the ceiling, his mouth was gagging, his hitting became frenzied. I laughed loudly. No one would be remarkable, but everyone is professional enough. Thomas Gomez is always reliable. However, the best performance is probably Franchot Tone. He is a real killer and lies his alibi. He is reserved and artistic. Even when he fails, he's decent. I do not know how to express that accurately, but Tone seems to think the same as just acting as a part. Alan Kertis as an innocent engineer is close to zero on the Kelvin scale and belongs to the B image. I do not know why it is considered classical. It's actually your basic mystery of killing from Cornell Voolrich, not as good as any other. But Siodmak's direction is sensitive. The man is running over and his hat is closed in a gutter with water running around her. Its use of shadows is quietly effective. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I got it.
