Phantom Ladi (1944) Dir: Robert Siodmak Production: Universal Pictures Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), after a fierce battle and separation with his wife, seems to be drowned by a sore in the local water hole. There he spied a woman in a similar emotional state and, in search of some society, he asked to appear in a club in order to eliminate their problems. She agrees, but only on condition that they retain their names. Of course, when Scott returns home, he finds the police there, waiting for him to be examined. His wife was killed. Where were you at 8 am tonight, Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez) asks? But Scott has an alibi, right? Only he does not know the name of the woman. And the bartender remembers Scott, but not the woman. No taxi driver. No drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.) At the club. Even the dancer at the club, who Scott clearly grabbed his eyes looking at the woman (they were both wearing the same hat), would not admit that he was someone with him. Something is happening, but whatever it is that Scott is helpless to defend himself at trial and sentenced to death for murdering his wife (the most unusual 'proof' in the Hollywood history of the judiciary). He left his loyal secretary, 'Kansas' (Ella Raines), who later joined the cute inspector Burgess, to reveal the real killer before Scott was executed. The phantom lady is built on topics I repeat, almost compulsively, in Voolrich's work. For example, a schizophrenia antagonist is also seen in Black Angel and Leopard. In addition, there is also a figure that becomes mentally destroyed by the death of a soul or spouse, as found in Rendezvous in Black and The Bride Vore Black. It can leave the viewer feeling like walking on a well-worn ground. But in the right hands, feverish complications, sad dialogue, narrative inconsistencies, all are in addition. Luckily, Phantom Lada was guided by healthy hands. This is Siodmakov's first noir. He would continue to distinguish himself as one of the, if not superior, practitioners of the style (The Killers, Criss Cross). Here, he is accidentally paired with the cameraman Voodie Bredell (they would reunite for Christmas and The Killers). The camera is about great storytelling. In one frame, the worsened mental state of the character is shown while sitting in front of a mirror in 3 directions, pointing to more personality. The same figure, the artist, has Van Gogh's self-portrait with a curved ears hanging on the wall of his apartment. But what Siodmak and Bredell really do in Phantom Lada practically creates the look of the noir. Published very early in 1944, everything is there; wet kolovoz, sack of atmosphere and horror, sharply contrasting b & v, wild expressionist versions of reality (when Kansas visits Scotland in prison), inconsistent axes of light, etc. Franchot Tone aside, the actors, as well as the theme and relative inexperience of the director (and possibly the budget), suggests the ambitions of 'B' movies. I thought Tone was small. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) is not in many ways, and actually is pretty weak in several scenes. Ella Raines is mostly good (and pretty beautiful). Her "scene of sex" with Elisha Cook younger is so foolish that she has to see her trusted. Another highlight is when Kansas goes to the barman to examine him. It seems to be a scene of a run, while he was tirelessly firing at the streets, with a station at the metro station. It's really a good tension there. *** From 4th
