I can confidently acknowledge (as IMDb geek) that 'Phantom Ladi' will never break into my top 20 movie noirs. Perhaps he does not even sneak in the first fifty. But instead of discrediting the film because it is not as good as many other movies of the film noir, it should be noted that Phantom Ladi has enough strong and permanent images in it to be worth watching. All that is required of the viewer is the ability to overcome a terribly slow start. The film is not cooked until 'Kansas' (Ella Raines) does not try to prove everything except the innocence of her boss, Scott Anderson (Alan Curtis), who was convicted of the murder. "Kansas" is Anderson's secretary by day and an amateur detective at night. As a newbie sleuth she works well for herself while working on the streets of New York at night. Little by little she begins to put parts of the mysterious puzzles together. To be honest, the film belongs to Raines, and because of her presence, the film works well. Somehow he is able to breathe life into a film about a convicted man who is not least interested. I'm not sure if this fragmented dynamics of a ruthless leading man becomes the fault of the actor or director, but it is clear that something is becoming terribly wrong with the film there. Interestingly, Raines as a detective beginner, things are accelerating to other hidden equipment when 'Kansas' pays a late night visit to a wandering drummer (Elisha Cook, Jr.) in search of some information that helps her condemn the boss. She and the drummer paint the city with a new kind of red color while visiting jazz clubs "all night". Trying to describe this scene or show an injustice on the scene or worse can destroy the scene together. You'll know the scene once the last crash hits the ring. If you are lucky enough to have this movie on DVD, you will probably again overturn this scene. As Raines is so good, this scene makes this movie worthwhile. Basically, for this scene, I'm evaluating 'Phantom Ladi' 7 instead of 6. Most of this film comes as lukewarm and mild with several great scenes and a magnificent scene. . It's a "drum / sec scene" that separates this movie from any other type. And as mentioned in the film that "you never go wrong with Vanilla", I would also like to add that "vanishing" is a safe choice when you can not decide on a tasty treat. 7/10. Clark Richards
