The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel as if he is filling the fantastic fantasy: get in the shoes of Agent 007. "FRVL" is approaching this goal than any other game, because this time you control the real James Bond. No offense for Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and borrowed his voice and similarity to "EON", but Sean Conneri was the original James Bond, and there will never be anyone approaching his cool level. At this point, I have to say, like many others who reviewed this game, that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old picture on the screen, and this requires a bit of getting used to it, but certainly it's worth it. He makes lines like "Bond James Bond" and "Shaken, not thrilled" in the big thing again. But Sir Sean's control as he takes over the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond said in "Octopussy", "just the tip of the tap." The incredible game begins with the gun opening pistol. This is the original film gun gun. Then you take the first mission, save the Prime Minister's hot blonde from the terrorists in Parliament, and everything from car to clothing is perfectly retro. The world of the game is truly the world of the original James Bond, down to the classic rock-n-roll performance of James Bond theme that finally plays at a crucial moment late in the game, while Bond infiltrates into a secret factory. After opening the game, the store faithfully follows the action of the movie "FRVL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to take a Lector device from a Russian codex that claims to be in love with him. In Turkey, Bond has teamed up with friendly assistant Kerim Bey. Bond must take the device, protect the girl in trouble and return safely to London. Bruce Feistein's scriptwriter worked on the script, and he did a good job of making the game the same, but different from the movie. All the characters from the film are well reconstructed, but some are better than others. Imitators expressing criminals Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are incredible. And there's a moment early in the game where you interact with Miss Moneipenni, M, and K who all look and act like in the original Sean Conner 007 movies. What puts this game in miles ahead of other Bond games, in addition to voice and resemblance to Sir Sean, are two important elements in the game. One is the focus of Bond. Even though you can take care of the villains by locking them with one button and killing them, additional push of the button will allow you to zoom in closer to the target and choose between the points Bond will shoot, such as the grenade on the Belt that will send the enemy and a few of his friends or a tape rapp that will cause a suspended enemy to his death. Another important feature is invisibility and murder. When you're close enough, just press the button to defeat the cruel brutality of the enemies shown by James Bond Sean Connery. so you only have a few gadgets, but they're good. K-copter is a helicopter with a remote control that can self-destruct and explore areas that Bond can not get, such as K-spider in "EON", only better. A classic laser watch is useful not only for entering indoors, but also for sending an enemy when you do not have other weapons. Sonic cufflinks and serum pistol are the most fun to play, but you have to experience them yourself. Apart from the gadget, you can dress Bond in a number of retro costumes found during the game, including a gray suit from the movie, a standard black smoking, a retro stealth costume, and a classic white smoking, all of which look just like they did when Sir Sean wore them in movies. When driving in the game, drive the Aston Martin DB5 straight from the Goldfinger. It can not turn into invisible, but it has a gadget for pushing tires like in a movie. And when you do not fly the streets of Istanbul in the Goldinger car, you can fly through the air in the Thunderball jet package. Then there is a multi-plaier. Of course, this has to be compared to the standard of "GoldenEie" and it fails. Also, you can only play Bond's villains, not Bond or other heroic games. But, multi-payer is a fun, decent bonus, because the incredible campaign itself makes the game worth playing. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, especially the shooting in the Gypsy camp, Bond's bout with Red Grant on Orient Express and the conflict between Bond and Rose Klebb shoes, have not been made in the form of a game. And the game is a fast game, even on the toughest difficulties. But overall, this game is the best James Bond so far.
