I am not a follower of a particular film genre. I classify films only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks, after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and story are very weak. Yet, unlike Urban Legend, the basic elements of the film are both summery and iconic, and that is what makes Valentine the best. As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so low on the ground. Since high school years, he grew up with his wounds that he collected in his soul against his classmates who were ridiculing him. When you concentrate on this first element while watching a movie, you will come to this point of view of humanism: "Nobody is perfectly good or evil. In fact, someone known as evil can be secretly cunning." Just because the story and the direction are very weak, we are not satisfied how much we deserved. The other cult element is, of course, the magnificent connection of the superstar of the late nineties: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who was killed in the coldest way to be killed. The arrows from the armpit knocks her belly and remains stuck inside, while she plays the hideaway with her blind blind, whom she has never been able to meet. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet to be killed in a biological laboratory while trying to hide under the models of the human body lying on the tables for surgery. Denise Richards was killed the third, and she just found a Valentine's Day for her in a whirlpool bath. Jessica Capshav was killed the last time in a confidential and invisible manner, and then charged with being a serial killer. Marlee Shelton is the happiest person of eager happiness that she will be killed in the most concrete way that we will never know, because the film is nearing its end before being killed. Finally, Benita Ha is happiest because she was not a schoolmate of the serial killer David Boreanaza. The third and last element is a soundtrack with a lavirint scene with a blind date, Valentine's Day. Celebration of Dorothy's Home Scene and finally killing themes. Everyone loved the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock never fits better in the serial killer-mystery movie.
