If I was familiar with the production of Guis and Dolls before I looked at the movie, I might not like him as much as I did. Although honestly, I would probably prefer film production because of general admiration and Branda (for acting) and Sinatra (because of his voice, although he is also an actor, see the Manchurian Candidate or From Here For Eternity.) <Br /> < > As for some of the other song reviewers, I have a Broadvai soundtrack and although Isabel Binglei's voice is stronger than Jean Simmons, it's no fun. I think it has a fairly penetrating quality. Jean Simmons's voice is much more realistic, although, of course, it's not always a big concern in musicals. The only time I particularly noticed Marlon Brand's particularly weak vocal record was during his performance "Luck Be A Ladi" and only because I was previously familiar with the Sinatra version. I also think that Vivian Blaine's voice is much more pleasant in the film than on Broadway. The Sinatra's voice alone would be able to redeem the failings of everyone else, if redemption really needed. (They were not) It's infinitely better than Sam Levene, especially in my favorite song, "Sue Me". Also, the complaint that many songs are omitted from the movie for inferior songs, please differ. "A Bushel and Peck" is hardly a jewel, and the song that replaced it, "Pet Me Poppa" and the accompanying performance is more Hot Box material. I personally do not care for 'Marri the Man Todai' and I'm happy I'm in love 'I've never been in love before,' and although he did not sang in the movie, the instrumental version can be heard when Nathan is in the locker room of Adelaide. In Love 'expresses the same opinion equally and probably within the range that both stars can better reach. And the movie would not be the same without the song 'Adelaide', which is not included on Broadway. The soundtrack for the movie was available for sale, I recommend you buy it instead of Broadway. Although I did not see the original production, I can not imagine that acting would be superior to the head of the movie. actors. The important fact is that the story is charming as always and the acting and son gs do not make less.
